THE

STATUTES AT LARGE

From the Tenth Year of

KING WILLIAM the THIRD

To the End of the Reign of

QUEEN ANNE.

To which is prefixed,

A TABLE of the TITLES of all the Public and Private

Statutes during that Time.

VOLUME the FOURTH.

LONDON:

Printed for Mark Basket, Printer to the King's Most Excellent Majesty, and by the Assigns of Robert Basket

And by Henry Woodfall and William Strahan, Law Printers to the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

MDCCLXIII

A

TABLE

OF THE

Public and Private

Statutes,

CONTAINING

The TITLES of the ACTS from the Tenth Year of the Reign of William III to the End of the Reign of Queen Anne.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 10 W. 3.

1. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions.

2. An Act to prevent the making or selling Buttons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs.

3. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt, Meal, Flower, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, for one Year, from the tenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety eight.

Anno 10 & 11 W. 3.

4. An Act to prohibit the excessive distilling of Spirits and Low Wines from Corn, and against the exporting of Beer and Ale, and to prevent Frauds in Distillers.

5. An Act for the clearing, repairing, preserving, and, maintaining the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk.

6. An Act to enlarge the Trade to Russia.

7. An Act for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament.

8. An Act for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one Million four hundred eighty-four thousand and fifteen Pounds, one Shilling, eleven Pence three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

10. An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

11. An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service, during the late War, to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

12. An Act for raising the Militia for the year one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

13. An Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his sacred Majesty.

14. An Act for limiting certain Times within which Writs of Error shall be brought for the reverting Fines, Common Recoveries, and ancient Judgments.

15. An Act for continuing the Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes.

16. An Act to enable posthumous Children to take Estates, as if born in their father's lifetime.

17. An Act for suppressing of Lotteries.

18. An Act for taking off the remaining Duties upon Glass Wares.

19. An Act for making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Calder, in the County of York.

20. An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable.

21. An Act for laying further Duties upon Sweets, and for lessening the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon certain Low Wines and Whale Fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for charging Cinders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Ashes, and for preventing Abuses in the brewing of Beer and Ale, and Frauds in Importation of Tobacco.

22. An Act for the more full and effectual charging of the Duties upon Rock Salt.

23. An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, House-breaking, or Robbery, in Shops, Warehouses, coach houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses.

24. An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish.

25. An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland.

26. An Act for opening the ancient and making any new Roynes and Water-courses in and near Sedgmore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 10 W 3.

1. AN Act for the more easy and certain Payment of the Debts of Edward Earl of Derwentwater, by Sale of Woods and Timber; and for enabling him to raise Money for Discharge of Incumbrances upon Part of his Estate.

2. An Act for naturalising Elizabeth Farewell.

3. An Act for for naturalising Philip Lepell.

4. An Act for naturalising Bartholomew Ogilby, and others.

Anno 10 & 11 W. 3.

5. An Act for the Ships Margaret, and Friendship, of Bristol, to trade as free Ships.

6. An Act to naturalise James St. Pierre, John Denny, and Remand Flensbergh.

7. An Act to naturalise Charles de Siburg, and Francis St. George.

8. An Act to naturalise William Lloyd, Cornelius de Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd.

9. An Act to naturalise John Meoles.

10. An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Viner, Knight and Baronet, deceased.

11. An Act for the Naturalization of Theophilus Rabesiners, and others.

12. An Act for enabling George Penn, Esq; to sell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

13. An Act to naturalize Philip de Chenevix, and others.

14. An Act to naturalize William Lower, William Darnel, and Peter Godby.

15. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Columbiere, and others.

16. An Act to naturalize George Burnet.

17. An Act to naturalize Mark Anthony Davisseins de Moncall, and David Loches.

18. An Act for the Naturalization of John Francis de Carcafonct, and others.

19. An Act for naturalizing Captain Thomas Brown, and others.

20. An Act to naturalize John de Philipneau, Sieur de Montargiore, and others.

21. An Act for naturalizing Peter Barailleau, and others.

22. An Act for the Ship Charles Flyboat of Exeter, to trade as a free Ship.

23. An Act to naturalize Isaac Gouyquette de St. Eloy.

24. An Act for settling Augmentations on certain Vicarages for ever.

25. An Act for confirming of a Grant and Settlement made by William Forster, Esq; of divers Manors and Lands in the County Palatine of Durham, and County of Northumberland, to Thomas Lord Fairfax, and others, upon certain Trusts therein mentioned.

26. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Sir Thomas Darcy, deceased, for Payment of Debts.

27. An Act to enable Edward Price, Esq; to transfer a Charge of one thousand Pounds, for the Use of his younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the County of Hereford and Radnor, of better Value.

28. An Act to enable Trustees to sell Part of the Estate of George Scot, Esq; to pay Debts, and raise Portions for his Brother and Sister, and to settle other Parts of his Estate.

29. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Dudley Vesey, in Hintlesham, in the County of Suffolk, for the Payment of his Debts.

30. An Act to enable Robert Aldworth, and his Wife, to sell their Estate in or near Wantage, in the County of Berks, for raising three hundred Pounds for Payment of his Debts, and for applying the Residue of the Money for purchasing some other Estate for the sole Use of his Wife and Children.

31. An Act for the Encouragement of a new Invention by Thomas Savery, for raising Water, and occasioning Motion to all Sorts Mill-work, by the impellent Force of Fire.

32. An Act to naturalize Scipio Guy, and others.

33. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Halwill, and Becket, in the County of Devon, the Estate of John Moor, for Payment of Debts.

34. An Act for vesting the Real Estate, late of Thomas Lascels, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts.

35. An Act to enable John Toung, Gent. to sell Lands for Payment of Debts and Legacies.

36. An Act to enable the Town of Liverpool in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to build a Church, and endow the same, and for making the said Town and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton.

37. An Act to enable Thomas Okeover, Gent. Son and Heir Apparent of Rowland Okeover in the County of Stafford, Esq; together with the said Rowland Okeover, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Okeover.

38. An Act to enable Katharine Leeke, an Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, to settle and dispose of her Estate upon her Marriage.

39. An Act for vesting certain Lands of Sir Thomas Seyliard, Baronet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Sisters Portions, charged thereon.

40. An Act to enable Thomas Byde, Esq; an Infant (with the Consent of his Guardians and next Relations) to make a Contract for the buying in his Mother's Jointure, and to settle a small Estate in Great Amwell in the County of Hertford, and likewise for the securing and raising Portions for Barbara Byde, Sister to the said Thomas Byde, and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned.

41. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Lordington, alias Lurtington, and Whitwey, and divers Lands in the County of Sussex, and for laying out 5,000l. in purchasing other Lands to be settled in lieu thereof.

42. An Act to enable Samuel Wake, alias Jones, Esq; to sell Lands to pay Debts, and to purchase other Lands adjoining to and formerly Parcel of his Manor.

43. An Act for the vesting and settling the Estate of Anne Bridges, an Infant, in Bermudas, alias the Summer Islands, in America, in and upon Trustees, to be sold, and laying out the Money arising by such Sale in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges.

44. An Act for the enabling Cyriat Weslyd, Esq; to sell some Part of his Estate, which by Articles upon his Marriage was agreed to be settled upon his Wife and Children, and for settling of other Part of his Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses.

45. An Act for the Ships Hawk and Rainbow to trade as English built Ships.

46. An Act to enable John Bull, an Infant, to sell his Lands in Kent for the Payment of Debts and Annuities charged thereon, and for Provision for younger Children.

47. An Act for enabling the surviving Trustees of Sir William Pulteney, Knight, deceased, to make Leases for the raising of Monies, for the Payment of his Son William Pulteney's Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act to enable Popham Conway, Francis Seymour, and Charles Seymour, Esquires, and their Issue Male severally and succesively, to make Leases of their Estates.

49. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Zenebia Hough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses.

50. An Act to enable the Ship Hope (of great Length, and very serviceable for bringing Masts into this Kingdom) to trade as an English built Ship.

51. An Act to enable William Wraford, Gent. and Dame Anne Rich, Widow, to make Leases of Houses, and Ground in Covent Garden, late the Estate of John Athy, Citizen and Haberdasher of London.

52. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Downham in the County of Essex (the Estate of Sir Francis Andrews) and for buying and settling other Lands to the same Uses.

53. An Act to discharge the Ships King William, and Charles the Second, from the Penalties of the Act of Navigation.

54. An Act to enable Thomas Methwold, Esq; to raise the Sum of 1200l. upon his Estate, by him laid out in improving the same.

55. An Act for selling divers Freehold and Leasehold Houses, the Estate of Thomas Cowslade, an Infant, and others, to discharge a Mortgage, and to purchase other Lands to be settled to the like Uses,

56. An Act for naturalizing Augustine Cloribus, and others.

57. An Act for naturalizing Samuel Benardeau, Peter Chantree des Gaudree, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's three Troops of Guards and Grenadiers.

58. An Act to naturalize Richard Legg, and others.

59. An Act to naturalize Sir David Collier, Isaac la Melinere, Peter de Belcastle, and William Reiatore.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 11 W. 3.

1. AN Act for taking away the Bounty Money, for exporting Corn, from the ninth of February one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred.

Anno 11 & 12 W. 3.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

3. An Act for laying further Duties upon wrought Silks, Muslins, and some other Commodities of the East Indies, and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

4. An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

5. An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour.

6. An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or Collateral, notwithstanding their Father and Mother were Aliens.

7. An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

8. An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service; and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

9. An Act for preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits in the Principality of Wales, and the Counties Palatine.

10. An Act for the more effectual imploying the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom.

11. An Act to repeal an Act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendring the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone Lace, Loom Lace, Needle Work, Point, and Cut Work, three Months after the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures in Flanders shall be taken off.

12. An Act to punish Governors of Plantations in this Kingdom, for Crimes by them committed in the Plantations.

13. An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

14. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred, although the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

15. An Act for the ascertaining the Measures for retailing Ale and Beer.

16. An Act for the better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax.

17. An Act to prevent Disputes that may arise by Officers and Members of Corporations, having neglected to sign the Association, and taken the Oaths in due Time.

18. An Act for the more effectual punishing of Vagrants, and sending them whether by Law they ought to be sent.

19. An Act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties.

20. An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal exported.

21. An Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen, and Wherrymen rowing on the River of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen upon the said River, between Gravesend and Windsor.

22. An Act for making the River Lark, alias Burne, navigable.

23. An Act for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and for cleansing, paving, and enlightning the Streets of the City of Bristol.

24. An Act to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester to recover and preserve the Navigation upon the River Dee.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 11 W. 3.

1. AN Act to enable Thomas Noble Gent. to sell the undivided third Part of the Manor of Foxton in the County of Leicester, when he shall have settled Lands (an entire Estate) of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

Anno 11 & 12 W. 3.

2. An Act to dissolve the Duke of Norfolk's Marriage with the Lady Mary Mordant, and to enable him to marry again.

3. An Act for the better enabling Anne Baldwin, Widow, to sell a Capital Messuage and Lands called Wiltons, and other Lands in the County of Bucks, devised by her Husband's Wiil.

4. An Act for continuing the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East Indies, a Corporation.

5. An Act for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Thomas Hopwood Gent. on Elizabeth his Wife in order to raise Portions for younger Children, and to pay Debts.

6. An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of John Clobery Esq; deceased, and for the raising Portions and Maintenance for his Children.

7. An Act to enable Thomas May Gent. to sell Lands in the County of Suffolk, which were settled upon his Marriage, and to convey other Lands in the same County, of a greater Value, to the same Uses.

8. An Act for vesting the real Estate of Joseph Gardiner and Sarah his Wife, late the Estate of William Ridges Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts and Legacies therein mentioned, and for applying the Residue of the Money upon the Trusts therein specified.

9. An Act for Sale of several Western Manors, and Lands, the Estate of Arthur Lacy Esq; for discharging a Mortgage thereupon, and for laying out the Surplus Monies in the Purchase of Demesne Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

10. An Act for vesting the Manor of Exton, and other Lands in the County of Somerset, late the Esate of Thomas Sidersin Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

11. An Act for the speedy and effectual making a convenient Way out of Chancery Lane to Lincoln's Inn Fields, and Places adjacent.

12. An Act for settling of the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of Robert Merefield and John Merefield, Esquires, deceased, and for ascertaining the Proportions between the Widow of the said Robert, and his surviving Children.

13. An Act for the settling all Differences concerning Dame Mary Bond's Will, and for performing the same.

14. An Act for charging the Estate of Sir Thomas Robnson, Baronet, with seven thousand Pounds, for the Portion of Anne his Sister; and for settling her Estate upon the said Sir Thomas Robinson, in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for confirming a Lease and certain Indentures between the City of Norwich, and Richard Barry, Esq; George Sorwold, Gent. and James Soame, Merchant, and for enlightening the Streets of the said City.

16. An Act for settling the Estate of Catharine-Fitzgerald Villers, and raising of Money for Payment of Debts, and better securing the Portions of her five younger Children by Edward Fitzgerald Villers, Esq; her late Husband.

17. An Act to enable Edward Mansell, Esq; to Mortgage or sell the Inapropriate Rectories of Llanriddian, and Penrice, for Payment of Debts, and raising Portions for younger Children, and for settling the Manor of Henleys, and other Lands, of more Value.

18. An Act for the selling the Reversion and Inheritance of the Farm of Nethercott in the County of Oxon, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of George Harrison, Esq; deceased.

19. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Sir Josiah Child, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, for the better Performance of certain Covenants entered into by the said Sir Josiah Child, upon the Marriage of his eldest Son with the Daughter of Sir Thomas Cooke, Knight.

20. An Act to supply the Loss of certain Indentures of Lease and Release, heretofore made by Philip Holman, Esq; deceased, to George Holman his Son, now also deceased.

21. An Act to enable Henry Butler, Esq; to make Lease of Part of his Estate in Lancashire, for Discharge of incumbrances thereupon.

22. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas Cowper, of the City of Chester, Esq; in Trustees, for Payment of Debts.

23. An Act for confirming the Sale of the Manor of Stansall, and certain Tenements in the County of York, made by Thomas Barlow, Gent. and for settling other Lands of greater Value to the same Uses, and for vesting other Lands and Hereditaments in Trustees, to be sold for purchasing other Lands to be settled to the same Uses.

24. An Act for selling the Manor of Fenham in the County of Northumberland, for the Payment of the Debts of Thomas Riddell, Esq; and Edward Riddell his Son, and raising Portions for the Daughters of the said Thomas Riddell.

25. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Hore Esq; for Payment of his Debts, for settling other Part in Trust, for raising a Portion and Maintenance for Elizabeth his only Daughter by his former Wife, and for making a Jointure for Mary his now Wife, and for a Provision for the Children by the said Mary.

26. An Act to enable Dalby Thomas, Esq; to sell Lands in Islington in Middlesex, settled on his Marriage by Dorothy his now Wife, as Part of her Jointure, he settling another Estate of equal or greater Value in lieu thereof.

27. An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of the Inheritance of the twelfth Part of several Manors, Lands, and Tenements of Bluet Wallop, Esq; during his Minority, and to purchase other Lands with the Money to be raised by such Sale, to be settled for the same Uses, as the said twelfth Part was settled.

28. An Act to enable Leonard Wessel, Esq; to sell the Manor of Acres-fleet in the County of Essex, settled on his Marriage with Sarah his now Wife, as Part of her Jointure, laying out the Money arising by such Sale in Purchase of other Lands.

29. An Act for taking the Estate in Law, of several Messuages and Lands, mortgaged to Jeffery and Samuel Howland, and their Heirs, out of Wriothesly Russel, commonly called Lord Marquis of Tavistock, and his Lady.

30. An Act for confirming a Lease of a Piece of Ground from the Rector, and Churchwardens of the Parish of St. Martin's Orgars, London, for Liberty to build a Church thereon, for the Worship and Service of God in the French Tongue, according to the Usage of the Church of England.

31. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Bryan Janson, Esq; deceased, for Payment of Debts, and Provision for his Wife and Children.

32. An Act for the Ship Martha of Margam to trade as a free Ship.

33. An Act for the naturalizing Theodore Jacobson, and others.

34. An Act for the naturalizing of Oliver D' Hartcourt, and others.

35. An Act for naturalizing John Burges, and others.

36. An Act for the naturalizing John Richard, Jacob Dabbadie, and others.

37. An Act for naturalizing Francis Vandertyd, and Agneta Vandermersch, Henry Lowman, and James Gabriel Le Tresor.

38. An Act for naturalizing Isaac Delagarde, John Batere, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 12 W. 3.

1. AN Act for the renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills.

2. An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject.

3. An Act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

4. An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for allaying wrought Plate in the Cities of York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, and Norwich.

5. An Act for continuing a former Act to prevent false and double returns of Members to serve in parliament.

6. An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

7. An Act for the better settling and preferring the Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton-House, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Publick.

8. An Act for raising the Militia for one Year, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

9. An Act for the recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom.

10. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the Expense of his Navy, Guards and Garrisons, for one Year and for other necessary Occasions.

11. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and the Duty of fifteen percent, upon Muslins, and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

12. An Act for appropriating three thousand seven hundred Pounds weekly out of certain Branches of Excise, for public Uses, and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Occasions.

13. An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases already made.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 12 W. 3.

1. AN Act for the more speedy Payment of the Creditors of James late Duke of Ormond, and of the present duke of Ormond.

2. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Elizabeth viscountess Bulkeley of Cashels in the Kingdom of Ireland, to sell certain Lands in the County of Devon, and City and County of the City of Exon, for the Payment of Debts.

3. An Act to enable Robert Lord Viscount Kilmorey of the Kingdom of Ireland (being an Infant) to settle diverse Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of England, upon a Treaty of Marriage.

4. An Act to enable sir Charles Barrington, Baronet, to settle a Jointure, and make Provision for his younger Children.

5. An Act to enable Sir Robert Warsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands of better Value in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled.

6. An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Borough of King's Lynn in the County of Norfolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

7. An Act for erecting a Court of Request or Conscience in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the Recovery of Small Debts under forty Shillings.

8. An Act to enable Stephen Jermyn to make Provision for his younger Children, and for the Advancement of his eldest Son.

9. An Act for the vesting and settling certain Manors and Lands in South Dickenham, and other Places in the County of Norfolk, in Trustees, to be sold, and for laying out the Monies arising by Sale thereof, in the Purchase of other Lands to be settled to such and the same Uses as the said Manors and Lands, so to be vested, are and stand settled.

10. An Act for discharging a Mortgage upon the Estate of Peter Trevisa, Esq; deceased, and providing a, Maintenance for his Widow and Children.

11. An Act for the more speedy Payment of the Debts of Christopher Killiow, Esq; and for the raising Portions and Maintenance for his Brothers and Sisters, in Pursuance of his father's Will.

12. An Act for vesting the Estate of Humphry Hide, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, for raising Portions for his younger Children.

13. An Act for furnishing the Town of New Dale with Fresh Water.

14. An Act for vesting a messuage and Lands in Stevenage, in the County of Hertford, the Estate of Richard Nodes, in Trustees, to be sold for making a Provision for his Wife and Children, equal to the Provision secured to them out of the said Estate.

15. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Davison, Esq; deceased, for Payment of Debts, and raising his Childrens Portions charged thereupon.

16. An Act for separating James Earl of Anglesea from Katharine Countess of Anglesea his Wife, for the Cruelty of the said Earl.

17. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Sir John Dillon with Mary Boyle; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Ralph Box with Elizabeth Eyre, and to enable him to marry again.

19. An Act for the vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements belonging to John Fauconer, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts.

20. An Act for transferring a Trust in Lands, belonging to the City of London, unto new Trustees.

21. An Act for removing the County Gaol of Hertford.

22. An Act for the better Performance of the last Will of Henry Apsly, Esq; deceased.

23. An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Bennet, late of Newton cum Larton, in the County of Chester, in trustees, for the Use of the Poor of West Kirby, pursuant to the Will of the said Thomas Bennet.

24. An Act to enable William Vaughan, Esq; and Frances Vaughan, his intended Wife (being both under the Age of one and twenty Years) to perform Articles made for their Marriage.

25. An Act to change the Surname of Ellis Mews, and his Heirs, to the Surname of St. John.

26. An Act for making good the Deficiency of the Charges of making a Way out of Chancery Lane into Lincoln s Inn Fields.

27. An Act for declaring the Will of Sir Joseph Herne, Knight, dated the five and twentieth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to be taken and esteemed the Last Will of the said Sir Joseph Herne.

28. An Act for naturalising Jane Barkstead, Widow, and vesting several Mortgages and Securities in her, to enable her to convey or assign the same.

29. An Act for naturalising Archibald Arthur, and enabling him to dispose of his Estate.

30. An Act for naturalising Jacob Auguste Pyngot, and others.

31. An Act for naturalising Adrian Lofland, and others.

32. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Stanley, Baronet, to charge certain Manors and Lands in the County of Lancaster, with three hundred Pounds, for Payment of his Sisters Portions, and his Debts.

33. An Act for the Sale of the Estate of James Dean, and for securing the Monies raised thereby for the Benefit of himself and Family, according to the Settlement thereof.

34. An Act to enable Richard Bigg to charge Part of his Estate in the County of Hertford and Bedford, with the Payment of his Debts.

35. An Act for naturalising Peter Bagneol, Daniel Senault, and others.

36. An Act for naturalising Gasper Cordoso, Herman Vantwedd, and others.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 13 W. 3.

1. AN Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

2. An Act for punishing of Officers and Soldiers, that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland.

3. An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason.

4. An Act for continuing an Act, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

6. An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

Anno 1 Annae.

7. An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown.

8. An Act for explaining a Clause in an Act made at the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the two and twentieth of November, in the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government.

9. An Act for continuing the Act made in the eighth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom.

10. An Act for taking, examining and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom,

11. An Act for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries.

12. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by diverse Subsidies and a Land Tax.

13. An Act for making good Deficiences, and for preserving the public Credit.

14. An Act for enabling her Majesty to appoint commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

15. An Act to ascertain the Water-measure of Fruit.

16. An Act for the enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade.

17. An Act for continuing and amending the Act made in the ninth Year of his late Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread, and to prevent the Abuses of wire drawers.

18. An Act to explain and alter the Act made In the two and twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning repairing and amending of Bridges in the Highways; and for repealing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, for the re-edifying of Cardiffe Bridge in the County of Glamorgan; and also for changing the Day of Election of the Wardens and Assistants of Rochester Bridge.

19. An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby in the County of York.

20. An Act for making the River Derwent, in the County of York, navigable.

21. An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at the customhouse.

22. An Act to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and for declaring the Association to be determined.

23. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and two, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

24. An Act for the continuing the present Sheriffs in England and Wales, until the first Day of Hillary Term next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner.

25. An Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt.

26. An Act for the Relief of the Masters of Hoys, and other Vessels carrying Corn, and other Inland Provisions, within the Port of London.

27. An Act for the Importation of fine Italian thrown Silk.

28. An Act for importing into England thrown Silk of the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leghorne in Italy.

29. An Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty King William the Third.

30. An Act to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children.

31. An Act for making more effectual the Provision out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages in Ireland.

32. An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act to naturalize Charlotte the Wife of Hugh Boscawen, Esq.

2. An Act for enabling Lionel Earl of Orrery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, by Sale of certain Lands, and Tenements, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and settle other Lands to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned.

3. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Lady Henrietta Obrien, Mother and Guardian of the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate in Ireland, for the discharging of incumbrances thereon, and of a charge of 4000l. for his Sister's Portion.

4. An Act for the Relief of Frances Countess of Tyrconnel, Relict of Richard late Earl of Tyrconnel, of the Kingdom of Ireland.

5. An Act for enabling Sir William Meredith, Baronet, to sell Part of a capital Message, Lands, and Hereditaments, herein after mentioned, in Ashley in the County of Chester, he having settled other Lands and Tenements in lieu thereof.

6. An Act to enable Trustees to sell certain Lands, Tithes, and Tenements, for the Payment of the Debts of Francis Purefoy, Esq; deceased.

7. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, in the Parish of whitchurch, in the County of Chester, in Trustees, to be sold for paying off the Incumbrances charged thereon, and for other Uses therein mentioned.

8. An Act to enable Warner Lee, alias Warner Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage.

9. An Act for the settling and vesting diverse Manors and Lands of Francis Wightwicke, an Infant, lying in the County of Stafford, in Trustees, to enable them to settle and convey the same, upon the Marriage of the said Francis Wightwicke, to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, as shall be agreed upon.

10. An Act for confirming the Title of Thomas Rose, Gent. to Lands called Rempstone, and for Sale of Lands called Currants Court, in the County of Dorset, for Payment of the Debts of William Rose, Gent. deceased, and for settling the Manor of Cheddar Fitzwaters, in the County of Somerset, with the Overplus on the Sale, on Mary Rose, an Infant, Daughter of the said William, in lieu of three thousand Pounds Portion for the said Infant.

11. An Act for confirming a Purchase made by her Majesty, and an Exchange between her Majesty and the Dean and Canons of the King's Free Chapel, within the Castle of Windsor.

12. An Act for the Sale of certain Manors, and Lands, of John late Earl of Exeter, for Payment of the Debts, and Performance of the Will of the said Earl.

13. An Act for vesting certain Lands and Tenements of Montague Earl of Abingdon, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Lands to be purchased to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited.

14. An Act for Relief of Dorothy Baroness Dowager of Upper Offory, and Captain James Roche, with relation to the Irish Forfeitures.

15. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Attingham, in the County of Salop, and settling a Farm called Selly Hall, and a Moiety of the Manor of Temple Lawrne, in the County of Worcester, of better Value, in lieu thereof.

16. An Act for charging the Estate late of William Adams Esq; deceased, with Portions and Maintenances for William Adams, and Elizabeth Adams, his younger Children.

17. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Stephen Soam, Gent. and Dorothy his Wife, and for applying the Monies raised thereby for Payment of his Debts, and for the Portions of Mary, and William Soam, two of their younger Children.

18. An Act to enable Robert Appreece the Elder, and Robert Appreece the Younger, Esquires, to raise Money out of their Estate for Payment of a Debt due to her Majesty, and other Debts.

19. An Act for confirming and, settling of diverse Charities, given by the last Will of Job Marston, Gent. deceased.

20. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Keightley Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

21. An Act to enable Jeffrey Palmer Esq; to settle a Jointure upon Elizabeth His Wife.

22. An Act for the Relief of Hannah Mac Donnel, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

23. An Act for the Relief of Captain Thomas Bellew, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

24. An Act for the Relief of Edward Singleton Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

25. An Act for vesting the Estates of William Matthews Gent. and Katharine his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for the better Government of the Hospital of Balsall in the County of Warwick, founded by the Lady Katharine Leveson.

27. An Act for the Relief of Nicholas Bagenall Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

28. An Act for the Relief of Colonel Henry Luttrell, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

29. An Act to enable the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of St. Peter in Exeter, and their Farmers, and Tenants, to make Leases of and in the manor of Culmstock in the County of Devon.

30. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir William Powell Baronet, deceased, for raising Portions for the younger Children of Sir John Williams, and Dame Mary his Wife (Daughter of the said Sir William Powell) and to enable William Williams, their eldest Son, to make a Jointure to such Wife as he shall marry.

31. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Tenements in the County of Bedford and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold, and for purchasing Lands or Rents, to be settled to the same Uses.

32. An Act for the more effectual Settlement of the Estate of John Stone of Baldwin Brightwell in the County of Oxford, Esq; in his Family and Name.

33. An Act to enable Trustees to make Sale of Part of the Estate of Humphry Bury, for paying of a Mortgage, and a Portion charged thereupon.

34. An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Town of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

35. An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements, in the County of York, in Trustees, to be sold for the raising of a Portion for Henrietta Tempest, an infant.

36. An Act to enable the Trustees of James Hunt Esq; deceased, to sell Timber, for the Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

37. An Act to enable Edward Mansell Esq; to raise a further Sum of one thousand Pounds on a Mortgage of the Impropriate Rectory of Llanriddian, for the Payment of his Debts.

38. An Act for enlarging the Time for John Lord Haversham to make his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

39. An Act for the Relief of Sir Thomas Domville Baronet, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

40. An Act for the Relief of Francis Earl of Carlingford, and others, against several Outlawries in the County of Tipperary in Ireland.

41. An Act for making Provision for the Protestant Children of the Earl of Clanriccard, and the Lord Bophin.

42. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Earl of Limerick of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Euphemia Countess Dowager of Limerick, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

43. An Act to enable Rebecca Wyndham to sell and dispose of an Estate late Sarah Vernon's in the County of Norfolk.

44. An Act to enable the Bishop of Gloucester, and his successors, to make distinct and separate Leases of the Manors, Lands, and Premises therein mentioned.

45. An Act for the enabling Abraham Barnwell to make a more ample Settlement of his Estate for the Benefit of his Family, and to sell Part thereof for raising Portions for his younger Children in his Life time, and for Payment of his Debts.

46. An Act for the better Improvement of Suffolk Place in the Borough of Southwark in the County of Surrey.

47. An Act for settling the Estate late of John and Robert Window Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, and the purchase money applied to the Uses therein mentioned.

48. An Act for vesting the Lands of Henry Pawlet, a lunatick, in Trustees, in order to make suitable Provision for him, his next Heir, and next Relations.

49. An Act for the Relief of Sir Edmund Everard, Peter Fagan, and the Protestant Children of Sir Anthony Mullady, deceased, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

50. An Act for the Relief of William Lord Viscount Mountjoy of the Kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

51. An Act for the Relief of Robert Edgeworth Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

52. An Act for vesting several Lands in the Counties of Surrey and Sussex, the Estate of Mary Johnson, Wife of William Johnson Gent. in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages and other Debts charged upon the Estate of the said William Johnson, and settling his Estate upon the said Wife and her Children by him, clear of Incumbrances.

53. An Act for enlarging the Time for John Hill Esq; and his Wife, to enter their Claims before the Trustees for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, with relation to a Judgement against Robert Grace, and for the Relief of the Creditors of John Grace, and the Widow, Protestant Children and Creditors of the late Sir Patrick Trant, with relation to the said forfeited Estates; for the indemnifying the Earl of Carlingford touching mortgage money by him owing to the said late Sir Patrick Trant.

54. An Act for the Relief of Edward Nugent Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

55. An Act for the Relief of Joseph Mitchell Esq; with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

56. An Act for the Relief of Dennis Molony Gent. with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

57. An Act for the enlarging the Time for Caesar Bradshaw, Esq; to prosecute his Claim before the Trustees for the Irish forfeitures.

58. An Act for the Relief of Jane Lavallin, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

59. An Act for the Relief of James Efface of Yeomans Town, Agmondisham Vejey Esq; George Field, and Thomas *Brigfock, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

60. An Act for the Relief of Francis Spring, and other Protestant Tenants of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, in respect to their real Improvements, and for confirming a Protestant Settlement at Portarlington, and of a Charity at Middleton, in the County of Cork; and for Relief of Alice Countess Dowager of Drogheda, and Sir John Dillon.

61. An Act for the Relief of Ignatius Gold and his Family, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

62. An Act for the Relief of Sir William Ashhurst Knight, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

63. An Act for the Relief of Mary Vernon, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

64. An Act for the Relief of Katharine Obrian, Widow, and her Children, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

65. An Act for the Relief of William Spencer Esq; and the Wife and Children of the late Lord Kenmare, in the Kingdom of Ireland, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

66. An Act for the Relief of Katharine Harris, alias Kife, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

67. An Act for the Relief of Susannah Smith, Widow, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

68. An Act for the Relief of Captain Rickard Wolsely, and other Protestant Lessees in Ireland.

69. An Act for enlarging the Time for Sir Stephen Fox to make his Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

70. An Act for enlarging the Time for Rebecca viscountess Faulkland of the Kingdom of Scotland, to enter her Claim before the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to a Mortgage upon Part of the said Estates.

71. An Act for exempting and discharging of Arthur French, and Sarah his Wife, from accounting to the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the personal Estate of Irriel Farrel, deceased

72. An Act for the Relief of Charlotte Talbot, with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

73. An Act to recompense Philip Savage, Esq; for the Charge of Outlawries, and attending the Trustees for the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

74. An Act for the Relief of Maurice Annesley, Esq; with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

75. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Lee, Esq; and others, Executors of Sir John Heley, Knight, and Peter Goodwin, Esq; with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

76. An Act for the Relief of Thomas Plunket, Gent. and Katharine his Wife, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and for empowering her Majesty to grant Writs of Error for reversing the Outlawries against John Mapas, and Lawrence Fitzgerald.

77. An Act for the Relief of John Ellis, Esq; with Relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

78. An Act for naturalising Daniel Van Ryssen, and others.

79. An Act for naturalising Thomas St. Leger de Bacolon, Joseph de Lanny, Alexander de Racquet des Fourneaux, and others.

80. An Act for naturalising Stephen Benovad, John Girard, and others.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 1 Annae. Stat. 2.

1. AN Act for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

2. An Act for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness Prince George Hereditary of Denmark, in case he shall survive her Majesty.

3. An Act for granting a supply to her Majesty by several Duties imposed upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry.

4. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders.

5. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by Sale of several Annuities at the Exchequer, for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

6. An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

7. An Act for explaining and making effectual a late Statute concerning the Haven and Piers of the Borough of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights and Privileges of the said Borough.

8. An Act for Explanation of a Clause in one Act made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, relating to Borelaps, and to take off the additional Subsidy upon Irish Linen.

9. An Act for punishing of Accessaries to Felonies, and receivers of stolen Goods, and to prevent the wilful burning and destroying of Ships.

10. An Act for the better repairing and amending the Highways from the North End of Thornwood Common, to Woodford in the County of Essex.

11. An Act for making the River Chain alias Grant, in the County of Cambridge, more navigable, from Clayhithe Ferry, to the Queen's Mill, in the University and Town of Cambridge.

12. An Act for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of St. Paul, London.

13. An Act for continuing former Acts for exporting Leather, and for Ease of Jurors, and for reviving and making more effectual an Act relating to Vagrants.

14. An Act for the encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for the better preventing the running of French and Foreign Brandy.

15. An Act for granting to her Majesty several Subsidies for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

16. An Act for punishing Officers and Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert her Majesty's Service in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England.

17. An Act for enlarging the Time for taking the Oath of Abjuration; and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons as have not taken the same by the Time limited, and shall take the same by a Time to be appointed; and for the further Security of her Majesty's person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

18. An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom.

19. An Act for taking, examining, and stating the publick Accounts of the Kingdom.

20. An Act for reviving and continuing the late Acts for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

21. An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for vesting such as remain unsold by the present Trustees, in her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for such Uses as the same were before vested in the said Trustees; for the more effectual selling and settling the said Estates to Protestants; and for explaining several Acts relating to the Lord Bophin, and Sir Edmund Everard.

22. An Act for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

23. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand seven hundred and three, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

24. An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker, to account for such Sums of publick Money as have been received by him.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for rectifying a Mistake in a late Act, intituled, An Act to enable Sir Robert Marsham, Knight and Baronet, to dispose of Lands in Hertfordshire, and to settle other Lands of better Value in Kent, to the same Uses as the Lands in Hertfordshire are settled.

2. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of William Peachy, Esq; deceased, for Payment of Legacies charged thereupon.

3. An Act for settling diverse Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments, the Estate of Henry Duke of Beaufort, according to Agreements made upon his Marriage, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

4. An Act to vest diverse Lands and Tenements of Sir Thomas Brograve, Bart, in the County of Hertford, in Trustees, to be sold, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in liu thereof.

5. An Act for giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his successors, to make Leases of certain Houses and Ground in and near Chancery Lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester.

6. An Act to enable Sir Edward Williams to sell certain Manors and Lands in the Counties of Brecon and Radnorshire, for Payment of Debts.

7. An Act for the better collecting the Duties granted for making the Way out of Chancery Lane into Lincoln's Inn Fields, and for determining the said Duties when the Parties concerned are paid.

8. An Act to enable the surviving Trustees and Executors of the last Will and Testament of Thomas Fane, Esq; deceased, to pay an Annuity unto Mildmay Fane, Esq; for his Maintenance and Education, until he shall attain his Age of one and twenty Years.

9. An Act to enable Richard Lord Bulkeley Viscount Cashels in the Kingdom of Ireland, and Richard Bulkeley, Esq; his Son, to make a Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Richard Bulkeley.

10. An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition made by Sir Edmund Fowler, Knight, and Dame Anne his Wife, and Elizabeth Buggin, Widow, of certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, in the Year one thousand six hundred thirty-four.

11. An Act for the incorporating certain Persons, for the better providing for, and setting at Work the Poor in the City of Gloucester.

12. An Act to enable Andrew Hackett, Esq; to dispose of several Messuages and Lands in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield, for making provision for his younger Children, upon settling another Estate in Stroxton in the County of Lincoln, of better Value, to the same Uses as the Messuages and Lands in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and City of Litchfield were settled.

13. An Act for making Provision for the younger Children of Jonathan Castleman of Coubertly in the County of Gloucester, Esq; and for supplying an omission in his father's Will of a Power for making Leases.

14. An Act to enable William Coleman, Esq; and others, to make Sale of Lands for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of William Stawell, deceased,

15. An Act for the vesting of the several Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Essex, late belonging to John Cowper, Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for better Payment of his Debts and Legacies charged thereupon.

16. An Act for the better settling the Real and Personal Estate of John Goddard, Esq; deceased, to and for the Benefit of John Goddard his Son, Mary Goddard his Daughter, Infants, during their Minority.

17. An Act for confirming the Division of a Third Part of the Manor of Burton Dasset in the County of Warwick, heretofore made by the Owners thereof.

18. An Act to enable the Executrix of James Hoare, Esq; deceased, to pay a Sum of Money in Discharge of a Trust in her reposed by his Will.

19. An Act to enable Charles Aldworth, Esq; to sell Lands and Tenements for Payment of his Father's Debts, and his Sisters Portions.

20. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Charles Morris, Esq; for the Payment of debts charged thereupon, and for the making Provision for his younger Children.

21. An Act for the better improving a certain Piece of Ground in the Parish of St. Martin in the Fields, for the Use of the Poor, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act to enable the Devisees of James Supple, and all claiming under them, to make Leases for the Improvement of the Estate devised.

23. An Act concerning the Exchange of certain Lands lying in or near Brampton in the County of Northampton, for Lands lying in or near Wickham in the County of Lincoln.

24. An Act for the better Execution of the Will of John Loane, Esq; deceased, and for Sale of Part of his Estate to pay his Debts and Legacies for preserving the Residue thereof.

25. An Act for Sale of diverse Lands in the County of Kildare, and Kingdom of Ireland (being the Estate of Agmondisham Vesey, Esq; and his two Daughters, Anne Vesey, and Henrietta Vesey) for the paying of Debts, and clearing Incumbrances charged thereon, and also for empowering the said Agmondisham Vesey to make Leases for any Term, not exceeding one and twenty Years.

26. An Act for Sale of several Estates for Payment of Debts charged thereupon, and for disposing of the Residue of the Money at Interest, for the Benefit of Giles Loane, and other Infants, pursuant to their Father's Will.

27. An Act to enable John Arderne, Esq; to pay his father's Debts, and make Provision for his Brothers and Sister.

28. An Act for raising fifteen hundred Pounds by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance for the younger Children of Philip Caldicott, Esq;

29. An Act for charging the Estate, late of Thomas Lyster, Esq; deceased, with Maintenances for his nine younger Children.

30. An Act for setting aside a Settlement, in order that William Butler may have a good Conveyance of Lands from Raphael Whistler, according to the Articles agreed on.

31. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Tenements of Edward Owen of Eaton Mascot in the County of Salop, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts.

32. An Act for vesting certain Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments of Toby Hodson the Elder, Esq; a Lunatic, in Trustees, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for himself, his Wife, and only Son.

33. An Act for naturalising Nicholas Wayfoort, Peter L. Blanc, and Jacob Sanderfelt.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 2 Annae.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and four.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year.

3. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's occasions, by selling Annuities, at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or Estates as are therein mentioned;

4. An Act for the public registring of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and four.

5. An Act to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the Citizens of the City of York from disposing of their Personal Estates by their Wills, as others inhabiting within the Province of York by that Act may do.

6. An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and Security of the Coal Trade.

7. An Act for enlarging the Term of Years granted by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament, held in the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William III for the Repair of Dover Plarbour.

8. An Act for the erecting a Workhouse in the City of Worcester, and for setting the Poor on Work there.

9. An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage for three Years; and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines condemned as lawful Prize; and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported from the East indies.

10. An Act to enlarge the Time for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to make the Payments of their purchase money.

11. An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity the Revenues of the first Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other persons to make Grants for the same Purpose.

12. An Act for the raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and four, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

13. An Act for prolonging the Time by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing Thrown Silk of the Growth of Sicily from Leghorn

14. An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt.

15. An Act for the better and more regular paying and assigning the Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Cent, per Ann. payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them.

16. An Act for the discharging out of Prison such insolvent Debtors as shall serve, or procure a Person to serve, in her Majesty's Fleet or Army.

17. An Act for the better charging several Accountants with Interest Monies by them received, and to be received.

18. An Act for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament in relation to Persons in publick Offices.

19. An Act for raising Recruits for the Land Forces, and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation, during the present War.

20. An Act for punishing Mutiny, Desertion, and false Musters, and for better paying of the Army and Quarters, and for satisfying diverse Arrears, and for a further Continuance of the Powers of the five Commissioners for examining and determining the Accounts of the Army.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for naturalising Elizabeth Cholmondeley, Wife of George Cholmondeley, Esq;

2. An Act to enable the Guardian of the Earl of Warwick and Holland, during his Minority, to make Leases of several Messuages in or near West Smithfield.

3. An Act for settling and confirming several Exchanges with Ralph Earl of Montague, of several Lands and Common of Simon Motion, and others, lying in Geddington, in the County of Northampton, for several Lands of the said Earl's, lying near to the same, and for confirming several Agreements relating to the said Exchanges.

4. An Act for confirming the Execution of a certain Agreement made between Ralph Lord Grey, Baron of Werke, and Charles Lord Ossulstone and the Lady Mary his Wife, touching certain Manors, Lands, and Tenements, in the Counties of Northumberland, Middlesex, and City of London, and also between Laurence Earl of Rochester, and the said Lord Grey, concerning other Manors, Lands, and tenements, in the said County of Northumberland, County Palatine of Durham, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed.

5. An Act for vesting several Estates in the Counties of Cornwall, and Devon, and several Leasehold Estates, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Portions for the younger Children of George Lord Carteret, deceased, and for laying out the Overplus of the Money raised by such Sales, in Purchase of other Lands.

6. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Henry Lord Viscount Dillon in the Kingdom of Ireland, for Payment of his Debts:, and for settling an Equivalent in other Part of his Estate on the Viscountess his Wife, for her Jointure.

7. An Act to enable Sir George Wheeler, Knight, and Doctor in Divinity, to make Leases of some Houses and Ground in Chanon Row in Westminster.

8. An Act to enable Sir John Astley, Baronet, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage, during his Minority, and to enable him to buy in any rent charge, or other Incumbrance upon his Estate.

9. An Act for confirming and better Execution of Articles, and the Agreements therein contained, for the Disposition and Division of the Estate of the late Lord Jermyn, among his Coheirs.

10. An Act for supplying the Defect of the Execution of a Power in Sir John Ivory, Knight, deceased, for making, Provision for his younger Children.

11. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Tipping, Baronet, to sell the Manor of Ickford in the County of Rucks, for Payment of a Debt charged thereon, and laying out the Surplus Money in purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

12. An Act to discharge the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword-blades in England, of the Sum of eighteen thousand eight hundred sixty four Pounds, seven Shillings, and one Penny halfpenny, by Mistake overcharged in the purchase money, for several forfeited: and other estates and interests in Ireland, purchased by them.

13. An Act for vesting several Estates of Sir Charier Bickerstaffe, Knight, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Daughter.

14. An Act for Sale of certain Lands in Charwelton, in the County of Northampton, of William Adams, Clerk, for Payment of Debts, and of Portions to his younger Brothers and Sisters, and settling other Lands of greater Value upon his Wife and Children in lieu thereof.

15. An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Leigh, late of Ridge in the County of Chester, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, for the Payment of his Debts, perfecting his Purchases, and better effecting the Purposes in his Will.

16. An Act for the making void certain Uses, Estates, and Trusts, limited in the Marriage Settlement of Henry Awdley, Esq; of certain Manors and Lands contained in that Settlement, and settling other Manors and Lands of better Value, to and for the same Uses, Estates, and Trusts.

17. An Act to enable Robert Cawdron, Esq; to settle Part of his Estate (which he has improved) for raising Portions for his younger Children.

18. An Act for vesting Lands in Essex, devised by Sir Robert Kemp, Knight, deceased, to the Children, and Grand Children of Elizabeth Outlaw, one of his Sisters and Coheirs, in Trustees, to be sold for the benefit, of the Devisees.

19. An Act for the vesting of nine Messuages in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, being the Estate of William Jarmin and Mary his wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and for settling in lieu thereof a Messuage, and certain Lands in Whipsnade, Totternhoe, and Studham, in the County of Bedford.

20. An Act to enable John Jenkins, Esq; to sell Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon.

21. An Act for vesting in Trustees Part of the Estate of Thomas Harlackenden Bows, Esq; for Payment of the debts and Legacies wherewith the said Estate is charged, and for preserving the Residue clear of Charges for the benefit of Thomas Bows, Esq; an Infant.

22. An Act to enable Arabella Foot to lay out Monies belonging to her Son Topham Foot, in Purchases of Lands for his Benefit.

23. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with John Ferrer, Esq; for a Debt due from him as Surety for John Mason, Gent. late Receiver General for the County of Cambridge and Isle of Ely.

24. An Act for the vesting the Manor of Michael Church, in the County of Radnor, and other Lands in the County of Salop, of Mary Bowdler, and William Bowdler, Gent. in certain Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts, and making Provision for the younger Children of the said William Bowdler.

25. An Act for settling the Manor of Creech in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to enable them to renew Leases for the Maintenance of the younger Sons of William Keyt, Esq; deceased, during their Minority.

26. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of John Held, Gent. and Robert Held, his Son, for Payment of their Debts, and for disposing of younger Children Apprentices.

27. An Act for naturalising Isaac Kops.

28. An Act for naturalising Rene Rance, Matthew Decker, and others.

29. An Act for naturalising Henry Boisrond de St. Leger, Peter la Grange, Lewis Wadden, and others.

30. An Act to vest the Manor of Hanslop, and Castlethrop, and all other the Lands and Hereditaments of Sir Peter Tyrrel Baronet, and Thomas Tyrrel Esq; his Son, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to sell Part thereof for Payment of Debts, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments there, being of an equal Value, in lieu of Lands to be sold.

31. An Act to enable Sir John Cowper Knight, and Anthony Henley, Esq, to make a Partition, and grant Building Leases of several Messuages and Tenements in Lincolns Inn Fields, in the Parishes of St. Giles in the Fields, and St. Clement Danes, in the County of Middlesex.

32. An Act to vest Part of the Estate of Sir Christopher Phillipson Knight, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and for charging Part thereof with Maintenance for a Daughter who is a Lunatic.

33. An Act for vesting the Manor of Yeovilton, in the County of Somerset, and other Lands therein mentioned, of William Carry Esq; in Trustees, for discharging Incumbrances, and making Provision for his younger Children, and settling other Lands in the County of Devon in lieu thereof.

34. An Act for vesting diverse Manors and Lands of Matthew Hollworthy Esq; in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors or Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Manors or Lands to be purchased to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited

35. An Act for enabling Bernard Cotton Esq; to sell some part of his Estate for Payment of his Debts, and for confirming several Conveyances already made of several other Parcels of his Estate by himself and Trustees, to several Purchasers thereof.

36. An Act to charge the Estate of Ambrose Andrews Gent. with Monies for Payment of Debts, and for supplying some Defects in the Settlement of the said Estate, for making a Jointure and Leases upon the said Estate.

37. An Act to establish and confirm a Partition and Agreement of and touching the Estate of Sir Thomas Style, late of Wateringbury, in the County of Kent, Baronet.

38. An Act for settling the Estate of Dr. Thomas Lamplugh, deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Articles and settle ment prepared for that Purpose, and for Provision for his younger Children.

39. An Act for the better vesting in Giles Frumpton Esq; the Manor and Farm of Moorton alias Moreton, and Hurst, in the County of Dorset, in Possession, and for the better securing the same, and the other Manors, Farms, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, late of William Frampton Esq; deceased, to him the said Giles Frampton, and such as are intituled in Remainder after him, upon the Death of Tregonwell Brampton Esq;

40. An Act to enable George Evelyn to raise Portions for his Brothers and Sisters, according to his father's Will.

41. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Torr Gent. deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Part thereof to the Uses therein mentioned.

42. An Act to subject the Estate of Robert Coke of Trusly, in the County of Derby Esq; and William Coke, his Son and Heir Apparent, to the Payment of the said Robert Coke's Debts, and to make Provision for the Wife and younger Children of the said William Coke.

43. An Act for the setting aside a voluntary Settlement made by Mary Fermour, Widow, and for ratifying a Partition made of the Manors of Mersham and Pett, and diverse Lands in the County of Sussex, between her and Bartholomew Walmesly Esq; and others.

44. An Act for the Improvement of the Estate of John Brisco in the County of Cumberland.

45. An Act for making good the Provision intended for Captain James Roch, out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for restoring to the Bishoprick of Cloyne in the said Kingdom the Manor and Lands of Donomore.

46. An Act for setting aside voluntary Settlements made by John Hawe Gent. of Estates in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and settling some Part of his Estate upon the said John Hawe, and his Son, and for making Provision for the Maintenance of his Son and Daughter, and raising a Portion for such Daughter, and selling the Residue for Payment of his Debts.

47. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Digby Esq; deceased, in the County of Buckingham, and dividing the Money between Sir John Conway Baronet, and Richard Mostyn Esq; and for settling the Estate of Sir John Conway, in the County of Flint, and making Provision for his Son and Daughter, according to an Agreement for that Purpose.

48. An Act for the further Recompensing of John Baker Gent. and his Family, for the Service of Col. Baker at Londonderry in Ireland, and for stating the Accounts of the late Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

49. An Act, that the Ships, the Golden Scar and Bull, being taken as Prize, and condemned, may have Freedom of trading as English Ships.

50. An Act to naturalise Daniel Barbier, John Kerron du Chesne, and others.

51. An Act for naturalising Henry de Hant, George Chabot, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 3 & 4 Annae.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and five.

2. An Act for raising Monies by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War.

3. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year.

4. An Act for continuing Duties upon Low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins; and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Calicoes, China Ware, and Drugs.

5. An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines, and Merchandizes imported.

6. An Act for the better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed to her Majesty and the Public.

7. An Act for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers that may arise from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

8. An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations, and to prohibit the Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland.

9. An Act for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange.

10. An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America.

11. An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and five.

12. An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, a Bankrupt, and for the apprehending of him, and the Discovery of the Effects of the said Thomas Pitkin, and his Accomplices.

13. An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France.

14. An Act to prevent all traitorous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies.

15. An Act for the Relief of Fulke Emes Gent. and others, who had elapsed their Times, either for paying their Money, or naming their Nominees, for purchasing Annuities; and also for Relief of Sir John Mead Knight and Baronet, who had elapsed his Time for paying Part of his purchase money for a forfeited Estate in Ireland, and also for Relief of Dorothy Ireland, and others, in Respect of several Tickets for Payment of Annuities, and of several Million Lottery, and Malt Lottery Tickets, and Exchequer Bills, and Debentures to Army, which have been burnt or lost.

16. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters; and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

17. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and five, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

18. An Act for making perpetual an Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes; and also an Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands in Coparcenary, Joint-tenancy, and Tenancy in Common; and also for making more effectual and amending several Acts relating to the Return of Jurors.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for settling the Right of several Parcels of Land, and other Tenements, and of certain Fishings, and Tithes of Fishings, in the Society of the Governor and Assistants, London, of the new Plantation in Ulster, within the Realm of Ireland, and their Successors; and for settling a Rent Charge of 250l, per Annum upon the Lord Bishop of Derry, and his Successors for ever.

2. An Act for naturalising Thomas Levingston, Viscount Teviott in the Kingdom of Scotland.

3. An Act for naturalising Louise Marie Cresset, the Wife of James Cresset, Esq;

4. An Act to enable Thomas Pile, Esq; and Elizabeth Freke, to make Leases for Lives of the Estate of Thomas Freke of Iwerne Courtney, Esq; deceased, as also the Son of George Pitt, Esq; so to do, when intituled, and in actual Possession of the Premisses; and that he may be enabled to make a Jointure upon any Woman he shall marry, out of the same; and for establishing a School in Iwerne Courtney, and augmenting the Vicarage of Corne Abbas, in the County of Dorset.

5. An Act to enable Agnes Hacche, Widow; and other Trustees, to make Leases, and sell Lands, in the County of Devon, for Payment, of the Debts and Legacies of Robert Hacche, Esq; deceased and for the Maintenance and Advancement of his Daughters Portions.

6. An Act for confirming an Agreement between the Executors of Moses Gould, Esq; deceased, and his Relict, for Payment of the Debts and Maintenance of the younger Children of the said Moses Gould, and for settling other Part of his Estate.

7. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Daniel Drake, Gent. deceased, for the Provision of his Widow and Children, according to his Will.

8. An Act for naturalising Henry Bowman.

9. An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Manors and Lands of William Duke of Devonshire, and William Cavendish, commonly called Marquis of Hartington, to enable them to mortgage the same for Payment of Debts, and subject thereunto to settle the same to the like Uses, as the same are now settled.

10. An Act to enable the Right Honourable John Lord Powlet, and Bridget Lady Powlet, his Wife, with the Consent of their Trustees, to sell their Shares and interest of and in certain Manors and Lands in the County of Kent, and to purchase other Lands or hereditaments of the like Value, to be settled to the same Uses.

11. An Act to vest the Estate of Charles Lord Howard, Baron of Escrick, in Trustees, to sell the same for Payment of his Debts.

12. An Act for Sale of several Estates in England and Ireland, for Payment of the Debts of Charles late Earl of Burlington and Cork.

13. An Act for confirming an Agreement made by certain Articles by and between John Earl, of Kildare, Richard Lord Bellow, both of the Kingdom of Ireland, and Frances his Lady, Charlotte Countess of Newburgh of the Kingdom of Scotland, and William Rowley, Esq; and for selling Part of the Estate of the said Earl of Kildare, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for Confirmation of an Agreement made between Thomas late Lord Bishop of Carlisle, and Thomas Cook, Esq; for vesting the Rectory of Melborne, in the County of Derby, in the said Thomas Cook and his Heirs, upon Augmentation of the Rents to the Bishoprick of Carlisle, and of the Stipend to the Vicar of Melborne.

15. An Act for Sale of several Manors and Lands in the counties of Hereford, Radnor, and Brecon, for Payment of the Debts of Richard and Thomas Williams, late of Cabalva in the County of Radnor, Esquires, deceased.

16. An Act for vesting in Trustees all the Estate of Baldwin Malett, Esq; and William Malett, his Son and Heir apparent, for Payment of the Debts of the said Baldwin Malett to her Majesty, as he was Receiver General for for the County of Somerset, and City and County of the City of Bristol, and for settling the Residue on the said William Malett, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, as by Agreement between the said Baldwin Malett and William Malett.

17. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esq; as one of the sureties of Thomas Cobb, Gent. deceased, Receiver General for the County of Southampton, and Isle of Wight.

18. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with John Drake, John Hunton, and Edmund Cocke, as Sureties for Augustine Briggs, Receiver General for the County of Norfolk and City of Norwich.

19. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury to compound with Sir Michael Biddulph, Baronet, as he was one of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esq; Receiver General for the Counties of Chester and North Wales.

20. An Act for settling of the Tithes of certain Lands in Francton, in the County of Warwick, upon Simon Biddulph, Baronet, and his Heirs, and for settling a Rent charge in lieu thereof, upon the present Rector there, and his Successors for ever.

21. An Act for the Augmentation of the Vicarage of Gainsborough, in the County of Lincoln.

22. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Thomas Whitley, Esq; as he was one of the Sureties for Morgan Whitley, Esq; late Receiver General for the Counties of Chester and North Wales.

23. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Ambrose Scudamore, Esq; deceased, for Payment of the mortgage money and Debts thereupon, and placing out the overplus Money to the Uses therein mentioned.

24. An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Tenements in Heston in the County of Middlesex, late the Estate of Matthew Lister and his Wife, and Timothy Whitfield and, his Wife, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act to enable James Lockart, Esq; and his Wife, to sell certain lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, late of Sir Thomas Luckin, Baronet, deceased, for Payment of their Debts, and to purchase other Lands with the Overplus of the Money, to be settled to like Uses.

26. An Act for raising Money by a Mortgage of a Plantation in the Barbadoes, to pay the Debts of Robert Hooper.

27. An Act for sale of Part of the Estate of Edward Baines, Gent. for discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and making Provision for his Daughters.

28. An Act for severing and disuniting the Church or Chapel of Horne, from the Church or Chapel of Blechingley, in the County of Surrey.

29. An Act to enable Trustees to raise Money to pay the Debts of Marie Delves, Esq; deceased.

30. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Thomas Goddard of Rudlow, in the County of Wilts, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling the Overplus upon Ambrose Goddard, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

31. An Act for Sale of several lands and Hereditaments of George Nodes, Esq; in the County of Hertford, for Payment of his Debts, and the Debts of George Nodes, Esq; Father, deceased, charged thereupon.

32. An Act to enable Joseph Hinxman of North Hinton, in the County of Southampton, Esq; to sell some Estates in Andover, in the said County; and for the settling other Estates in Christ Church Twineham in the said County, of a better Value, to the same Uses.

33. An Act for Sale of several Lands in the Counties of Durham and Northumberland, late of Patricius Grow, Esq; deceased, for the raising the Portions charged, thereupon for his younger Children.

34. An Act for vesting an estate mortgaged in Fee by Thomas Burr, to Anthony Tomkins (now an Infant) in Trustees, to reconvey the same to the said Thomas Burr, or as he shall appoint, upon Payment of all the Monies due on the said Mortgage.

35. An Act for confirming and making good the last Will, and Testament of Hugh Nanney, Esq; deceased.

36. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with John Mason, Gent. who was Receiver General for the County, University, and Town of Cambridge, and Isle of Ely; and also with John Pickering, Silkman, one of the said John Mason's Sureties, as he was such Receiver.

37. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Charles Bludworth, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

38. An Act for vesting the Estate late of Thomas Guy, Gent. deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

39. An Act to enable John Procter, of Rock in the County of Northumberland, Esq; to sell or otherwise dispose of his Lands in Shawdon, Shawdon Woodhouse, and Crawley, upon settling Lands of like Value in the said County, in lieu thereof.

40. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Sands, Esq; in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, and raising a Portion for his Daughter.

41. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Richard Ball, in Little Appleby and Great Appleby, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, and for laying out so much of the Money as will purchase another Estate of equal Value, to be settled to the same Uses, and the Residue in making Provision for younger Children.

42. An Act to enable Edmund Waller, Esq; to charge his Estate (not settled on his Wife in Jointure) with a Sum of Money for Payment of his Debts.

43. An Act for raising Money for Payment of the Debts of Thomas Hatcher, Esq; by Sale or Mortgage of some Part of his Estate, and for the better Execution of several Powers in his Marriage Settlement.

44. An Act to enable John Green, of Gavellacre in the County of Southampton, Clerk, to sell some Estates in Hackleston, in the County of Wilts; and for the settling other Estates in Gavellacre, in the County of Southampton, of a better Value, to the same Uses.

45. An Act to naturalise Margarita Cecilia Cadogan, Wife of Brigadier General Cadogan, Gilbert Alfleck, and John Herman Louis.

46. An Act for enabling Trustees to make Leases of Part of the Manor of Dingley, and Lands there, for Payment of the Debts of James Gryphon, Esq; and raising Portions for younger Children.

47. An Act for the better Explanation of the Settlement of the Estate of William Trafford, Gent. and Clare his Wife, and William their eldest Son, and for making more effectual a Provision for younger Children, according to Agreements between them.

48. An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and capital Messuage of Latchford, with the Appurtenances, and diverse Freehold messuages, Farms, and Lands, in Latchford and Hasely, in the County of Oxon, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon.

49. An Act to enable William Cavendish, Esq; to make a Settlement in Jointure upon any Wife he shall marry, and for the better raising the Portions charged upon his Estate, and for confirming Infranchisements of several Copyhold Estates made by his Father, within the Manor of Dovebridge in the Counties of Stafford and Derby.

50. An Act to enable Sir George Warburton, Baronet, to sell the Manor or Lordship of Pulford in the County of Chester, to perform an Agreement made upon his Marriage for Payment of several Portions charged upon his Estate; also to pay some Debts which his Father had Power to charge.

51. An Act for Sale of several Lands and chattel Estates, in the County of Devon, and City and County of Exon, of Joseph Price, for Payment of his Debts and Legacies charged upon his Estate, and for a Provision for himself, his Wife, and Family.

52. An Act to naturalise Andrew Girardot, alias Devermenoux, Francis Buzelin, and others.

53. An Act to make some Alterations and Amendments in an Act of Parliament obtained the last Session by Sir Peter Tyrrill, and Thomas Tyrrill his Son, in order to enable them to sell several Lands in Hanslop, and Castlethrop, in the County of Bucks, which were settled upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Tyrrill and Dorothy his Wife, and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

54. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Baptist May, Esq; deceased, for reimbursing Charles May, Esq; his Nephew, such Monies as he has expended for discharging the Debts, Legacies, and Funeral Expenses of the said Baptist May.

55. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Thomas Holdford, Esq; in Plumbly, and elsewhere, in the County of Chester, consisting chiefly in Reversions, to raise Money for Payment of his Debts, and purchasing an Estate in Possession, to be settled to the same Uses as the other Estate was settled.

56. An Act for confirming a Lease heretofore made, of certain Messuages and Lands in Epsom, by Sir Joseph Sheldon, and Sir James Edwards, to Humphry Bean, and agreed to be assigned to Sir Thomas Cooke, Knight, and for enabling a Lease of other Lands adjoining to the same, to be made to him.

57. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Estate late of Sir Thomas Worsopp, Knight, and John Worsopp, Esq; his Son, deceased, in Finsbury fields, or Moorfields, in the Parish of Shoreditch, in the County of Middlesex, to be sold for the Payment of Debts and Legacies, and the Overplus of the Money remaining, to be laid out for the purchasing of Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments of Inheritance in the Kingdom of Ireland, to be settled as in the Act is particularly mentioned.

58. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Thomas Kenyon, Executor of Luke Lloyd, Esq; as he was one of the Sureties of Morgan Whitley, Esq; as he was Receiver General for the Counties of Chester and North Wales.

59. An Act for vesting the Estate of Joseph Grainge, and Elizabeth his Wife, in Trustees, to be sold, and to dispose of Part of the Money arising by such Sale for the Maintenance of the said Elizabeth, pursuant to their Marriage Settlement, and to apply the Residue to the Payment of the Debts of the said Joseph Grainge.

60. An Act to enable Trustees to sell such Part of the Estate of Richard Lister, Esq; and Frances Pate Lister, his Wife, sole Daughter and Heir of Sir Thomas Smith, Baronet, deceased, in the County of Chester, and City of Chester, as remains unsold, in order to raise Money for the Payment of the Debts of the said Sir Thomas Smith, and for Portions for younger Children of the said Frances Pate Lister; and for applying the Overplus in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as they are now settled; and likewise for confirming such Leases and Sales as have been made towards a Discharge of the said Debts.

61. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Michael Wicks, Esq; late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 4 & 5 Annae.

1. AN Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present parliament for naturalising the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

2. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and six.

3. An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute made in the third and fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

4. An Act for the Naturalisation of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

5. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six.

6. An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Uses therein mentioned.

7. An Act for making the Town of New Ross, in the County of Wexford in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting of Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom.

8. An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line.

9. An Act for repairing the Highways between Barnhill and Hatton Heath, in the County of Chester.

10. An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army and Marines.

11. An Act for continuing an Act made in the Session held in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

12. An Act for laying further Duties on Low Wines, and for preventing the Damage to her Majesty's Revenue by Importation of foreign cut Whalebone, and for making some Provisions as to the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials, and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets, and for enabling her Majesty to dispose the effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and for appropriating the public Monies granted in this Session of Parliament.

13. An Act for the better ordering and governing the Watermen and Lightermen upon the River of Thames.

14. An Act for the better collecting Charity Money on Briefs, by Letters Patent, and preventing Abuses in relation to such Charities.

15. An Act for making the River Stower navigable, from the own of Maningtree in the County of Essex, to the Town of Sudbury in the County of Suffolk,

16. An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

17. An Act to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts.

18. An Act for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Parton in the County of Cumberland.

19. An Act for the Encouragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier Manning her Majesty's Fleet.

20. An Act for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of Trinity House, to rebuild the Lighthouse on the Edystone Rock.

21. An Act for the Increase and better Preservation of Salmon, and other Fish, in the Rivers within the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.

22. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue out of the Monies arising by the Coinage Duty, any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, over and above the Sum of three thousand Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint.

23. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, notwithstanding the Month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Monies.

24. An Act to enlarge the Time for registring unsatisfied Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for renewing of other Debentures, which have been lost, burnt, or destroyed.

25. An Act for the paying and clearing the several Regiments commanded by Lieutenant General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, and for supplying the Defect of the Muster Rolls of those and several other Regiments.

26. An Act for making effectual a Grant of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of the Town and Lands of Sea Town to the Archbishopric of Dublin, and for restoring the same to the said See.

27. An Act for the impropriate Tithes of the Parish of Saint Bridget alias Bride's, London.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for Sale of the Estate late of Thomas Chute, Esq; in the County of Warwick, and laying out the Monies arising thereby, in the Purchase of other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Norfolk, to be settled to the same Uses as the Warwickshire Estate stands settled.

2. An Act for naturalising William Burnet, Esq;

3. An Act for naturalising Peter Silvestre, Doctor of Physick.

4. An Act for naturalising Adelaide Duchess of Shrewsbury.

5. An Act for exchanging the Parsonage House, and certain Glebe Lands belonging to the Rectory of Watton at Stone in the County of Hertford, for a certain other House and Lands of greater Value, lying in Watton at Stone aforesaid, of and belonging to Philip Boteler, Esq;

6. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Cave, Baronet, to sell certain Lands in the County of Northampton, to raise Money to pay his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and settle other Lands in the said County of Northampton, and County of Leicester, of better Value, to the same Uses.

7. An Act for confirming an Agreement made upon the Marriage of Charles Owen, Esq; and Dorothy his Wife, of Nash in the County of Pembroke.

8. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esq; a Minor, for Payment of his Debts, and for raising Portions for younger Children, and for making Fee Farms, and Leases for Lives, during his Minority.

9. An Act for supplying a Defect (by the Death of a Trustee) in the Appointment of Provisions for the younger Children of Henry Smalman, Esq; deceased, and for making the said Provision more effectual for such younger Children.

10. An Act to enable John Edwards, Gentleman, to sell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, for Payment of Debts.

11. An Act to permit the making up of Clothes with Buttons of Cloth, for Exportation, for clothing the Army of the Allies, notwithstanding the Act against Cloth Buttons.

12. An Act for the Relief of Sir Stephen Evence, Knight, and Henry Cornish, Esq;

13. An Act for Relief of John Asgill, Esq; in relation to his Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

14. An Act for naturalising William Lewis Legrand.

15. An Act for the Relief of Colonel Samuel Tenner.

16. An Act for naturalising Jacob Pechillis and others.

17. An Act for enabling James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, to settle Fee Farm Rents in the County of Tipperary in the Kingdom of Ireland, pursuant to an Agreement upon the Marriage of the said Earl of Arran, and for making good several Grants made by the said Earl in Fee Farm.

18. An Act for vesting the Inheritance of a Message and Gardens in Acton, in the County of Middlesex, purchased by the Right Honourable Evelyn Earl of Kingston upon Hull, in Trustees, for the said Earl and his Heirs.

19. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Will of Edward late Earl of Conway, under the Seal of the Court of Chancery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the depositions relating to the same, Evidence on Hearings in Equity and Trial at Law.

20. An Act to enable Scrape Lord Viscount Howe of the Kingdom of Ireland, to make a certain Provision for his Daughters by his first Wife, that which was intended, being, as expressed in Marriage Settlement, uncertain and contingent.

21. An Act to enlarge the power of Richard Lord Bulkeley, Viscount Cashells in the Kingdom of Ireland, of leasing his Estate in Cheshire, for Performance and Satisfaction of the Trusts upon the said Estate.

22. An Act for Sale of Part of the estate of Henry Lord Coleraine, Baron of Coleraine in the Kingdom of Ireland and supplying the Want of Inrollment of a Deed concerning other Part of his Estate.

23. An Act for the supplying the Defect of a common Recovery, suffered by Philip Smith, Esq; Viscount Strangford of the Kingdom of Ireland, and George Smith, Esq; his eldest Son, and of the Deed which declared the Uses of the said Recovery.

24. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Temple Dionisley, alias Dinsley, and other Lands in the County of Hertford, for the Payment of the Debts of Sir Edwin Sadlier, Baronet; and other Purposes.

25. An Act to enable Sir John Humble, Baronet, and his Trustees, to settle several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, lying in the Counties of Lincoln, Surrey, and Kent, pursuant to the Articles and Agreements made upon his Marriage with Dame Sarah his now Wife.

26. An Act for vesting the Estate of Richard Bold, Esq; in Trustees, to be leased, sold, or mortgaged, for raising the Portions, Debts, and Monies to which the same is liable.

27. An Act for vesting certain Terms for forty Years, in Trustees, which were granted by John Abington, Esq; deceased, and to impower them to grant, renew, and fill up Leases, according to the Usage of the Manor therein mentioned, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said John Abington.

28. An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Lands and Tenements lying in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of John Digby Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to the Intent that the same may he sold for the discharging of the Mortgages and other Incumbrances thereon.

29. An Act to impower Thomas Carey, and George Hatley, of London, Merchants, to import the Remainder of a Quantity of French Wines from Copenhagen, contracted for before the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and four.

30. An Act to enable Trustees to make Provision for Payment of Debts of Willliam Huggesen, Esq; and for raising Portions for his younger sons, and for making good the intended Settlement upon the Marriage of William Huggesen the younger, Gent.

31. An Act for Sale of Lands in the Counties of Southampton and Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas Dean, Esq, for Payment of the Debts and Legacies charged thereupon, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

32. An Act for Augmenting the Number of Canons residentiary, in the Cathedral Church of Litchfield, and for improving the Deanery and Prebends of the said Cathedral.

33. An Act for Relief of Non Commission Officers and Private Soldiers of the Lord Drogheda's and Colonel Coot's Regiments.

34. An Act for Sale of the Manor and Estate of and in Hethersedge and Door in the County of Derby, the Estate of Christopher Pegg, Esq; and mortgaging Part of his Manor and Estate of and in Beauchiff and Strawberry Lee in the same County, for raising Money for Payment of Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and for making provision for his Family.

35. An Act to enable William Gomeldon, Esq; to sell a Farm in Kent, to discharge an Incumbrance upon the same, and to apply the Residue of the Monies arising by such Sale, in Payment of the said William Gomeldon's Debts.

36. An Act for vesting a Mortgage of Humphrey Courtney, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold to discharge the Mortgages, Debts and Incumbrances on the said Estate.

37. An Act for vesting, in Trustees, the Estate of Morris Goulston, Esq; for the raising his Sisters Portions, and Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

38. An Act for vesting certain Messuages and Lands in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, of Nicholas Row, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold, and applying the greatest Part of the purchase money to the Uses of his marriage Settlement, and the Residue for Payment of Debts.

39. An Act for the Relief of Colonel John Rice.

40. An Act for the removing all Doubts touching the saving Clause of one Act of Parliament, intituled An act for vesting diverse Manors and Lands of Matthew Holworthy, Esq, in Trustees, to be sold, and purchasing other Manors or Lands of equal Value, and limiting the Manors or Lands to be purchased to the same Uses, as the Lands to be sold are limited.

41. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Barwick Hall, and other Lands in the County of Essex, the Estate of William Forbes, Esq; and for purchasing other Lands to be settled to the same Uses

42. An Act to vest certain Lands and Tenements in the Counties of Kent, the Estate of Richard Thornhill, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of Debts, and his Sister's Portions charged thereupon, and for securing the Residue of the purchase money, to the Uses of his Marriage Settlement.

43. An Act to enable John Brett Fisher, Esq; and Judith his Wife, to sell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Wife and Children, in Case they shall have any.

44. An Act to enable John Williams, an Infant, notwithstanding his Infancy, to renew a Lease of the Parsonage of Bugden, held under one of the Prebendaries of the Cathedral Church of Lincoln; and also for settling the Prebend of Bugden, as an Augmentation for the Vicar of Bugden, and vesting the Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction of the Parish of Bugden in the Bishop of Lincoln.

45. An Act for the Sale of Lands in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of John Stanhope, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts.

46. An Act for taking the Estate in Law, for a Mortgage made by John Sands, Esq; which is defeended to the Daughters and Coheirs of John Pargiter, deceased (who are Infants) they being only Trustees for Henry Raper, Merchant.

47. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with Thomas Thomkins and John Chagneau, and their Securities, for the Debts owing by them respectively to her Majesty.

48. An Act to enable Trustees to sell several Houses and Lands in and near Portsmouth, late the Estate of Elizabeth Hicks, for Payment of a Debt and Interest charged thereupon, and for laying out the Residue of the Money in other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses.

49. An Act for vesting the Freehold and of Estate of Thomas Gower, Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and settling the Remainder for the Benefit of his Daughters.

50. An Act for vesting the Estate of Valentine Crome of Maiden Early in the County of Berks, Gent. in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Father's Debts, and making a Provision for himself and Brother.

51. An Act for the Sale of Lands, late of John Ballet, Gent. deceased, for the more speedy Payment of his Debts, and raising Portions for his younger Children.

52. An Act for the more effectual assuring of Part of the Lands of Inheritance of William and Thomas Lombard in the County of Kent, pursuant to a Deed of Settlement; and for assuring (in lieu of other Part thereof) other Lands of Inheritance therein also mentioned, and for better Provision for younger Children.

53. An Act for vesting the Capital Message. other Lands and Tenements of Foulke Wynne, in the County of Denbigh, Gent. and Meredith Wynne his Son, in Trustees, to the Intent that Part thereof may be sold for Payment of his Debts, and the Residue settled pursuant to Marriage Articles.

54. An Act for vesting the Estates of Christopher Reve the Elder, Clerk, deceased, and of Christopher Reve, Clerk, his only Son, also deceased, in certain Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of their several Debts and Legacies, and for making same Provision for Dorothy the Widow of the said Christopher Reve the Son, and for Christopher Reve his only Child, an Infant.

55. An Act for vesting the Estate of Arthur Vaughan of Tretherwen, in the County of Montgomery, an Infant, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of such Debts and Incumbrances, to which the same, or the said Infant, in respect thereof, is liable.

56. An Act for vesting the Estate of Elizabeth Flore, in the County of Bucks, in Trustees, to be sold, and the Monies arising thereby, to be applied for the Payment of Debts charged thereon.

57. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Estevening, and other Lands and Hereditaments in Swinshead, in the County of Lincoln, late the Estate of Christopher Fairfax, gent deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and Benefit of his Children.

58. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of Ralph Baldwin, Gent. in Trustees, for a Provision for his younger Children.

59. An Act for settling and securing Part of the Estates of Robert Barry, Clerk, and Anne his Wife, for the Benefit of the said Anne and her Children, and Sale of other Part of the Estate of the said Robert Barry, for Payment of his Debts.

60. An Act for vesting the Sum of two thousand Pounds in Trustees, to be applied to and for the Payment of the Debts of John Holworthy, Gent. pursuant to an Agreement with his Creditors.

61. An Act for the Sale of an Advowson in Sussex, late the Estate of Michael Sorocold, Clerk, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and making Provision for his Widow and Child.

62. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Viccary, deceased, in Rockbear, in the County of Devon, for Payment of his Debts charged thereupon, and for Maintenance of his Widow and Children.

63. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with Francis Clyes, as Surety for William Pennock, late of Exon, Merchant, in six several Bonds, for Duties on Tobacco, which the said William Pennock had at the Port of Falmouth, in December, one thousand seven hundred and one.

64. An Act to rectify a Mistake in, and explain an Act passed in the last Session, to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Cobb, Esq; as one of the Sureties for Thomas Cobb, Gent. Receiver General for the County of Southampton and Isle of Wight.

65. An Act to make the Ship l'Amazone, taken and condemned as a Prize, and sold in the Island of Barbadoes, Free.

66. An Act for naturalising Paul, Frances, and Katharine Kilsly.

67. An Act for naturalising of Vincent de Laymerie, and others.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 5 Annae.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven.

2. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven.

3. An Act for the settling of the Honours and Dignities of John Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, to go along with the said Honours.

4. An Act for settling upon John Duke of Marlborough and his Posterity, a Pension of five thousand Pounds per Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and House of Blenheim, are already limited and settled.

5. An Act for securing the Church of England as by Law established.

6. An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and puntshing Felons that commit Burglaries, House-breaking, or Robberies in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables, or that steal Horses.

7. An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the Unfreemen Importers of Coals into the Port and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk.

8. An Act for an Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

9. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the Queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

10. An Act for repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Woborne, in the County of Bedford.

11. An Act for continuing the Acts formerly made for Repairing of the Highways in the County of Hertford.

12. An Act for the enlarging the Passage leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehouse, Westminster.

13. An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds is intended to be raised, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

14. An Act for the better Preservation of the Game.

15. An Act for the better Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and the Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven.

16. An Act for continuing an Act made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and False Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

17. An Act to repeal all the Laws prohibiting the Importation of Foreign Lace made with Thread.

18. An Act for Inrolments of Bargains and Sales within the West Riding of the County of York, in the Register Office there lately provided; and for making the said Register more effectual.

19. An Act for continuing the Duties on Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on stamp'd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one third Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain Overplus Monies, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressed.

20. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Lustring Company.

21. An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornhill in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stony-Stratford in the County of Buckingham.

22. An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Session of Parliament for preventing Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts.

23. An Act to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement or Composition made by the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin,

24. An Act for discharging small Livings from their First fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof.

25. An Act for making the Acts more effectual for appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicarages there.

26. An Act for repairing the Highways between Shepherds-Shord and the Devizes, and between the Top of Ashlinton Hill and Rowd Ford in the County of Wilts.

27. An Act for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making Provisions therein mentioned, to raise Money by Way of Loan for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions; and for ascertaining the Wine Measure.

28. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy Money.

29. An Act for Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of White Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer alias Bigg, and are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland.

30. An Act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House in Westminster.

31. An Act for the encouraging the Discovery and Apprehending of house breakers.

32. An Act for the continuing the Laws for the punishment of Vagrants, and for making such Laws more effectual.

33. An Act for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures granted to him in the last Session of Parliament.

34. An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned relating to the Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of Piracy.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for naturalising Maria Margaret Lady North and Grey.

2. An Act to enable Henry Grey, second Son of Richard Nevill, Esq; to change his Name from Nevill to Grey, according to the Will of Ralph Lord Grey deceased.

3. An Act to make the Ship called the Neptune Privateer (a Foreign built Ship, late bought as a Wreck) a Free Ship.

4. An Act to make the Ship Vigilantia of Stad upon the River of Elbe in Germany (lately a Wreck) a Free Ship.

5. An Act for naturalising John Tigh.

6. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or commissioner of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with Benjamin Nicholl, Citizen and late Merchant of London, and his Sureties, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty.

7. An Act for the Relief of Sir John Mead, of the Kingdom of Ireland, Knight and Baronet.

8. An Act for empowering the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Ireland, to grant a Commission to some Persons in England, to administer to Thomas Maule, Esq; Remembrancer of the said Court, the usual Oaths for the due Execution of his Office, and to enable him to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, in the Court of Chancery in England, instead of those requisite to be taken and subscribed by the Laws of England and Ireland, in order to qualify him to execute the said Office.

9. An Act for naturalising Philip Vanden Enden, Merchant.

10. An Act for making the Ship Supply a Free Ship.

11. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Thomond, an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage (notwithstanding his Infancy) and for other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

12. An Act for making more effectual a Settlement made by William Lord Bishop of Oxford, for the Benefit of his Children.

13. An Act for discharging several Lands in the County of Worcester, from the Sum of two thousand Pounds, given by the Will of Dame Elizabeth Rich, Widow, deceased, for Charitable Uses, and charging the same upon other Lands in the County of Berks.

14. An Act for supplying the Defect of an Appointment for the Provision of the younger Children of John Canham, Esq; deceased, pursuant to his Marriage Settlement, and for settling an Estate in Totteridge, in lieu of thirteen hundred Pounds, the Remainder of a Sum of Money agreed to be laid out in a Purchase.

15. An Act for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Hen. Darrel, Esq; deceased, and leasing or mortgaging other Part thereof, to raise Money ro pay his Debts charged thereupon, and for making Provision for his Widow and younger Children.

16. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of William Fitch, Esq; lying in the County of Dorset, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Sisters Portions, and other Debts, and for preserving the Residue free from all Power of Waste, and for settling certain Tithes in the Isle of Wight to the same Uses.

17. An Act for enabling Agnes Lee, Widow, to renew certain Leases for Lives, belonging to Richard Lee, her Son, who is an Infant.

18. An Act for settling the Estate of Daniel Thomas, Gent. for the Benefit of his Wife and Children.

19. An Act for Sale of certain Houses near Aldgate in London, late the Estate of William Williams, deceased, and for purchasing Lands in lieu thereof.

20. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of England, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with Nathaniel Rich, Esq; late Receiver General for the County of Essex.

21. An Act for the Relief of John Baker, his Mother, Brother, and Sisters, Widow and Children of Col. Henry Baker, deceased.

22. An Act for making the Ship Prince (Foreign built) a Free Ship.

23. An Act for discharging diverse Manors and Lands of Henry Duke of Beaufort, from the Portions of his Daughters and younger Children by his present Duchess, and for charging other Manors and Lands of the said Duke of greater Value with the like Portions.

24. An Act to enable Henry Pye, Esq; to make a jointure.

25. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of William Potts, for discharging his Brothers and Sisters Portions, and his Debts, and for confirming his Marriage Settlement, as to the Residue of his Estate, discharged of such Portions.

26. An Act for vesting Lands in Chelsea, in the County of Middlesex, purchased of Charles Lord Cheney Viscount Newhaven in Scotland, in the Queen's Majesty, for the Accommodation of Chelsea College, and other Lands, in John Lord Vaughan Earl of Carbury in Ireland, and his Heirs.

27. An Act for confirming and establishing the Partitions made between William Pierrepoint, Esq; (since deceased) and the Honourable Charles Egerton, Esq; and others, of several Manors and Lands in the Counties of Suffolk, Kent, and Surrey, and to enable William and Samuel Pierrepoint, Infants, to make Partition of Land in other Counties, and to sell the same, and purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses, and for rectifying a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Peek, Esq;

28. An act for vesting in Trustees, a Message and Lands in Ratcliff Culey, in the County of Leicester, to be sold, upon the Settling of another Estate of as great or greater Value, to the same Uses as the Lands to be sold are settled.

29. An Act for Relief of Alexander Pendarvis, Esq; in relation to five thousand Pounds, and Interest, provided for him out of Lands in Ireland.

30. An Act for the better Support and Maintenance of the Minister of Tettenhall, in the County of Stafford, for the Time being.

31. An Act to vest certain Mills and Lands in Downton, in the County of Wilts (the Estate of William Eyre a Lunatick) in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying Part of the Monies arising by the Sale thereof for Payment of the Debts of the said Lunatick, and making some Provision for Ambrose Eyre, his eldest Son and Heir, and for applying the Residue of such Monies in purchasing of other Lands, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Premises to be sold are now settled.

32. An Act to enable Trustees to sell several Lands at Colegreene within the Manor of Hertingfordbury, in the county of Hertford, and the Manor of the Rectory of Hertingfordbury aforesaid, late the Estate of Anne Winwood, deceased, for Payment of a Debt of six hundred Pounds and Interest, due upon Mortgage and Bond, or Specialty; and for laying out the Residue of the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Lands or Tenements, to be settled to the same Uses as the said Lands are now settled.

33. An Act for vesting a Mansion House, and Lands thereunto adjoining, in the County of Middlesex, the Estate of William Hyde, Merchant, in Trustees, to be forthwith sold for the better Maintenance and present Provision for his Children.

34. An Act to vest several Lands and Hereditaments in the County of York, in Robert Hitch, Esq; and his Heirs, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments in the said County in lieu thereof, and as an Exchange thereof, to the same Uses.

35. An Act for rectifying a Mistake, and for supplying the Defects in an Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for Sale of the Estate late of Edward Baines, for Discharge of a Mortgage thereupon, and for making Provision for his Daughters.

36. An Act for Sale of the Estate in the County of Montgomery, late Part of the Estate of Gilbert Charlton, Esq; deceased, and for purchasing other Estate or Estates in the Counties of Nottingham, Leicester, or Lincoln, to be settled to the like Uses as the Estate in the County of Montgomery was settled.

37. An Act for the Sale of certain Lands contained in the Marriage Settlement of Daniel King and Jane his Wife, and for purchasing other Lands of the same or greater Value, to be settled to the same Uses; for giving Liberty to Jane Nicholl, Widow, and the Executors of Sir William Pritchard, to pay two Sums of four thousand Pounds, and two thousand Pounds, mentioned in the said Settlement, in the lifetime of the said Jane Nicholl.

38. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of John Weedon of Souldern, in the County of Oxon, Esq; for Payment of his father's Debts and Legacies, and Portions to his younger Children, and for settling the rest of his Estate to the Uses of the father's voluntary Settlement.

39. An Act to enable Thomas Clarke, an Infant, to make a Lease of a House in St. Mary Axe in London, to Sir Jeffery Jefferys, Knight.

40. An Act for encouraging the Rebuilding the ancient Parish Church of Humberstone, in the County of Lincoln, and settling a Rent Charge of greater value on the Bishop of Lincoln and his Successors, in lieu of the Rectory of Humberstone; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

41. An Act for vesting the Reversion in Fee of certain Manors and Lands, in the County of Kent, late the Estate of Mountague Drake, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts and Legacies.

42. An Act for the better Discovery of the Estate of John Aynsworth late of London, Merchant.

43. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Crosse, Merchant, and his Sureties, for the Debt owing by him to her Majesty.

44. An Act to enable the Trustees of William Elson, an Infant, to sell Part of his Estate for Payment of his father's Debts on Specialties.

45. An Act to enable the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with John Pye, Gent. and his Sureties, for the Debt by him and them owing to her Majesty.

46. An Act for the Relief of Elizabeth Wandsford, and Elizabeth Foulke.

47. An Act for naturalising John Thomeur, and others,

48. An Act to naturalise Henry Van Holte, and others.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 6 Annae.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

2. An Act for repealing and declaring the Determination of two Acts passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the one, intituled, Act for the Security of the Kingdom; the other, Act anent Peace and War.

3. An Act for the better securing the Duties of East India Goods.

4. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

5. An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities charged on a Fund, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on Low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the One Third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned.

6. An Act for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more entire and complete.

7. An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

8. An Act for encouraging the Dressing and Dying of Woollen Clothes within this Kingdom, by laying a Duty upon Broad Cloth expoited White.

9. An Act for the Exportation of White Woollen Cloth.

10. An Act for the better Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces, and the Marines, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

11. An Act for continuing one Half Part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandises imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles II and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1708. and other Uses therein expressed.

12. An Act to explain, the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in Relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt carried Coastwise, and also an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, in Relation to certain Salt-works near the Sea-side and Bay of Holyhead in the County of Anglesea.

13. An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys.

14. An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government.

15. An Act to empower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as her Majesty shall suspect are conspiring against her Person or Government.

16. An Act for repealing the Act of the first Year of King James I. intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London, by admitting Brokers.

17. An Act for assuring to the English Company trading to the East Indies, on Account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for raising thereby the Sum of 1,200,000l. for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's occasions.

18. An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice of those who claim Estates after their Deaths.

19. An Act for continuing the Half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions and other Duties, to raise Money by Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for charging of Prize Goods and Seizures, and for taking off the Drawbacks of foreign Cordage, and to obviate the clandestine Importation of wrought Silks.

20. An Act for continuing an Act made in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and for false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

21. An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of diverse Cathedral and Collegiate Churches.

22. An Act for continuing several Duties therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Muslins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Calicoes, China Wares, and Drugs; and for continuing the Duties called the two third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage; for preserving the public Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals exported for foreign Parts; and for securing the Credit of the Bank of England, and for passing several Accounts of Taxes raised in the County of Monmouth; and for promoting the Consumption of such Tobacco as shall have paid her Majesty's Duties.

23. An Act to make further Provision for electing and summoning sixteen Peers of Scotland, to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland, and for the further regulating of Votes in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

24. An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

25. An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

26. An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain, called Scotland.

27. An Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all Ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of fifty Pounds; as also for discharging all Livings of that Value from the Payment of First fruits; and for allowing Time to Archbishops and Bishops, and other dignitaries, for Payment of their First fruits.

28. An Act for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax.

29. An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts; and to oblige them to draw only with six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills.

30. An Act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America.

31. An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire.

32. An Act for regulating the Qualifications of the Elections of the Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directors, and Voters of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

33. An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present war, and six Months longer.

34. An Act for limiting a Time to Persons to come in and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates and other Interests in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates to the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword Blades in England, and diverse other Purchasers.

35. An Act for the public registring, of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Incumbrances that shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and county of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, after the 29th Day of September 1708. and for the rendring the Register in the West Riding more complete.

36. An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1708. although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

37. An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for repairing, amending, and enlarging the Highways between the Top of Kingsdown Hill and the City of Bath, and also several other Highways leading to and through the said City; and for cleansing, paving, and lightning the Streets, and regulating the Chairmen there.

2. An Act for vesting, in Ralph Freeman, the younger, Esq; and his Heirs, diverse Manors and Lands in the County of Essex, comprised in his Marriage Settlement, he having settled other Manors and Lands in the County of Hertford, of greater Value, to like Uses in lieu thereof.

3. An Act for naturalising Katharine Clarke, Daughter of Sir William Clarke, Bart, deceased.

4. An Act for naturalising Marcos Dos Santos.

5. An Act for making good to William Thompson, Esq; the Benefit intended to be granted to his Ancestors, and their Heirs, by certain Letters Patents of King Charles II in lieu of the Castle of Scarborough, and other Things by them surrendered to and now enjoyed by the Crown.

6. An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the Town and Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, and for setting the Poor on Work, and maintaining them there.

7. An Act for enlarging the Term in an Act made in the seventh Year of his late Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Highways between the City of London and Town of Harwich in the County of Essex.

8. An Act for repairing the Harbour and Key of Watchet in the County of Somerset.

9. An Act for the more effectual making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgewater to Taunton in the County of Somerset.

10. An Act for settling the Estate of John now Earl of Exeter, pursuant to Agreements made on the Marriage of the same Earl with Elizabeth Countess of Exeter his now Wife, subject to such Alterations as are mentioned herein.

11. An Act to supply a Defect in an Act of Parliament made in the first year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for raising 1500l. by Mortgage of Lands in the County of Dorset, for Payment of Debts, and for a further Provision and Maintenance of the younger Children of Philip Caldecot, Esq,

12. An Act to make the Ship Ambuscade (a French Privateer taken by her Majesty's Ship the Dover, and condemned and sold as a Prize) a Free Ship.

13. An Act for erecting a Harbour and Key at East Tarbet, in the Shire of Argyle.

14. An Act for the better Amendment of that Way which leads from Cherill through Caine to Studley Bridge in the County of Wilts.

15. An Act for repairing the Highways from Old Stratford in the County of Northampton, to Dunchurch in the County of Warwick.

16. An Act for the Reversal of the Attainder of Sir Henry Bond, Bart, in Ireland.

17. An Act for making effectual the Provision intended by William Bromley, late of Holt Castle in the County of Worcester, Esq; for Dorothy Bromley his youngest Daughter.

18. An Act for selling the Estate of Thomas Stephens, Esq; in the Counties of Chester and Stafford, and for settling of another Estate of as great or greater Value, in the County of Gloucester, to the same Uses.

19. An Act for vesting in Roger Tuckfield, Esq; several Lands purchased for him by Sir William Davye, Bart, deceased.

20. An Act for making two large Fly Boats (Russia built) one called the Thomas and Henry, the other the Richard and Jane, free Ships to trade to Russia.

21. An Act for naturalising Peter Des Maizeaux, Francis Heilman, John Risteau, Peter Bouvot, and others.

22. An Act to enable the Right Honourable the Countess of Bindon, together with the Right Honourable Henry Earl of Bindon, her now Husband, to make Leases of the Manor and Town of Carlowe in the County of Catherlagh, and Queens County in the Kingdom of Ireland, and for the evidencing of the Settlements made by Henry late Earl of Thomond.

23. An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor and Capital Message of Great Haseley, with the Appurtenances, and diverse Messuages, Farms, and Lands in Haseley and Latchford in the County of Oxford, late the Estate of William Lenthall, Esq; deceased (in Trustees) to be sold for discharging of Incumbrances thereupon.

24. An Act for vesting several Messuages, Houses, Lands, and Tenements, in the County of Dublin, in the Kingdom of Ireland, formerly the Estate of Thomas Boyd, Esq; in a Trustee, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of Letice late Countess of Kilmarnock, deceased, and for raising Portions for the younger Children of the said Countess.

25. An Act to vest the Estate of Edward Cheek, Esq; deceased, in Somersetshire, remaining unsold at his Death, in Trustees, to be sold to satisfy the Demands of the Lady Russel, his Mother, and Essex Cheek his Sister, and to vest the Remainder of the Monies arising by Sale of the said Estate, in the Purchase of other Lands, to be settled on Edward Cheek, an Infant, and his Heirs.

26. An Act to enable Sir William Wyndham of Orchard Wyndham in the County of Somerset, Bart, to make a Marriage Settlement, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, during his Minority.

27. An Act for explaining and amending a Proviso and Power for enabling Sir John Wentworth, Bart, and his Brothers, to make a Wife a Jointure.

28. An Act to enable Sir Ralph Milbank, Bart, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon such Woman as he shall marry, as if he were of full Age.

29. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Swindon, and several Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of York, late Part of the Estate of Christopher Lister, Esq; and after of Thomas Lister, Esq; both deceased, for Payment of the Legacies and Debts of the said Christopher Lister, and a Mortgage of the said Thomas Lister.

30. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with Richard Parke, Citizen and late Merchant of London, for a Debt due to her Majesty.

31. An Act for the Sale of a Piece of Ground, late of John Killingworth, Esq; deceased, on which stood several old and decayed Tenements, and applying the purchase money for the Benefit of his Wife and Daughters.

32. An Act for vacating the Settlement made upon the Marriage of Henry Main, and for making a reasonable Provision for the Maintenance of his only Son (who is an Idiot) during his Life.

33. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of James Hamilton, Esq; deceased.

34. An Act for the Relief of Col. Richard Sutton, and other Aids de Camp.

35. An Act for the Relief of Capt. James Roch.

36. An Act for the Relief of Lieutenant Colonel John Savery.

37. An Act for naturalising John Affleck, Esq; and Mary Dutry.

38. An Act for naturalising Peter Dubordieu, and others.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 7 Annae.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1709.

2. An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1709.

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1709.

4. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

5. An Act for naturalising Foreign Protestants.

6. An Act for explaining and making more effectual that Part of an Act passed in the fifth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London, as formerly.

7. An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Year 1709.

8. An Act for continuing several Impositions and Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan; and for exporting British Copper and Brass Wire Duty free; and for circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills, in case a new Contrast be made in that Behalf; and concerning the Oaths to be administered in relation to Italian Thrown Silks; and touching Oils and Plantation Goods of Foreigners, taken or to be taken as Prize; and concerning Drugs of America, to be imported from her Majesty's Plantations; and for appropriating the Monies given in this Session of Parliament; and for making out Debentures for two Transport Ships in this Act named; and to allow a further Time for registring certain Debentures; and for Relief of Persons who have lost such Tickets, Exchequer Bills, Debentures, Tallies, or Orders, as in this Act are mentioned.

9. An Act for giving the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London, the same Powers as the Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have; and to oblige Collectors for the Sewers to account.

10. An Act for rendring more effectual the Laws concerning Commissioners of Sewers.

11. An Act for ascertaining and directing the Payment of the Allowances to be made for or upon the Exportation from Scotland of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with Foreign Salt imported before 1 May, 1707. and for disposing such Salt still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty's Subjects there, and for ascertaining and securing the Allowances for Fish and Flesh exported and to be exported from Scotland, for the future.

12. An Act for preferring the Privileges of Ambassadors, and other publick Ministers of Foreign Princes and States.

13. An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York.

14. An Act for the better Preservation of Parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called England.

15. An Act for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

16. An Act to prevent the laying of Wagers relating to the Publick.

17. An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs that may happen by Fire.

18. An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to advowsons.

19. An Act to enable Infants who are seized or possessed of Estates in Fee, in Trust, or by way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates.

20. An Act for the public registring of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Incumbrances which shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the 29th of September, 1709.

21. An Act for improving the Union of the two Kingdoms.

22. An Act for the Queen's most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

23. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1709, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

24. An Act continuing the former Act for the Encouragement of Coinage, and to encourage the bringing Foreign Coins, and British or Foreign Plate, to be coined, and for making Provision for the Mints in Scotland, and for the prosecuting Offences concerning the Coin in England.

25. An Act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom; as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promissory Notes, as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange; and also for continuing several Acts made in the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign, for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts.

26. An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments as shall be judged proper to be purchased for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for continuing an Act made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the rebuilding and repairing of the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby in the County of York.

2. An Act for naturalising Charlotta Christiana Lady Duffus.

3. An Act to enable Edward Sainthill (late Edward Yard) Esq; to change his Surname from Yard to Sainthill, according to the Will of Samuel Sainthill, Esq; deceased.

4. An Act for continuing an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Wymondham and Attleborough in the County of Norfolk, and for including therein the Road leading from Wymondham to Hethersett, over the Commons belonging to the said Towns.

5. An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

6. An Act for building a Church or Chapel in the Town of Manchester in the County of Lancaster.

7. An Act to enable Anne Crewe (late Offley) Widow, and John Crew (late Offley) her Son and Heir Apparent, to change their Sirnames from Offley to Crew, according to the Settlement of John Crew, Esq; deceased.

8. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Reversion of several Lands and Tenements expectant on Leases for Lives, the Estate of Hugh Stafford of Pynes in the County of Devon, Esq; to be sold for Payment of Debts, and by discharging his Power of Leasing, to secure other Lands to come into Possession to his Son in lieu thereof.

9. An Act to enable William Collins, Clerk, Thomas Parrat, and William Day, Gent. to dispose of certain Lands, for the Payment of the Debts of John Granger, and for making Provision for the Widow and younger Children of Nicholas Granger, his late Father, deceased.

10. An Act for further enabling George Penne, Esq; to sell Lands for Payment of his Debts, by enlarging a Trust for that Purpose contained in a former Act, intituled, An Act to enable George Penne, Esq, to sell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for naturalising Lewis de Rosset, Peter Brozet, and others.

12. An Act for repairing and improving of Morrisons Haven, and the Fort there, in the Shire of East Lothian, alias Hadington.

13. An Act for building a Parish Church, and Parsonage House, and making a new churchyard, and a new parish in Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, to be called the Parish of St. Philip.

14. An Act for vesting in John Duke of Newcastle and his Heirs, certain Lands belonging to the Vicarage of Walesby, in the County of Nottingham, in the lieu of an annual Rent of 10l. per Ann. payable to the Vicar of the said Vicarage, and his Successors for ever.

15. An Act to vest the Estates which came to the Right Honourable Other Earl of Plymouth, by his Mother, in Trustees, to be sold for raising Money to pay off Debts charged upon his paternal Estate, and to enable him to cut Coppices.

16. An Act for the explaining and making more effectual an Act made Anno primo Annae Reginae, intituled, An Act giving further Time to John Lord Bishop of Chichester, and his successors, to make Leases of certain Houses and Ground in and near Chancery Lane, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester.

17. An Act to explain a Clause in a Statute made in the 27th Year of the Reign of King Henry VIII enabling Tenants in Tail in Possession, to make Jointures to Wives, and enlarging the same, so as Richard Lord Willoughby de Broke, and others, Tenants in Tail in Possession, may make Jointures to the Wives of their eldest Sons or Grandsons.

18. An Act for vesting some Part of the Estate in the County of Lincoln, included in the Marriage Settlement of the Right Honourable William Powlett, Esq; commonly called Lord William Powlett, in Trustees, to be sold for the raising Money to discharge an Incumbrance fallen on the same, by virtue of a Decree of the High Court of Chancery; and to confirm an Agreement made by the said Lord William Powlett, with the Right Honourable the Countess Dowager of Bridgwater, and the Executor of the late Duke of Bolton, deceased, relating to such Incumbrance.

19. An Act for vesting the Barony of Wem, and Manors of Wem and Loppington, and several Lands and Tenements in the County of Salop, and the Manors of Dolby and Broughton, and Lands thereto belonging in the County of Leicester, and the Manor of Fulmer, and several Lands and Tenements in the County of Bucks, late the Estate of George late Lord Jefferies, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts and Portions, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act to enable the Honourable William Cecil, Esq; with others, to sell Lands for the Payment of several Debts charged upon his Estate by the Right Honourable John late Earl of Exeter, deceased, his late Father.

21. An Act for vesting in Trustees the fourth Part of a fourth Part (being the Share of Sir Roger Bradshaigh, Bart.) of the Estate of the late Countess of Oxford, to be sold, to pay Portions and Debts, and with the Remainder of the Money arising by such Sale, to purchase other Lands to be settled to the same Uses as his Paternal Estate is by his Marriage Settlement.

22. An Act to reverse the Outlawry and Attainder of Christopher Lord Baron of Slane in Ireland.

23. An Act for vesting diverse Manors, messuages, Lands, and Tenements of John Lacy, Esq; in the Counties of Essex, Cambridge, and Middlesex, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, making Provision for his Children unprovided for, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for vesting the Site, Capital Messuage, or Farm of the Manor of South Stoke, and Lands thereunto belonging, in the County of Somerset, late the Estate of John Gay, Gent. deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the speedier Payment of his Debts, and better Performance of the Trusts therein mentioned.

25. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk.

26. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with William Mallett, Esq; for the Debt of his Father, for whom he was Surety while Receiver General of the County of Somersett, and City of Bristol.

27. An Act for better establishing certain Charities of John Pierrepont.

28. An Act for vesting the Estate of Gideon Haydon, Esq; deceased, lying in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts wherewith it stands incumbred, and settling the Overplus to the Uses in his Marriage Settlement limited and declared.

29. An Act for the better Performance of the Will of Stephen Harvey, Esq; deceased, and making Provision for his Children.

30. An Act for the Reversal of the Outlawry of Eleanor Bagot, the Wife of John Bagot.

31. An Act to enable William How of Somerton Early, in the County of Somerset, Esq; to sell the Manor and Farm of Gunvile-Eastbury, alias Tarrant-Gunvile, in the County of Dorset, and several messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in Gunvile-Eastbury, alias Tarrant-Gunvile aforesaid, and to settle other Lands and Hereditaments of greater Value to the same Uses to which the said Manor and Premises in Gunvile-Eastbury, alias Tarrant-Gunvile, now stand limited, in lieu thereof.

32. An Act to enable John Elye Esq; to raise Monies out of his Estate to pay his Debts, and for settling the Residue thereof, together with the Estate of Elizabeth his Wife, to the Uses intended by his Marriage Settlement.

33. An Act for Sale of certain Lands and Annuities late the Estate of John Coldham, of Tootin Graveney, Esq; deceased, for raising of Portions for his Grand Children, according to his Will.

34. An Act to make the Ships, the Barclay Castle, and James, of Montrose, Free Ships.

35. An Act for the Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Bart. a Lunatic.

36. An Act to enable Thomas Bulkeley, Gent. to sell Part of the Estate comprised in his Marriage Settlement, to pay off Debts which were precedent to, and do affect the said Settlement.

37. An Act for the Relief of the Non commission Officers and Soldiers of the respective Companies of the three Regiments of Col. Thomas Handasyde, Col. John Livesay, and Lieutenant General Erle, and of the four Independent Companies at New York in America.

38. An Act for annexing the Rectory or Parsonage of Hasely in the County of Oxon, to, the Deanery of the King's Free Chapel of St. George within his Castle of Windsor, and for vesting the Advowson of the Rectory and Parochial Church of St. Mary, alias North Church Barkhamstead, in the County of Hertford, in the Dean and Canons of the King's Free Chapel of St. George within his Castle of Windsor, in lieu thereof.

39. An Act to enable James Stopford, Esq; to sell Lands in the County of Nottingham, for Payment of Debts and Portions.

40. An Act for confirming a Term of five hundred Years, created by Richard Minshul, Esq; and his Trustees, for securing the Payment of 8000l. and Interest,

41. An Act for the Relief of the Earl of Clanriccard (lately called Lord Bophin) of the Kingdom of Ireland, in relation to his Estate, and for the more effectual selling or settling the Estate of the said Earl to Protestants.

42. An Act to explain an Act made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to oblige Edward Whitaker to account for such Sums of Public Money, as hath been received by him.

43. An Act to enable Anthony Stafford, Gent. to sell or mortgage same Part of his Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Derby and Chester, for the Payment of his father's Debts and his own, and the better settling and securing the rest for the Benefit of his Wife and Family.

44. An Act for vesting the Equity of Redemption of the Manor of Backwell, in the County of Somersett, in Trustees, to be sold pursuant to the Will of Caroletta Nettles, deceased, and a Decree in Chancery.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 8 Annae.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1710.

2. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and Low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wash drawn from Malted Corn.

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1710.

4. An Act for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cinders, and granting new Duties upon Houses having twenty Windows or more, to raise the Sum of 1,500,000l. by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

5. An Act to continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1710.

6. An Act for employing the Manufacturers, by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk, and Mohair Yarn.

7. An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise 900,000l. by Sale of Annuities, and (in Default thereof) by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year 1710.

8. An Act for clearing, preserving, and maintaining the Harbour of Catwater, lying near Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and for the cleansing and keeping clean the Pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid.

9. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Monies to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards raising her Majesty's Supply for the Service of the Year 1710.

10. An Act to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

11. An Act to explain so much of the Act for prohibiting, the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and Low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wash drawn from Malted Corn; by which Act the said Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Isle of Wight to severa] Markets: and for giving Liberty to export certain Quantities of Oatmeal, for the Use of the British Hospitals beyond the Seas.

12. An Act for making a convenient Dock or Basin at Leverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Leverpoole.

13. An Act for continuing several Impositions, Additional Impositions, and Duties upon Goods imported, to raise Money by Way of Loan for the Service of the Year 1710. and for taking off the over sea Duty on Coals exported in British Bottoms; and for better preventing Frauds in Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods; and for ascertaining the Duties of Corans imported in Venetian Ships; and to give further Time to foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain foreign Goods imported; and to limit a Time for Prosecutions upon certain Bonds given by Merchants; and for continuing certain Fees of the Officers of the Customs; and to prevent imbezilments by such Officers; and for appropriating the Monies granted to her Majesty; and for replacing Monies paid or to be paid for making good any Deficiencies on the Annuity Acts; and for Encouragement to raise Navel Stores in her Majesty's Plantations; and to give further Time for registring Debentures, as is therein mentioned.

14. An Act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants.

15. An Act for explaining and enlarging an Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government.

16. An Act for discharging the Attendance of Noblemen, Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Justiciary in their Circuits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for abolishing the Method of exhibiting Criminal Informations by the Porteous Roll.

17. An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act for the better enabling the Master, Wardens, and Assistants of Trinity House to rebuild the Light House on the Edystone Rock.

18. An Act to regulate the Price and Assise of Bread.

19. An Act for the Encouragement of Learning, by vesting the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

20. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1710, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

21. An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Trustees, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act to enable Peyton Altham, an Infant, Trustee, to join in suffering a common Recovery, or levying a Fine of an Estate in Essex, as if he were of full Age.

2. An Act for repairing the Highways between the House commonly called the Horshoe House, in the Parish of Stoke Goldington, in the County of Bucks, and the Town of Northampton.

3. An Act to enable Peter Pettesworth, Esq; and the trustees in his Marriage Settlement, to sell certain Lands and Hereditaments, in the Counties of Southampton and Sussex, for Payment of his Debts, and to settle another Estate of greater yearly Value, for the better Provision of his Family.

4. An Act for making effectual the Provisions intended by William Hayward, late of Quedgley, in the County of Gloucester, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and providing Portions for his younger Children.

5. An Act for Sale of several Tenements in Cheek Lane, near West Smithfeld (the Estate of James Brydges, Esq;) for purchasing and settling other Estates to the same Uses.

6. An Act for confirming and establishing a Partition, made between Edward Rigby, Gent. the Honourable Charles Egerton, Esq; and the Honourable Elizabeth his Wife, and others, of several Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Essex, heretofore the Estate of the Right Honourable Anne late Countess of Oxford, deceased, and to enable Margaret, Anne, and Katharine Lennard, Infants, to make Partition of other Lands and Tenements, in the County of Hertford, and in London, other Part of the said Countess of oxford's Estate.

7. An Act to vest in, and enable Trustees to sell some out parts of the Estate, late of Sir John Roll, Knight of the Bath, deceased, for the Payment of Debts, Legacies, and Portions; and for settling of other Lands to the same Uses.

8. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of Isaac Knight, Esq; in the Counties of Nottingham and York, for Payment of the Portion of Hannah the Wife of Thomas Stones, Esq; and the Arrears of an Annuity payable to Dickenson Knight, Gent. and for settling the Overplus to the same Uses, to which the Lands to be sold do stand limited, and for charging other Lands with the said Annuity.

9. An Act for vesting the Estate of Thomas Berrie, Esq; deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging several Mortgages thereupon, and other his Debts, which his Personal Estate will not extend to pay, and for laying out the surplus money for the Benefit of his Widow and Heir at Law.

10. An Act for vesting the several Manors and Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Oxon, late the Inheritance of William Jennens, Esq; deceased, and by his Marriage Settlement conveyed to the Uses therein expressed, in Trustees, to be sold for clearing several Incumbrances thereupon, precedent to the said Marriage Settlement, and inverting the Surplus of the Money arising by such Sale, in a Purchase of other Lands to the like Uses, as were limited by the said Marriage Settlement; and for vesting in the said Trustees such Estate and Interest as the said William Jennens, or the Trustees named in his Marriage Settlement, had in certain Lands, heretofore called the Marsh Lands, in the Parish of St. Giles in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, subject to the several precedent Incumbrances thereupon, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

11. An Act for the more effectual Provision for the Poor in the Town of Kingston upon Hull.

12. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Seven Oaks to Woods Gate and Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent.

13. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Anthony Lord Viscount Gormanston, for Payment of his Debts, and for securing a Jointure, and a Maintenance for Margaret Viscountess Gormanston, in lieu of a Rent Charge payable to her out of the said Viscount's Estate.

14. An Act to enable Henry Summers, Esq; to make Sale of the Manor of Gaynes, and other Lands in Huntingdonshire, and in lieu thereof to settle Lands in Essex of a greater Value, to the same Uses the said Huntingdonshire Estate was settled.

15. An Act for making more effectual the Act for the repairing the Highways between Farnhill, in the County of Bedford, and Stony Stratford, in the County of Bucks.

16. An Act to confirm Articles of Partition made between the Earl and Countess of Wemyss, of the one Part, and Anne Robinson, Spinster, of the other Part, of their Estates in the Counties of Oxon, Northampton, and Kent; and for vesting their respective Moieties in Trustees to be sold.

17. An Act to make several Trusts in the Marriage Settlements of Edward Southwell, Esq; and the Lady Elizabeth his late Wife, more effectual to answer the Intent of them, and to explain several Powers therein.

18. An Act to enable Trustees to sell some Fenny Lands in the Counties of Huntingdon and Cambridge, Part of the Estate of Anthony Hammond, Esq; and to settle other Lands in lieu thereof.

19. An Act to enable Trustees to grant, renew, and fill up Leases of the Estate of Arthur Tremayne, Esq; (an Infant) during his Minority.

20. An Act for the enclosing Ropley Commons, in the County of Southampton; and for the Improvement of the old disparked Park of Farnham, in the Counties of Surrey and Southampton.

21. An Act to enable the Trustees of the Last Will and Testament of Thomas Hobbs, Doctor in Physic, deceased, with Abraham Weeks, Esq; to make a Jointure upon the Wife of the said Abraham Weeks.

22. An Act to enable certain Trustees to raise Part of the Portions designed for the younger Children of Clifton Pack, Esq; deceased, and Penelope his Wife, by their Marriage Settlement.

23. An Act for the Relief of Joseph Cooper, Gent.

24. An Act for vesting the Freehold and Copyhold Estate late of William Emerton, Esq; deceased, in the Parish of Chevening, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for the better Support of his Widow, and Advancement of his two Daughters.

25. An Act to enable the Corporation of Leverpoole to make a Grant to Sir Oleave Moore, Bart, for Liberty to bring Fresh Water into the said Town of Leverpoole.

26. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of George Scot, Esq; in the County of Kent, for Payment of Debts.

27. An Act to enable Trustees to recover the Personal Estates of William Bigg and Isabel Bigg, now vested in John Bigg, a Lunatic, their Son and Heir, and Executor of his Father, for the Payment of Debts and Legacies.

28. An Act for vesting the Estate and Effects of John Coggs and John Dann, Goldsmiths and Copartners, in Trustees, for the speedier Payment of their Creditors, and for determining Differences thereupon.

PUBLICK ACTS.

Anno 9 Annae.

1. AN act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1711.

2. An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infected, more effectually to perform their Quarantine.

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1711.

4. An Act to continue the Acts for recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1711.

5. An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to sit in the House of Commons.

6. An Act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported; and certain Duties upon Coals to be water born, and carried Coastwise; for granting further Duties upon Candles, for thirty-two Years, to raise 150,000l. by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned.

7. An Act for enabling and obliging the Bank of England, for the Time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money upon Demand; and to disable any Person to be Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director of the Bank of England, and a Director of the East India Company, at the same Time.

8. An Act to repeal the act of the third and fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, so far as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines.

9. An Act to continue the act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army, and Quarters; and for approving of Medicines for the Army.

10. An Act for establishing a General Post Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

11. An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty's most necessary Occasions.

12. An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops.

13. An Act for taking, examining, and stating the public accounts of this Kingdom.

14. An Act for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming.

15. An Act for making more effectual an act of the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning the Assises of Fuel, so far as it relates to the Assise of Billet.

16. An Act to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

17. An Act for the Preservation of White and other Pine Trees growing in her Majesty's Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main, Rhode Island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganset Country or King's Province, and Connecticut, in New England, and New York, and New Jersey in America, for the masting her Majesty's Navy.

18. An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending Highways, which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige then to draw only with six Horses, or other Beasts, except up Hills.

19. An Act to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of the Castle of Exon, (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall) for ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon.

20. An Act for rendering the Proceedings upon the Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual; and for the more easy trying and determining the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs.

21. An Act for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying the public Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for the Encouragement of the Fishery; for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Acts for registring Seamen.

22. An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

23. An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on stamp'd Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Post office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

24. An Act for Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual working the Mines of the said Company.

25. An Act for making the Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better Preservation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same more effectual.

26. An Act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames, and for regulating and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River.

27. An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

28. An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufacturers of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the coal Trade.

29. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

30. An Act for reviving and continuing an act made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act for the Sale of Lands and Tenements, late of Sir Philip Monoux, Baronet, deceased, in Broome and Parish of Southill in the County of Bedford, according to his Will.

2. An Act for rectifying a Mistake, and enlarging the Time for a Composition given by an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable the Lord High treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with William Mallet, Esq, for the Debt of his Father, for whom be was Surety, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset and City of Bristol.

3. An Act for Sale of the Barton and Farm of Possessoe in the County of Devon, late the Estate of Sebastian Isaac, Esq; deceased, for discharging Incumbrances thereupon, and for Distribution of the surplus money.

4. An Act for ratifying several Purchases lately made with the public Stock of the County of Devon, and for making further Purchases for the Use of the said County, with the public Stock thereof and also for regulating and better Employment of the public Stock of the said County.

5. An Act to vest the Manor, or reputed Manor of Wadborough, alias Waberrow, in the County of Worcester, and other Lands there, which came to the Right Honourable Other Earl of Plymouth, by his Mother, in Trustees, to be sold for raising more Money to pay off Debts charged upon his paternal Estate, and for other Purposes.

6. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Reaversby, and other Lands in the County of Lincoln, the Estate of Henry Bows Earl of Berkshire, and to settle other Lands in the County of Stafford to the same Uses.

7. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways leading from Royston in the County of Hertford to Wandesford Bridge in the County of Huntingdon.

8. An Act for repairing the Highways from Sheet Bridge in the Parish of Petersfield, to the Town of Portsmouth, in the County of Southampton.

9. An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley in the County of Bedford.

10. An Act for settling the Estates of the Right Noble Evelyn Lord Marquis of Dorchester, and William Pierrepont, Esq; commonly called Lord Kingston, Son and Heir Apparent of the said Lord Marquis; and also for settling the Estate late of John Hall, Esq; on the Marriage of the said William Pierrepont, Esq;

11. An Act to enable Arthur Earl of Anglesey, and Henry Hyde, Esq; commonly called Henry Viscount Hyde, to take in England the Oath of Office as Vice Treasurer, and Receiver General, and Paymaster General of her Majesty's Revenues in her Kingdom of Ireland, and to qualify themselves in England for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

12. An Act to enable the Earl of Thomond to make Leases for three Lives, with Covenants for Renewal thereof for ever, and Grants in Fee Farm, of the Lands and Hereditaments in Ireland, comprised in his Marriage Settlement.

13. An Act for vesting in Henry Arundel, Esq; and his Heirs, the Trust in the Estate of the Lord Viscount Montagu, which is vested in her Majesty by the Attainder of John Caryll, Esq; for High Treason.

14. An Act for discharging John Lord Bishop of Rapho in the Kingdom of Ireland, from all Penalties, Disabilities, and Incapacities, incurred by him in omitting to take the Oath of Abjuration on or before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and three, and for making all Ecclesiastical and Civil Acts done by him, as Bishop of Rapho, after such Omission, to be of the same Validity as they would have been if he had taken the said Oath in due Time.

15. An Act for establishing a Purchase of certain Fee Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the Kingdom of Ireland, made by Sir Alexander Cannes, Baronet, of his Grace James Duke of Ormond, in pursuance of a Power given him by an Act of Parliament passed in this Kingdom in the twelfth Year of his late Majesty's Reign Reign, notwithstanding an Act passed in Ireland in the ninth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, or a Deed dated the five and twentieth of April one thousand seven hundred and ten, therein mentioned.

16. An Act for confirming to the Principal and Scholars of Kings Hall and College of Brasen Nose in the University of Oxford, the Purchase of the Advowsons of Stepney and other Churches, and for settling the same to the Benefit of the said College.

17. An Act for confirming a Lease for one and twenty Years, made by Jeffery Palmer, Esq; and others, of Lands in Carlton Curlieu in the County of Leicester, for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer.

18. An Act for Sale of such Part of the Estate of Nathaniel Matthew, late of Petersham in the County of Surrey, Gent. deceased, as will be sufficient to discharge his Debts and Legacies thereon charged by his Last Will and testament; and for settling the Remainder thereof to the Uses in the said Will mentioned.

19. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Hereditaments of William Henden, Esq; in the County of Kent, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in lieu thereof.

20. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Humphry Pooler, in the Parish of Hartlebury, in the County of Worcester.

21. An Act for the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir Richard Allin, alias Anguish, Baronet, in the Counties of Suffolk and Norfolk, for Payment of his Debts, and settling the Remainder according to his Marriage Articles.

22. An Act to enable Trustees to perform the Marriage Articles of Sir Richard Grosvenor, Baronet, and Dame Jane his Wife, notwithstanding the Lunacy of Dame Mary Grosvenor, and the Infancy of her younger Children; and for settling the Estate in the Family, and making Building Leases, as effectually as if the said Dame Mary was of sound Mind, and her Children of full Age, and all had joined in levying Fines.

23. An Act for vesting several Messuages or Tenements, in Bride Lane, and elsewhere, in the Parish of St. Bridget, alias St. Brides, London, of John Pointer, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold in lieu and Satisfaction of other Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements of a greater Value, settled by the said John Poynter to such Uses, and upon such Trusts, as the said Houses in London are settled.

24. An Act to enable John Hardres, Esq; and Anne his Wife, to sell certain Lands in the County of Kent, and for settling of others to the Uses therein mentioned.

25. An Act for vesting certain Lands in the Parish of Woodchurch in the County of Kent, formerly purchased by Winifred Bridger and Laurence Bridger, in certain Trustees, to be sold for the raising Money for the Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Great Bealings, and several Farms, Lands, and Hereditaments, late the Estate of Henry Wood, alias Webb, Esq; deceased, in Great Bealings, and several other Places in the County of Suffolk, for discharging a Mortgage thereon, and for Payment of other Debts of the said Henry Wood, alias Webb, and for applying the overplus money (if any) arising by such Sale, for the Benefit of Henry Wood, alias Webb (an Infant) his Son and Heir.

27. An Act for vesting a certain Piece of ground being Part of a field called Stonebridge Field, adjoining to Piccadilly in the County of Middlesex, in Trustees, to dispose of the same, to discharge a Debt to the Crown, and to other Uses.

28. An Act to vest the Estate of Sir Henry Robinson, Knt. a Lunatick, lying in Cransley in the County of Northampton, in Trustees, to enable them to make a Settlement on the Marriage of John Robinson, Esq; only Son and Heir Apparent of the said Sir Henry, and for other purposes therein mentioned.

29. An Act to enable Trustees to make, renew, and fill up Leases of the Estate of William Bourgogne, late of the City of Exon, Merchant, deceased, during the Minority of his Son and Daughters.

30. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Stephen Jermin, the only Son of Stephen Jermin, of London, Merchant, with Sarah Bell, and to enable him to marry again.

31. An Act for confirming the Sale of the Estate of John Weston, Esq; in the County of Surrey, and discharging it from the Demands of the Crown.

32. An Act for the Sale of the Estates late of William Hubbald, and of his Father Edward Hubbald, in the County of Surrey, for the Satisfaction of the said William Hubbald's Debt to the Crown, and to preserve the Surplus thereof for the Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act to explain and make more effectual a Clause relating to the Estate of Dame Rebecca Lytton, deceased, in an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Payment of the Debts of Sir John Bolles, Baronet, a Lunatic.

34. An Act for vesting the Manor of Bucksteep, and several Lands in Sussex, the Estate of Joseph Weller, Esq; in Trustees, to be sold for discharging the Incumbrances thereon, and applying the surplus money to certain Uses and Trusts therein mentioned.

35. An Act for the Relief of Abraham Roth of the Kingdom of Ireland, Esq; in relation to the Purchase of Part of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

36. An Act to enable Robert Jones of Funmun Castle in the County of Glamorgan, Esq; to make Leases for three Lives, or for ninety-nine Years determinable in three Lives, of the Manors, Lands, and Hereditaments in the County of Glamorgan, limited to himself for Life by his Marriage Settlement; and for settling other Lands to the Uses of that Settlement in lieu and Recompense of such Power.

37. An Act for the Sale of certain Lands and Tithes in the Parish of Tonge in the County of Leicester, late the Estate of William Mugglestone deceased, and for the distribution of the Money thereby, arising, pursuant to a Settlement made of the said Lands and Tithes by the said William Mugglestone.

38. An Act for enabling Charles Lord Viscount Cullen, to sell the Manor and Advowson of the Church of Elmesthorpe in the County of Leicester, for the Payment of his Debts.

39. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Theophilus Biddulph, Esq; for Payment of his Debts.

40. An Act to enable Trustees to make Building Leases of Part of the Estate late of John Lovett deceased, lying in the City of Dublin.

41. An Act for Sale of Timber upon the Estate of Thomas Skeffington, Esq; an Infant, for Payment of his Father's Debts.

42. An Act for confirming an Agreement made between Philip Saltmarsh and Thomas Bennet, Esqrs. for a Partition, Division and Exchange of several Estates in the Counties of Nottingham and Dorset, and other Purposes therein mentioned,

43. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Richard Brideoake, Esq; in the County of Oxon, and charging other Part thereof with two Annuities, for Payment and Satisfaction of several Incumbrances affecting his whole Estate; and for confirming an Agreement made between the said Richard Brideoake and others claiming Common in Hook Norton Warren and Hook Norton Lays, in the same County.

44. An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Frognal, and other Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, the Estate of George Clerk, Esq; for Payment of Debts, and settling an Estate in the County of Leicester and City of London, to the same Uses as the Estate in Kent was settled.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 10 Annae.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1712.

2. An Act for preserving the Protestant Religion, by better securing the Church of England as by Law established; for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, and for supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Practicers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned,

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1712, and for applying Part of the Coinage Duties, to pay the Deficiency of the Value of Plate coined, and to pay for the recoining the old Money in Scotland.

4. An Act for settling the Precedence of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, of the Elector her Son, and of the Electoral Prince the Duke of Cambridge.

5. An Act to repeal the Act of the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalising Foreign Protestants, (except what relates to the Children of her Majesty's natural born subjects, born out of her Majesty's Allegiance.)

6. An Act for explaining and altering the Laws now in being concerning the Assises of Fuel, so far as they relate to the Assise of Billet, made or to be made of Beech Wood only.

7. An Act to prevent the disturbing those of the Episcopal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England, and for repealing the act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages.

8. An Act to continue the Act of the last Session of Parliament, for taking, examining and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom, for one Year longer.

9. An Act for Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year 1712.

10. An Act for punishing mutiny and desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

11. An Act for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better effecting the same; and for appointing Monies for Rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth in the City of London.

12. An Act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to Churches vacant in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

13. An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule Vacance.

14. An Act for reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, for preventing the Mischiefs which may happen by Fire; for building and repairing County Gaols; for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and Ward Offices, and serving upon Juries; and relating to the Returning of Jurors.

15. An Act for repealing a Clause in the Statute made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the further Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts, and for inflicting Corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts in same Special Cases, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts; and for the Explanation of the Laws relating to Bankruptcy in Case of partnership.

16. An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein.

17. An Act for the better Collecting and Recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the further Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her Majesty's Harbour Moorings.

18. An Act to give further Time for inrolling such Leases granted from the Crown, as have not been inrolled within the respective Times therein limited; and for making the Pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale enrolled, and of Fee-Farm Rents more easy.

19. An Act for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs printed, painted, or (Lined; and upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; raising the Sum of 1,800,000l. by Way of Lottery towards her Majesty's Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages, and otherwise; for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lost Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Public.

20. An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, by obliging their Creditors to accept the utmost Satisfaction they are capable to make, and restoring them to their Liberty.

21. An Act to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal sorting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the same.

22. An Act for the Relief of Merchants importing Prize goods from America.

23. An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

24. An Act for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom.

25. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1712. although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an act passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters, and for taking Accounts of Trophy Money formerly raised and collected.

26. An Act for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of Insurance, to secure a yearly Fund for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a further Sum of 1,800,000l. towards her Majesty's Supply; and for the better securing the Duties on Candles; and for obviating Doubts concerning certain Payments in Scotland; and for suppressing unlawful Lotteries, and other Devices of the same Kind; and concerning Cake Soap; and for Relief of Mary Ravenall, in relation to an Annuity of 18l. per Annum; and concerning Prize Coconuts brought from America; and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted in this Session of Parliament.

27. An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England and their Creditors.

28. An Act for continuing the Trade and Corporation Capacity of the United East India Company, although their Fund should be redeemed.

29. An Act for better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places, within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company.

30. An Act for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an act of the last Session of Parliament, although the Capital Stock of the Said Corporation should be redeemed.

31. An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, transport Service, and Sick and Wounded.

32. An Act for enlarging the Time for the Ministers, Advocates, and other Members of the Collage of Justice in Scotland, to take the Oaths therein mentioned.

33. An Act for appointing the Circuit Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be kept only once in the Year.

34. An Act for explaining several Clauses in an Act passed the last Sessions of Parliament for the Relief of the Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopher, by Reason of the Invasion of the French there, in the Year 1705.

PRIVATE ACTS.

1. AN Act to make a Causey over the Denes from Great Yarmouth to Caister, in the County of Norfolk.

2. An Act to enable John Lord Gower, Baron of Stittenham, an Infant, to make a Settlement upon his Marriage.

3. An Act for enlarging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted in and by an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preserving and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland.

4. An Act to enable Trustees, during the Minority of Wriothesley Duke of Bedford, and of the Lord John Russel his Brother, to grant Leases of the Estate of the said Duke, and Setts for getting Copper and other Ore and Minerals therein, and for rendering valid and effectual several such Grants, or Setts, already made.

5. An Act for making the Exemplification of the Settlement made upon the Marriage of James Lord Annesly with the Lady Elizabeth Manors, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, Evidence on Hearings in Equity and Trials at Law.

6. An Act for erecting a Workhouse in the City and County of the City of Norwich, for the better Employment and Maintaining the Poor there.

7. An Act for repairing the Highway between a certain Place called Kilburn Bridge, in the County of Middlesex, and Sparrows Herne, in the County of Hertford.

8. An Act for making the River Avon in the Counties of Somerset and Gloucester, navigable from the City of Bath to or near Hanhams Mills.

9. An Act for the better Repairing and Amending the Road leading from Ipswich to Cleydon, and the Road called the Pye Road in the County of Suffolk.

10. An Act for the better supplying the Town of Boston, in the County of Lincoln, with Fresh Water.

11. An Act for completing a Chapel of Ease in the Lower Town of Deal, in the County of Kent, by a Duty on Water-born Coals to be brought into the said Town.

12. An Act for confirming and rendring more effectual certain Letters Patents of King James the First, for annexing Canonry, and several Rectories, to the Regius Professor of Divinity in the University of Oxford; and for the Regius Professor, and Lady Margaret's Reader of Divinity in the University of Cambridge.

13. An Act for enabling James Griffin, Esq; and Edward Griffin, Son and Heir apparent of the said James Griffin, to raise Money to pay the Debts of the said James, and to make a Settlement for the Benefit of themselves and their Family.

14. An Act to enable the Honourable Algernoon Grevil, Esq; to make a Settlement of his Estate in the several Counties of York and Warwick, pursuant to Agreements made by him on his Marriage with the Honourable Mary Somerset, his now Wife.

15. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Hempsted, and other Land therein mentioned, lying in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, the Estate of Sir Robert Guldeford, Baronet, for the Payment of Debts, and for settling the Camber Farm, and other Lands in the County of Sussex, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Hempsted now stands settled.

16. An Act for ascertaining and establishing the Glebe Land, Tithes, and other Profits of the Rectory of Gothurst in the County of Bucks.

17. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Dalham, and other Manors and Hereditaments in the County of Suffolk, and elsewhere, late Estate of Simon Patrick, Clerk, deceased, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for Sale of the Manor of Agerdesley, alias Agersley, and Marchington, and several Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Stafford, for Payment of Mortgage Monies charged thereon, and other the Debts of the Honourable Charles Egerton, Esq;

19. An Act to enable Trustees to cut and sell Timber on the Estate late of Anthony Henley, Esq; deceased; for applying the Money thereby arising, towards Payment of his younger Childrens Portions, provided by his Marriage Settlement; and also for transferring certain Estates by the same Settlement, now vested in Richard Norton, Esq; to other Trustees on the same Trusts.

20. An Act for making a perpetual Augmentation to the Vicarage of Didoe, in the County of Cornwall, out of the Tithes and Profits of the Rectory of Duloe.

21. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Edward Hill, Esq; deceased, in Orton and Rowell, in the County of Northampton, for the discharging several Incumbrances thereupon, and the Performance of the last Will of the said Edward Hill, for the settling other Lands and Tenements, in Rowell aforesaid, in lieu thereof, to the same Uses.

22. An Act for enabling Edward Southwell, Esq; to grant certain Houses and Lands in the County of Gloucester, to Joshua Franklyn, of Bristol, Merchant, for a Term of Years, in order to the better Improvement therof, and of other adjacent Lands of the said Edward Southwell.

23. An Act to enable Owen Thomas Bromsall, Gent. to sell diverse Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in the County of Bedford, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

24. An Act for vesting the Estate, late of Bartholomew Vanhomrigh, Esq; deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, in Trustees, to be sold.

25. An Act for selling certain Lands, Part of the Manof of Wrightfield, alias Whitefield, and other Lands in the County of Gloucester, for the Payment of the Debts heretofore of Mary Fermor, Widow, deceased, and of John More, jun. of Kirtlington, in the County of Nottingham, Esq; and Margaret his Wife.

26. An Act to enable William Western, Esq; an Infant, to make a Settlement of his Estate upon his Marriage, notwithstanding his Infancy.

27. An Act for Sale of the Manors of North Court and Boynton, in the Parish of Swinfield in the County of Kent, Part of the Estate of Richard Gomeldon, Esq; for discharging Incumbrances.

28. An Act for confirming to Agmondisham Vesey, Esq; and his Children, the Benefit intended by an Act passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign for their Relief, and for discharging him and them of the Rents and Profits of their Estate incurred before the passing of the said Act.

29. An Act to explain an Act made in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to compound with the Sureties of Samuel Pacey, deceased, late Receiver General for the County of Suffolk, so far as it relates to Joseph Paske, one of the said Sureties.

30. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of Great Britain for the time bring, to compound with the Executor of Michael Wicks, Esq; late Receiver General of the Plantation Duties in the Port of London, as the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury of England, were, by a former Act of Parliament enabled to do with the said Michael Wicks himself,

31. An Act to make Free the Content Galley, a Running Ship, taken from the French, and condemned as Prize.

32. An Act for making the Ship Success, a Free Ship.

33. An Act for repairing the Highway between Highgate Gatehouse, in the County of Middlesex, and Barnet Blockhouse, in the County of Hertford.

34. An Act for enlarging, amending, and maintaining the Road betwixt Northfleet, Gravesend, and Rochester, in the County of Kent.

35. An Act for uniting the Parish Churches of Thordon and Ingrave in the County of Essex.

36. An Act to vest several Lands and Tenements in the County of Warwick, the Estate of Thomas Finer, late of Ethrop in the said County, deceased, Esq; in Trustees, and to enable them to sell Part thereof, for discharging several Debts and Incumbrances thereon, and to raise a present Provision for his Son and Heir, an Infant, and the rest of his Children.

37. An Act to empower the Paymaster of the Million Lottery Tickets, to pay to Sir William Hodges, Bart, the Money due upon fourteen Tickets in the said Lottery.

38. An Act for the Relief of George Matthew, Esq; against a Clause in an Act of Parliament passed in Ireland, whereby several Fines and Recoveries, and a Settlement of his late wife's Estate are set aside.

39. An Act for Sale of the Estate of William Pierson, Esq; deceased, for Payment of an Incumbrance thereupon, and a Debt due from the said William Pierson to her Majesty, as he was Collector of the Customs at Plymouth.

40. An Act for vesting several Lands in Battlesdon, in the County of Bedford, in John Hillersdon, Esq; and his Heirs, discharged of several Uses and Estates to which they are now limited, and for settling other Lands, of greater Value, in the same County, to the same Uses.

41. An Act to enable James Duke of Ormond, and Charles Earl of Arran, of the Kingdom of Ireland, his Brother, to convey to her Majesty the Regalities, Franchises, Liberties, and Jurisdictions in the County of Tipperary, in the Kingdom of Ireland, in order to their being extinguished in the Crown, and to enable her Majesty to grant an Equivalent for the same.

42. An Act for enlarging the Time for Sale of Part of the Estate of the Right Honourable Richard Lord Belew, of the Kingdom of Ireland, vested in Trustees by an Act of Parliament lately passed in the said Kingdom.

43. An Act for the Relief of Sir William Douglas, Lieutenant General of her Majesty's Forces.

44. An Act for vesting the Inheritance of the Manor of Court at Week, and diverse other Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of the Debts and Legacies of Sir Robert Austen, Baronet, deceased.

45. An Act for confirming a Partition made between William Pynsent, Esq; and Mary his Wife, John Trevillian, Esq; and Elizabeth his Wife, and the Trustees, of several Manors and Lands in the County of Somerset.

46. An Act for Sale of some Part of the real Estate of Baptist May, Esq; deceased, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

47. An Act for Sale of the Estate of Francis Moore, Esq; in the County of Wilts, for discharging an Incumbrance thereon, and providing a Portion for his only Daughter; and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

48. An Act for vesting several Lands in Netherex, Rew, Silverton and Thorverton, in the County of Devon, in Trustees, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

49. An Act for vesting in Trustees the Real Estate of Barbara, sole Daughter and Heir of John Goring, late of the City of Litchfield, Esq; and now the Wife of Mr. Walter Chetwynd, for the Performance of Articles on her Marriage, notwithstanding her Minority.

50. An Act for confirming a Lease made by Jeffery Palmer and Robert Palmer, Esquires, for a further Provision for Payment of the Debts of the said Jeffery Palmer.

51. An Act to enable the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to compound with George Dixon, Doctor in Divinity, as he was Surety for his Father, while Receiver General for the County of Somerset and City of Bristol.

PUBLICK ACTS.

12 Annae, Stat. 1.

1. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1713.

2. An Act for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1713, and for making forth Duplicates of Lottery Tickets lost, burnt or destroyed; for enlarging the Time for adjusting Claims in several Lottery acts; and to punish the Counterfeiting or Forging of Lottery orders; and for explaining a late Act in relation to Stamp-duties on Customary Estates, which pass by Deed and Copy.

3. An Act to revive and continue the Act for taking, examining and stating the Publick Accounts of the Kingdom; and also to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine and determine the Debts due to the Army, Transport service, and Sick and Wounded.

4. An Act for making Enclosures of some Part of the Common grounds, in the West riding of the County of York, for the Endowing poor Vicarages and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

5. An Act to Explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, as far as the same relates to the Ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of 40s. per Annum.

6. An Act for the better Regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

7. An Act for the more effectual Preventing and Punishing Robberies that shall be committed in Houses.

8. An Act for raising the Militia for the Year 1713, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

9. An Act for continuing an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain called England.

10. An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

11. An Act to raise 1,200,000l. for Publick Uses, by circulating a further Sum in Exchequer bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise 500,000l. on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradesmen and others, as are therein mentioned.

12. An Act for the better Regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty's Service; and for the Payment of the said forces, and of their Quarters.

13. An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty's Service during the late War, to exercise Trades, and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

14. An Act for explaining the Acts for licensing Hackney chairs.

15. An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

16. An Act for the better Encouragement of the making Sail cloth in Great Britain.

17. An Act to vest in the Commissioners for building fifty New Churches in and about London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the Maypole in the Strand in the County of Middlesex, as hall be Efficient to build one of the said Churches upon; and for restoring to the Principal and Scholars of Kings-Hall, and College of Brazen-Nose, in the University of Oxon, their Right of Presentation to the Churches and Chapels in Stepney Parish.

18. An Act for making perpetual the Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles II. intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom: And that Persons bound Apprentices to, or being hired Servants with Persons coming with Certificates, shall not gain Settlements by such Services or Apprenticeships: And for making perpetual the Act made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present War, and six Months longer: And for reviving a Clause in an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act for settling the Trade to Africa, for allowing foreign Copper Bars imported, to be exported.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 12 Annae, Stat. 1.

1. AN Act for repairing the Highway or Road from the Stones-End in the Parish of St. Leonard Shoreditch in the County of Middlesex, to the furthermost Part of the Northern Road in the Parish of Endfield in the same County, next to the Parish of Cheshunt in the County of Hertford.

2. An Act for confirming several Grants in Fee-Farm made by Henry Earl of Thomond, by Virtue or since the passing a former Act of Parliament; and for giving some Ease and Relief to the Purchasers under or since the said former Act.

3. An Act for confirming Articles, and vesting the Manor of Kirby-Underwood in the County of Lincoln., and other Manors, Lands and Hereditaments thereby agreed to be sold, in Trustees, for discharging the Debts of Sir John Brownlow, Bart, deceased, and his Daughters Portions, and other Purposes in the said Articles mentioned.

4. An Act for devesting the Crown of the Remainder in Fee-simple of and in the Manor and Advowson of Stourton in the County of Wilts, and several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, to the same Manor belonging, expectant on certain Estates-Tail, and for vesting the same in certain other Persons therein named, to the Intent the same may be barred by proper Methods in Law, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

5. An Act to enable Trustees to sell some out parts of the Estate of Sir Bourchier Wrey, Bart, in the County of Devon, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

6. An Act to enable William Harvey, the Elder, Esq; and William Harvey, Esq; his Son, to settle a Jointure, and grant a Lease, and for vesting the Inheritance, after a Term of five hundred Years, of Lands in Suffolk, in Trustees to be sold for raising Portions for his Daughters.

7. An Act for the Exchange of the parsonage house at Charlton in Kent, and Close thereto adjoining, in Lieu of another House and Lands there.

8. An Act for making the Chapelry of Stockton in the County of Durham, a distinct Parish.

9. An Act for Naturalising Lewis Vanden Enden.

10. An Act for better enabling James Earl of Salisbury, and his Trustees, to make Sale of certain Manors, Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Northampton and Dorset, and a Fee-Farm Rent, for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

11. An Act for the Sale of the Reversion and Inheritance of the Manor of Morley in the County of York, together with a Term of 500 Years therein, decreed to be sold for Payment of Debts, and also for exchanging a Fee-Farm Rent of the Coheirs of William late Marquess of Halifax, issuing out of Part of Leiffield Forest in Rutlandshire, for a Fee-Farm Rent of Daniel Earl of Nottingham, issuing out of Hartingfordbury in Hertfordshire, and for settling the same to such Uses as the said Fee-Farm Rent in Rutlandshire was settled.

12. An Act for raising 5000l. Portion out of several Lands in Middlesex and Warwickshire, charged therewith (being the Estate of the Right Honourable Gilbert Earl of Coventry) and for paying the same to the Lady Anne Coventry, his Daughter, at her Marriage, though the same should be before her Age of eighteen Years.

13. An Act for vesting diverse Lands and Hereditaments in the Counties of Warwick and Bedford, (late the Estate of Sir Roger Bourgogne, Bart, deceased) in Trustees, for diverse Purposes therein mentioned.

14. An Act for discharging the Manors and Lordships of Bexwell and Tinworth in the County of Norfolk, from the several Uses, Trusts and Estates thereof limited, in and by the Marriage settlement of Sir John Holland, Bart, with the Lady Rebecca his Wife; and for settling diverse other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of a greater Value, and which lie more convenient in the same County, in Lieu thereof.

15. An Act for enabling Henry Lee the Younger, alias Lee Warner, to make a Jointure upon his Marriage.

16. An Act for uniting and consolidating the Rectories, Advowsons and Parishes of Melton St. mary's, and Melton All Saints, in the Diocese of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk.

17. An Act to amend several Defects in an Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William III. intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Byde, Esq; an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians and next Relations, to make a Contract for the buying in his Mother's Jointure; and to sell a small Estate in Great Amwell in the County of Hertford; and likewise for the securing and raising a Portion for Barbara Byde, Spinster, Sister of the said Thomas Byde, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and to enable the said Thomas Byde to raise Monies, to make Leases for the Purposes in this present Act mentioned.

18. An Act to enable William Booth, Gent, to sell certain Lands and Hereditaments in the County of Chester, for Payment of the Debts of his Brother, with whom and for which he stands bound; and for applying the Surplus (if any) of the Money raised for such Purposes, towards Payment of his own proper Debts.

19. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Charles Lord Weston and Earl of Arran in the Kingdom of Ireland, to take the Oath of Office, as Master of her Majesty's Ordnance in the Kingdom of Ireland, before the Barons of her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, and to qualify himself for the legal Enjoyment of the said Office.

20. An Act for enabling Sir Charles Gresham, Bart, to raise the Sum of five thousand Pounds, and Interest, and Maintenance, for Elizabeth the Daughter of his Brother, Sir Edward Gresham, Bart, deceased; to make Provision for his younger Children.

21. An Act to enable Sir Edward Leighton, Bart, to charge his Estate with 4000l. (preferable to 6000l. already charged thereupon by his Marriage settlement) for the Purposes therein mentioned.

22. An Act for Sale of several Lands and Tenements of John Constable, Gent, in the Parish of Ockley in the County of Surrey, for Payment of his Debts, and for settling other Lands in the same County, of a better Value, to the same Uses, in Lieu thereof.

23. An Act to enable John Harrington, Esq; and Dorothy his Wife, and Charles Harrington, Gent. Son and Heir apparent of the said John Harrington, to sell the Reversion of several Messuages and Tenements in Liverpoole, in the County of Lancaster, being the Inheritance of the said Dorothy, for Payment of their Debts, and settling an Equivalant upon the said Dorothy.

24. An Act to enable Symes Parry to change his Name of Parry to Symes, according to the Will of John Symes, Esq; deceased.

25. An Act to Naturalise Simon Descury, Peter Ribot, Peter Laffite, and others.

PUBLIC ACTS.

Anno 12 Annae, Stat. 2.

1. AN Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year 1714.

2. An Act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt to be made Use of for the Curing of Fish taken at North seas, or at Isleland.

3. An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year 1714. and for the Encouragement of the distilling Brandy from malted Corn and Cyder; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer bills, and Lottery tickets, lost, burnt, or destroyed; to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and others, to lend Money upon South-Sea Stock.

4. An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty's Service, and for the Payment of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

5. An Act for taking away the new Additional Duty of 30l. per Cent, ad Valorem, imposed upon all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne.

6. An Act for taking away Mortuaries within the Dioceses of Bangor, Llandaff St. David's and St. Asaph, and giving a Recompense therefore to the Bishops of the said respective Dioceses; for confirming several Letters Patents granted by her Majesty for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Gloucester to the Mastership of Pembroke College in Oxford, and a Prebend of Rochester to the Provostship of Oriel College in Oxford; and a Prebend of Norwich to the Mastership of Catharine-Hall in Cambridge.

7. An Act to prevent the Growth of Schism, and for the farther Security of the Churches of England and Ireland, as by Law established.

8. An Act for encouraging the Tobacco trade.

9. An Act for laying additional Duties on Soap and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch and exported Coals, and upon Stamp'd Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and for raising 1,400,000l. by way of a Lottery for her Majesty's Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made Wares of Leather, Sheepskins, and Lambskins; for Distribution of 4000l. due to the Officers and Seamen for Gun money; and to adjust the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries; and touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the South-Sea Company; and for appropriating the Monies granted to her Majesty.

10. An Act for raising the Militia, for the Year 1714, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty's Service, and for Payment of the said Forces and their Quarters.

11. An Act to prevent the Listing her Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers, without her Majesty's Licence.

12. An Act for the better Maintenance of the Curates within the Church of England, and for preventing any ecclesiastical Persons from buying the next Avoidance of any Church preferment.

13. An Act to discharge and acquit the commissioners of Equivalent for the Sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings ten Pence halfpenny, by them duly issued out of the Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, which they received.

14. An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King James I. intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which may grow by Popish recusants; and also one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to vest in the two universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists; for vesting in the Lords of Justiciary Power to inflict the same Punishments against Jesuits, Priests, and other trafficking Papists, which the Privy Council of Scotland was empowered to do by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery.

15. An Act for providing a public Reward for such person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea.

16. An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

17. An Act for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by stopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in the County of Essex, and for ascertaining the Coal-Measure.

18. An Act for the preserving all Ships and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or stranded upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or any other of her Majesty's Dominions.

19. An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of Parliament of the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or stained; upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements, for raising the Sum of 1,800,000l. by way of a Lottery, and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; so far as the said Act relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths.

20. An Act to explain and make more effectual an Act passed in the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for preventing Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn in each Piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the same.

21. An Act to explain Part of an Act made in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, (for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year 1709.) so far as the same relates to unwrought Incle, imported into this Kingdom.

22. An Act to continue an Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

23. An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants, into one Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent.

PRIVATE ACTS.

Anno 12 Annae, Stat. 2.

1. AN Act for the building a new Church or Chapel of Ease in Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk, by a Duty or Imposition on all Coals, Culm and Cinders, to be landed there.

2. An Act for the repairing the Highways between Shepherd's Shord and Horsley Upright Gate, leading down Bagdon-Hill in the County of Wilts, and other ruinous Parts of Highways thereunto adjacent.

3. An Act for repairing the Highway or Road from the City of Worcester, to the Borough of Droitwich in the County of Worcester.

4. An Act for repairing the Highways between the Bear Inn in Reading, in the County of Berks, and a certain Place called Burnt-Field in the said County.

5. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate of Joseph Oliver, Gent, lying in the County of Devon, and City of Exon, for Payment of his Debts, and for making Provision for Maintenance and Education of his Daughter.

6. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the ninth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways between Dunstable and Hockley in the County of Bedford.

7. An Act for making the River Nine or Nen, running from Northampton to Peterborough, navigable.

8. An Act for vesting the Lease of the Rectory of Chesterfield in the County of Derby, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of the Debts of George Smith, Esq; deceased, and for making Provision for his Daughter.

9. An Act for the Sale of the Manor and Barton of Widdicombe, in the County of Devon, comprised in the Marriage settlement of Walter Hele, Gent. and Philippe his Wife, and for raising and Pouring the Sum of 1500l. for the Benefit of the Children of the said Walter and Philippe.

10. An Act for upholding and repairing the Bridges and Highways in the County of Edinburgh.

11. An Act for Sale of the Estate of John Tregagle, Esq; deceased, lying in the Counties of Devon and Cornwall, for Payment of Debts, and making Provision for his Children.

12. An Act to make Partition of the Manor of Cottingham, alias Cottingham-Sarum, in the County of York, between Richard Wynne, Esq; and Sarah his Wife, and John Barrington, Esq;

13. An Act for Naturalising Christian William Kirchoff.

14. An Act for repairing and amending the Highways between the Town or Village of Tittensor, and the most Northern Part of Talk on the Hill in But-Lane in the County of Stafford.

15. An Act for making more effectual an Act passed in the 7th and 8th Years of the Reign of his late Majesty K. William III intituled, An Act for erecting of Hospitals and Workhouses in the City of Bristol, and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

16. An Act for the more effectual Amending the Highways leading from Royston in the County of Hertford, to Wansford bridge in the County of Huntingdon.

17. An Act for parting and enclosing two great open Common Fields, and a large open Greensward Common Down, lying and being in the Manor and Parish of Thormarton, alias Farmington, in the County of Gloucester, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

18. An Act for the Rendring valid and effectual two several Indentures of Demise and Mortgage, executed by Scroop, late Lord Viscount How, in the Kingdom of Ireland, deceased, by Virtue of a former Act of Parliament, made for enabling him thereunto, notwithstanding some defects therein.

19. An Act for the Sale of some out parts of the Estate of Simon Scroope, Esq; in the Counties of York and Nottingham, for Payment of his Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

20. An Act for the Sale of certain Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, contained in the Marriage settlement of Francis Cherry, Gent, deceased, and Elizabeth his Wife, and for the converting the same into ready Money for the Benefit of his Wife and Children; and for the Sale of diverse other Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, for the Payment of the Debts of the said Francis Cherry, and of the Debts of William Cherry, Esq; deceased, and other Purposes in the said Act mentioned.

21. An Act for Naturalising Samuel Du Pree.

22. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Rachel Lady Kingston, an Infant, to make a Lease of Part of her Jointure, notwithstanding her Infancy.

23. An Act to enable the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Bellamont, to sell certain Lands in Ireland, for raising Money to purchase the Jointure of Lucy Anne Countess Dowager of Bellamont, and for paying her daughter's Portion.

24. An Act for confirming a Settlement made on the Marriage of the now Lord Viscount Massereen; and for better securing the Jointure of his Lady, and of Rachel Viscountess Dowager Massereen; and for vesting in Trustees certain Lands and Tithes in Ireland, to be sold for the Purposes therein mentioned.

25. An Act for vesting in Frederick Hamilton, Esq; certain Lands and Hereditaments in the Kingdom of Ireland, purchased by him of the Executors of Joseph Ivie, Esq; deceased, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

26. An Act to enable Sir Thomas Pendergast, Bart, an Infant, to sell Part of his Estate lying in the County of Waterford. in the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Payment of his Father's Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

27. An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with Thomas Edwin of London, Merchant, for such Debts as he stands bound for, as Surety for Thomas Coleman, Tobacco merchant.

28. An Act to impower the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to compound with Robert Wise and his Sureties, for such Debts as he owes to her Majesty, or stands bound for as Surety for Customs of Tobacco.

29. An Act for dissolving the Marriage of Franck Loggin with Sarah Gardener, and to enable him to marry again.

30. An Act to enable Ambrose Brown, Esq; and others, to make Sale of the Manor of Bayham in the Counties of Sussex and Kent, and to settle other Lands and Tenements in the County of Surrey, to the same Uses as the said Manor of Bayham now Hands settled.

31. An Act for vesting Part of the Estate of William Brown, an Infant, lying in the Parishes of Bridgwater, Northpetherton and Weston-Zoyland in the County of Somerset, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of a Mortgage, and other Debts and Legacies.

32. An Act for Sale of Part of the Estate late of Brereton Bourchier, Esq; deceased, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

33. An Act for making effectual an Agreement made by the Commissioners for building fifty New Churches with John Walter, Esq; for Ground in the Strand to build one of the new Churches upon.

34. An Act for Naturalising James Eymer and others.

35. An Act for Naturalising Daniel Burr.

THE

STATUTES at Large, &c.

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI III. decimo.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the four and twentieth Day of August, Anno Dom. 1698. in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILLIAM the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the Sixth Day of December 1698, being the first Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for Granting an Aid to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army and other necessary Occasions.

---

BE it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords m.v; this

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority n,

of the same, That the Army and all the respective Regiments, Troops, Companies, Officers and Soldiersbe exltred bu, 0 of the said Army, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon; g ", ^, 'f, f Tweed, hall, oh or before the six and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, '/> u not Jlill in be disbanded, except such Regiments, Troops and Companies consisting only of his Majesty's natural Force? born Subjects, not exceeding seven thousand Persons, Commission and non commission Officers included, as before the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, hall be particularly expressed in and by his Majesties Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of England, in which Proclamation' the particular Number only of each Regiment, Troop and Company hall be expressed.

And be it further enacted and declared, That immediately from and after the said six and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the said Army, Regiments, Troops and Companies (except as before is excepted) is and are hereby actually disbanded.

and. be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the said six and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, all the Regiments, Troops and Companies, Officers and Soldiers, within the Kingdom of Ireland, not being his Majesty's natural born Subjects, be and are hereby enacted and declared to be actually disbanded.

And be it further enacted, That all other the Army, Regiments, Troops, Companies, Officers and Soldiers, within the said Kingdom of Ireland, hall, on or before the first Day of May, one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, be disbanded, except such Regiments, Troops and Companies consisting only of his Majesty's natural born Subjects, not exceeding twelve thousand Persons, Commission and' non commission Officers included, as before the tenth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, hall be particularly" expressed in and by his Majesties Royal Proclamation under the Great Seal of Ireland, iri which Proclamation the particular Number ortly of each Regiment, Troop and Company shall be expressed.'

And be it further enacted and declared, That immediately from and after the said first Day of May one' thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the said Army, Regiments, Troops and Companies in Ireland (except? as before is excepted) is and are hereby actually disbanded

- be it further enacted and declared, That all such Forces within the said Kingdom of Ireland, o — < —

directed to be disbanded, which shall be maintained within that Kingdom, shall be maintained at the foie Charge of the said Kingdom of Ireland.

And be it further enacted, That all and every commission officer and Officers who shall exercise any Power or Authority over the Soldiers in their respective Regiments, Troops or Companies after such Officer or Officers shall be disbanded, and every Person or Persons that shall wittingly and willingly Advise,

Frame, Contrive, Countersign or put in Execution any Proclamation, Commission, Act, Order or Command whatsoever, for continuing together any of the said Regiments, Troops or Companies, or Parts of Regiments, Troops or Companies after they hall be disbanded as aforesaid, he or they so offending shall incur and sustain the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures limited, ordained and provided in and by thej Statute of Provision and Presmunire made in the sixteenth Year of King Richard the Second; and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall from thenceforth be dif ibled, during his Life, to sue or implead any Person in any' action Real or Personal in his own Right, or to make any Gift, Grant, Conveyance or other Disposition of any his Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels which he hath to his own Use, either by Act executed in his lifetime, or by his last Will or otherwise, or to take any Gift, Conveyance or Le. gacy to his own Use: none of the said Soldiers or non commissioned Officers disbanded, as aforesaid,

hall, after the Space of two Days after such disbanding, continue together above ten in a Company.

2

C 2, 3. Anno decimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

And for the Payment of the several Regiments, Troops and Companies in England, hereby declared and appointed to be disbanded, and for supplying other necessary Occasions of the Kingdom, and also for the Payment of the Arrears due to the Forces in Ireland, hereby appointed to be disbanded, during their Continuance upon the English Establishment: Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty, at the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds; which Sum and Sums so to be advanced and lent? shall and may he charged upon the Credit of his Majesty's Exchequer in general, and Tallies of Loan, and Orders for Repayment of the same shall be levied accordingly; of which said Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, so much shall in the first Place be applied for the paying oft' and disbanding the Regiments, Troops and Companies within this Kingdom, hereby enacted to be disbanded, us shall be sufficient for that Service, and the Overplus shall be afterwards applied for other necessary oc cafions of the Kingdom 5 and all and every Sum and Sums of Money, so to be advanced and lent, not exceeding the same Sum of eight hundred thousand Pounds, together with Interest for the same, not exceeding the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid every three Months, until Satisfaction of the Principal, shall be payable, and be paid or satisfied in course, according to the Days or Times of lending the same, unto the respective Lender or Lenders of the same, his, her, or their Executors, ad ministrators, successors or Assigns, out of the first Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted to his Majesty, in this present Session of Parliament; and shall immediately be transferred unto Inch Aid or Supply; anything in this present Act, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Alien, who hath been, or at any time shall be naturalised within the Kingdom of Ireland, by Virtue of any Act of Parliament made or to be made within that Kingdom, or by reason of any Act or Thing done or to be done in pursuance thereof, shall be adjudged or reputed to be his Majesty's natural born Subject, within the Meaning of this Act; nor shall any such Person so naturalised, or to be naturalised, be capable of being continued within any Regiment, Troop or Company, which shall be excepted by either of his Majesty's said Proclamations.

Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Regiments, Troops or Companies, or Parts of Regiments, Troops or Companies, which are to be disbanded, or discharged from his Majesty's Service, by Virtue of this Act, shall be embarked, or ready to be embarked, to be transported beyond the Seas, and shall be hindered by contrary Winds or Weather, beyond the said. six and twentieth Day of March, no Person or Persons shall incur the said Pains and Penalties by this Act ordained, for such their Continuance together during such Hindrance, as aforesaid; any Thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An Act to prevent the making or selling Buttons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs.

4 6? 5 7V.&M.* \\ WHEREAS the Maintenance and Subsistence of many Thousands of Men, Women and chi! o 10. dren, within this Kingdom, depends upon the making of Silk, Mohair, Gimp, and Thread

Buttons with the Needle, and great Numbers of Throwfters, Twifters, Spinners, Winders, Dyers

and others, are employed in preparing the Materials of which such Buttons are made: And whereas the Silk and Mohair, wherewith the said Buttons are made, is purchased in Turkey, and other foreign Parts, in Exchange for our Woollen Manufacture, to the great Consumption and Encouragement thereof: And whereas the making of such needle wrought Buttons hath of late been much lessened and

discouraged by the making and wearing of Buttons made of the Shreds of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Frize, ' Camlet, and other stuff's and Materials of which Clothes are usually made, and also by Buttons made

of Wood only, and turned in Imitation of other Buttons; to the great Impoverishment of all those whose Livelihood depended upon the making the said needle wrought Buttons, and preparing the Ma ' terials thereof; and to the great Prejudice of the Woollen Manufacture, wherewith such Materials are purchased as aforesaid; which Means great Numbers of the said poor People are become burdensome to their respective Parishes: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the Tenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, no Person or Persons whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall make, fell, or seton, or cause to be made, sold, or seton any Clothes or wearing Garments whatsoever, any Buttons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, Frize, Camlet, or any other Stuffs of which Clothes and wearing Garments are usually made, or any Buttons made of Wood only, and turned in Imitation of other Buttons, upon Forfeiture of the Sum of Forty Shillings for every Dozen of such Buttons so made, sold or seton, or caused to be made, sold or seton as aforesaid, and in like Proportion for any lesser Quantity; one Moiety thereof to be to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety thereof to him, her or them that shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

CAP. III.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit or Starch for one Year, from the Tenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety eight.

3

No Buttons to be sold, or made, of Cloth, Serge, cor of Wood, Penalty,

The Penalty made 5l. by 8 Anns, C 6, and 40 s. laid on the Wearer by 7 Geo. 1.

Stat. 1, C 12.

1.

a Salk. II

Ld. Raym. k176.

see$gee. L C 7. IXP.

Anno

A.D. 1699.

G. 4. 3

Anno Regni Guglielmi III decimo Sc undecimo.

CAP. IV.

An Act to prohibit the excessive distilltng of Spirits and Low Wines from Corn, and against

- exporting of Beer and Ale, and to prevent Frauds in Distillers

is found by Experience, that the drawing, distilling and making of Brandies or

yv Spirits from Malt is one Cause of the present Dearness of Corn, especially of Barley, in this

Realm, and by Reason of the great Scarcity of Corn in Foreign Parts, and the Restraints which are or

may be made there of distilling Spirits from Corn, great Demands are and may be made of Spirits drawn

from malted Corn in this Kingdom, to supply the Occasions of those Foreign Parts, which muff needs

tend to a further enhancing of the Price of Corn here, and prove a great Grievance to many of his Ma

good Subjects, if a speedy Remedy be not provided Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the last Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the First Day of February which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall directly or indirectly draw, diflill or make, or cause or procure to be drawn, distilled or made within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any Brandy, Aqua Vita, Spirits, or Low Wines whatsoever, other than such Quantities as are allowed by this Act, and under such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form as are herein prescribed, from any Malt, Corn or Grain, or from any Wash or Liquors, produced or to be produced

from any Malt, Corn or Grain whatsoever, under the Penalties and Forfeitures herein after mentioned penalty on siftil (that is to say) that all the Brandy, Aqua Vita, Spirits and Low Wines, so made or drawn, shall be ling greater forfeited, and that every Offender and Offenders therein shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Shillings for Quantities of every Gallon of Brandy, Aqua Vita, Spirits, or Low Wines, which shall be drawn, distilled, or made, contrary to this Act, and moreover, that all the Stills, Backs, Casks, and other Utensils and Vessels ty "hisaot employed in the distilling, drawing, making or keeping the same, or any Part thereof, shall be forfeited; the Moiety of all which Penalties and Forfeitures shall be to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same; and the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall and may be recovered in the same Manner and by the same Means, as any Penalties and Forfeitures by any of the Laws and Statutes for the Excise now in Force, for any Offence or Offences against the same, are or may be recovered: And that all Servants and others, who shall be wittingly or willingly aiding or assisting in the making of the said Spirits or Low Wines contrary to this Act, and being thereof duly convicted in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or at the General Quarter sessions of the County, City, Riding, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, or where such Person or Persons shall be apprehended or arrested for such Offence, shall suffer Imprisonment by the Space of six Months without Bail or Mainprize.

II. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons drawing Spirits, Bran Yeaftimy be dy, or Low Wines from any Foreign Materials, or any English Materials, other than such as are prohi used forfermcn bited by this Act, to make use of a reasonable Quantity of Yeast for the Fermentation of their Wash, in tation ofwaifc, order to the distilling of the same; anything in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas it is found by Experience, That his Majesty hath been very much defrauded of his 1 Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits by many Distillers and other Persons, who keep or setup private

and concealed Warehouses, Storehouses, Cellars or other Places, or private or concealed Stills, Backs or other Vessels for the making, preparing or keeping Wash, Low Wines, Spirits or other Materials fit for Distillation, and by private Pipes and stopcocks, and other private Conveyances, have Commu nication between their private and public Backs and other Vessels, by which they do privately convey

their Wash or other Liquors fit for Distillation from one Back or other Vessel to another, by Means whereof the Officers cannot take and keep a true and distinct Account of such Wash and other Liquors fit for Distillation, nor of the Low Wines and Spirits made or drawn from the same: And whereas the Gaugers and Officers of Excise are not sufficiently empowered by Law, upon Suspicion or knowledge of such Frauds, to enter the Houses or Places where the same are practised without Consent of the Pof ' feftors thereof, or upon Entry and Discovery of such Frauds, cannot find out or discover the Person or Persons concerned therein, by Reason that the true Owner or Owners, of such Warehouses, Store houses, Cellars or other Places, Stills, Backs or other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash or other Materials fit for Distillation, will not appear or claim any Interest therein, but frequently disown the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Distiller having and keeping any Private Pipe private Pipe or stopcock, or other private Conveyance, by which any Wash or other Liquors fit for Di stopcock, flillation may be conveyed from one Back or Vessel to another, or from any such Back or other Vessel to to be their Still or Stills, or into any other Place, shall, before the Eight and twentieth Day of February one ta cn thousand six hundred ninety-eight, take up or demolish every such Pipe, stop coek, or other private Conveyance, and shall also stop up every Hole in every such Back or Washbatch, by which any Wash

or other Liquors fit for Distillation may be conveyed into or out of such Back or Washbatch, or any of them, and that no Distiller, from ajid after the said Eight and twentieth Day of February, shall have or

p 2 keep

C 4.

Anno decimo Sc undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

Penalty on Distiller

Excise Officers may search for such Pipes, Gsfc*

and break up the same.

In case no Pipe

keep any private Pipe, stopcock, or other private Conveyance, by which any wah or other Liquors fit for Distillation, may be conveyed from one Back or other Vessel to another, or from any such Back or other Vessel to his or her Still or Stills, or into any other Place, nor shall have or keep any Hole in any such Back or Walhbatch, by which any Waft, or any other Liquors fit for Distillation, maybe conveyed into or out of such Back or Walhbatch, or any of them: On Pain to forfeit for every such Pipe, 'stop cock, Conveyance and Hole, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

IV. And for the better discovering of all such Pipes, stopcocks, and other private Conveyances aforesaid, be it further enacted, That from and after the Paid Eight and twentieth day of February, it ballard may be lawful to and for the Gaugers and Officers of Excise, or any of them, in the daytime, and in the Presence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer for the Peace' (who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein) on Request first made and Cause declared, to break up the Ground in any distilling house, or the Ground near adjoining, or any Wall, Partition, jr other Place, to search for any such Pipe, stopcock, or any other private Conveyance; and upon finding such Pipe or other Conveyance, to break up the Ground, House, Wall or other Partition or Place, through or into which any such Pipe or other Conveyance shall lead, and to break up of cut any such Pipe or other Conveyance, and to turn any Cock or Cocks, to try and examine whether such Pipe of other Conveyance, may or can convey any Wall or other Liquors fit for Distillation, out of one Back or Vessel into another, or from any such Back or Vessel into any Still or Stills, or into any other Place.

V. Provided always, That in case upon such Search, no such Pipe or other private Conveyance hall

Penalty on Distiller obstruct* ing Officer '

Distiller may use Pipes aboveground.

Officer suspect

be found, officer be found, such Gaugers and Officers of Excise hall make good the Ground, Wall, House, or other tomakcsatisfac pace so broken up, as aforesaid, or make reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners thereof, to be non to wher. assu(jge(j by qpwo of the next Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum; or the Party injured hall be at Liberty to bring his Action for the Damages by him sustained; what hall be adjudged by the said Justices, or recovered upon such Action, hall be paid out of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, by the Commissioners thereof for the Time being: And if any Distiller, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, hall oppose, obstruct, or hinder any such Gauger or Officer in the due Execution of the Powers hereby given and granted, every such Distiller, and other Person hall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds.

VI. Provided nevertheless and it is hereby declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distiller to keep and make use of any Pipe, stopcock, or other Conveyance aboveground, which are public, and in open View, from one End thereof to the other, for the letting his Wash out of his publick Coolers into his public Backs or wash batches, and for conveying his Wash or Worts out of such public Back or Walhbatch into his public Stills; anything in this Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Gaugers or Officers of ing private Still, Excise> or any of them, hall know, or have cause to suspect any such private or concealed Still, Back,

or other Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, Wash, or other Materials preparing for Distillation, to be setup or kept in any House or Place, and hall make Affidavit before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace for the County or Place where he hall so know or suspect such private or concealed Still, Back, or other Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, or Materials preparing for Distillation, are or hall be so setup or kept, and hall in such Affidavit declare the Grounds of such his Knowledge or Suspicion, then and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer or Officers, in the daytime, and in the pre X fence of a Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace ( who are hereby required to be aiding and assisting the rein) by Warrant from such Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Affidavit shall be made, to be directed to such Officer or Officers of Excise (which warrant the said Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required to grant) to break open the Door, or any Part of such House or Place, where he or they shall so know or suspect such private or concealed Still, Back, or Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, or Materials for Distillation are so setup or kept; and to enter into such may seize the House or Place, and to seize all such Stills, Backs, or other Vessels, and'^also all such Spirits, Low lame, C Wines, Wall, or other Materials for Distillation that shall be found therein, and to detain and keep the same in such House or other Place where he or they hall find the same so kept private or con and if not claim cealed; and in case the same hall not, within twenty Days next after such Seizure, be claimed by the ed in zo Days, true and lawful Owner thereof, then the said Stills, Backs, and other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, and and foldf0jfc1"d Materials for Distillation shall be absolutely forfeited, and shall and may be sold at the next general Day of Sale, to be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise, or their Officer or Officers respectively, after the said twenty Days are expired; one Moiety of the Proceed thereof (all necessary Charges being first deducted out of the whole) to be paid to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Party or Parties who shall so discover and seize the same; and in case such Stills, Backs, " and other Vessels, Spirits, Low Wines, and Materials for Distillations, shall within the said twenty Penalty on Per Days be claimed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, the Person or Persons so claiming the same, hall tonne danping forfeit and lose for every such Warehouse, Storehouse or other Place, in which any such Still, Back, LC u > c' or other Vessel hall be found, and also for every such Still, Back, and other Vessel found therein, the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

if no private Still

VIII. Provided always, That in case upon such breaking open any such Door or House, no such prise foond, officer vate or concealed Back, Still, or other Vessel, Spirits, Low Wines, wah, or other Materials for diltil to make good lition, shall be found, such Gauger and Officers of Excise shall make good the House or Place so broken the Damage. Up as aforesaid, or make reasonable Satisfaction to the Owner or Owners thereof, to be adjudged by two of the next Justices of the Peace, whereof one to be of the Quorum; or the Party injured shall be at Liberty

5

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmy III C 4.

berty to bring his Action for the Damages by him sustained; what shall be adjudged by the said justices, or recovered upon such Action, shall be paid out of his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, by the commissioners thereof for the Time being; and if any Distiller, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, Penalty on ptr shall oppose, obstruct, or hinder any such Gauger or Officer so authorised, as aforesaid, in the due Exe oppufing of cution of the Powers hereby given and granted, every such Distiller or other Person, shall forfeit and lose fier the Sum of two hundred Pounds; all which said Penalties shall be recovered and levied by the same Means and Methods, as-any Fine' or Penalty imposed by any Law of Excise now in Force is recoverable: one Moiety of which said Forfeitures shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will discover, inform, or sue for the same, as aforesaid.

IX. And whereas many Distillers, on Pretence of rectifying of Spirits, do mix Spirits with Wash and other Liquors, and afterward diflil the same, whereby his Majesty's Duties on low Wines are avoided, C and not duly answered and paid, as by the former Acts is directed and appointed P For Prevention whereof All Spirits be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Spirits made or drawn by any Distiller made from mir from any Mixture of Spirits with any Kind of Wash or other Liquor, (except common Water) shall be tu.re °/^p'nts deemed and taken to be low Wines, and shall be chargeable with the Duties already set and imposed on ^'med low low Wines drawn from foreign Materials. Wines, and

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in such House and Houses, and chargeable with other Edifices which were used aspublick or open Distilleries for the drawing or distilling of Spirits or the Duties, low Wines from Wort or Drink brewed from malted Corn, during the Year ended on the thirtieth Day Proviso of September one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, or during any Part thereof (and in no other House or Place whatsoever) it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owners and Occupiers of the said Houses and Distilleries respectively, at any Time or Times between the last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, and the first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, to draw, distill, and make, or cause to be drawn, distilled, and made, any Spirits or low yvines from Drink or Wort brewed from malted Corn, so as the whole Quantity of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, which between, the said last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, and the said first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, shall be drawn, distilled, or made in every such Distillery respectively, from any Malt, Corn, or Grain, or from the Produce thereof, do not in the whole exceed half the Quantity of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, which in the Year already ended, as aforesaid, were drawn, distilled, or made within the same House or Distillery respectively, from Drink or Wort brewed with malted Corn, and so as the Quantity of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, which in the first, second, third and every other Kalendary Month of the Year, reckoned from the said last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninty and eight, shall be drawn, distilled, or made in every such Distillery respectively, from Malt, Corn, or Grain, or from the Produce thereof, do not exceed half the Quantity of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, which in the like first, second, third, and every other Kalendary Month of the Year, ended as aforesaid, were drawn, distilled, or made within the same House or Distillery respectively, from Drink or Wort brewed with malted Corn; and in Case any Doubt or Controversy shall arise concerning the Quantity of Spirits or low Wines which were drawn or distilled in any House or Distillery within or during the said Year, ended on the' said thirtieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, or any Month of the same, from Drink or Worts brewed from malted Corn, or concerning the exceeding of half that Quantity or Proportion in the Year to be reckoned from the said last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, or in any Month thereof, then the same shall be determined by the Accounts or Vouchers returned into the head Office of the Excise, containing the Quantities of such low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction made in every such House or Distillery within or during the Year already ended, as aforesaid, whereby his Majesty's Duties were charged or chargeable, or by the Entries of the same, to which all Persons concerned (upon reasonable Request) shall have free Access without Fee or Charge; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Excise, or any three or more of them, upon Request to them made, shall make forth and deliver in Writing under their Hands, gratis, to the Owners or Occupiers aforesaid, or such as they shall appoint, a true Account of the Quantities of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, charged in the said Vouchers, as were made in every respective Distillery in each respective Month of the Year, ended at the thirtieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, as aforesaid, from Drink or Worts brewed with malted Corn.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from Frcm j.s Feb, and after the last Day of February in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and eight, 1698. to 1 Feb; and before the first Day of February which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred 1699- n Beer ninety and nine, shall directly or indirectly export, transport, carry out, convey, or cause or procure to to be

be exported or transported, carried, or conveyed out of or from the said Kingdom of England, Dominion expor of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any of them, or load or lay on board, or cause or procure to be loaden or laid on board in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, in order to be exported or carried out of the Kingdom, Dominion, or Town aforesaid, for any foreign Parts, any Beer Ale, or any Wash or Worts drawn from Corn, or any Ale or Beer from which. Spirits may be extracted, under the Pains and Forfeitures herein after mentioned; that is, to say, for every Barrel of Beer, Ale, Wash, or Worts so exported, Penalty, the Sum of five Pounds, and foin Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Informer, to be recovered as other Penalties by this Act are directed to, be recovered.

1.

6

Proviso,

f Chalts Bsnnet Oiftiller.'

re ena£ud for a j Vears by 9 Geo. >, C 10. from the Year mi

C 5, 6. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

XIII. Provided always, Thar this act or anything therein contained hall not extend to prohibit the Exportation or carrying out of such Beer or Ale as hall be necessary to be carried in any Ship or other Vessel or Vessels, from this Kingdom, or the Dominion aforesaid, or in their Return to the same, only for the Suflenance or Drink of the Commanders, Matters, Mariners, Passengers, or others in the same Ships, and not to be sold in foreign Parts, or for the Supply of any of his Majesty's Ships in foreign Parts; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act: contained shall extend to any Beer or Ale, which hall be exported, or hipped to be exported out or from any of the Ports of this Kingdom, or Dominion of Wales, unto such of his Majesty's Colonies in America, Perfta, or the East Indies, that have been usually supplied with such Liquors from this Kingdom, or from the Dominion of Wales, aforesaid, or for the Sustenation of the said Islands and Colonies, Sorts, Cattles, or Factories therein only, so as the Exporters, before the hipping or laying on board the same for the Islands or Colonies for which the said Liquor is designed, do give sufficient Security, in treble the Value, to the Commissioners or Officers of his Majesty's Customs respectively, who have hereby Power to take such Security, in his Majesty's Name, and to his Majesty's Use, that such Liquors hail not be landed in any Parts whatsoever, other than the Islands and Colonies for which the same hall be so declared; for taking which Security no See or Reward hall be demanded or received; and the said Bond or Bonds, or other Securities, if not prosecuted within three Years, shall be void.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder Charles Bennett Distiller, from drawing or distilling Spirits or low Wines from Worts or Drink brewed from malted Corn, from the last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, to the first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-nine; always so as the whole Quantity of low Wines or Spirits of the first: Extraction, which between the said last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and the said first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, hall be drawn distilled, or made in his now Distillery from any Malt, Corn or Grain, or from the Produce thereof, do not in the whole exceed half the Quantity of low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, by him drawn and extracted in the Year already ended on the thirtieth of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and so as the said Charles Bennett doth observe and perform all Things eife, as all other Distillers are by this Act obliged to observe and perform.

CAP. V.

An act for the clearing, repairing, preserving and maintaining the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth in the County of Norfolk. From 24 July 1699, for twenty-one Years, Ships unlading in Yarmouth Road, to pay for every "Chaldron of Coals, Last of Wheat, Rye, £5'c. Weigh of Salt, Tun of Goods or Merchandise (except Fish) 12d. Bailiffs and Aldermen, fsfe. to appoint ollectors of the Duties, who are to pay the same to the Chamberlains of the Borough, C Twelve Commissioners for inspecting the Accounts to be nominated. Collectors to render to the Commissioners Account of Moneys received, C to take an Oath, and be allowed (din the Pound. Collector may enter into Ship, C and for Nonpayment of Duty maydistrain and fell, rendering the Overplus, Fish, Oil, Fish Livers, and Provision, fac. exempted from Duty. Commissioners for Norfolk and Suffolk to be nominated yearly at the Quarter sessions, and meet in six Weeks after at Great Yarmouth. In Case commissioner do not meet. Bailiffs and Aldermen, lac. to put the act in Execution, who may put in or displace any Collector, fsfe. In Case of Refusal, Bailiffs to levy by Distress. Where no Distress, person to be committed to Gaol. Bailiffs, C to make good the Moneys collected. If any new Work, be found necessary, Commissioners may contract for the same; contract Money to be paid out of tha Duties. Commissioners Bailiffs may act with the other Commissioners. EXP,

CAP. VI.

An act to enlarge the Trade to Russia,

WHEREAS King Philip and Queen Mary, by their Letters Patents dated at Wefnnnfer th»sixth Day of February in the first and second Years of their Reign, being willing to animate, advance and further the Persons in the said Letters Patents named, in their good Purpose and profitable Adventure, for the discovering, deferying and finding out Isles, Lands and Territories unknown, lying to the Northward, and by English Subjects before then not commonly frequented by Sea, as well for the Glory of God, as for illustrating the Royal Dignity in the Increase of the Revenues of the Crown, and the general Wealth of this Realm, and of the Subjects of the same (as in the said Letters Patents is particularly expressed) did incorporate the said Persons by the Name or Merchants Advent turers for the Discovery of Lands, Territories, Isles, and Seigniories unknown, and not by the Seas and Navigations, before their said late Adventure or Enterprise by Sea or Navigation, commonly frequented, with Power to make Statutes, acts, and Ordinances for the good Government of the said Fellowship, and also to admit unto the said Fellowship Persons, to be free of the same and that every Person or Persons so to be admitted, should from the time of his or their Admittances be free of the said Fellowship; and that the said Fellowship should have and enjoy the foie Trade to all the main Lands, Isles, Ports, Havens, Creeks and Rivers of the Emperor of Russia, and to all and Angular other Lands, Dominions, Territories, Ports, Creeks and Arms of the Sea whatsoever, in the said Letters Patents particularly mentioned and described; as by the said Letters Patents (among other Things therein contained) more at large may and doth appear: And \yhereas the Liberties, Powers and Privileges granted by the said Letters Patents, were after

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 7. 7

wards by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, ratified Star. sir.

and confirmed to the said Fellowship and their Successors, by the Name of The Feilowjhtp English S Afer, Tta ' Merchants for Discovery of New Trades, with Power to havx and enjoy all and singular the Liberties, Pri " "tr, vau

vileges, Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities, as well in the said Letters Patents as Act of Parliament mentioned or contained, with a Prohibition, that no Subject or Denizen of this Realm should traffick ' to, visitor frequent any of the Places granted by the said Act, to the said Fellowship to trade in, but

by Order, Agreement or Consent of the Governor, consuls.and. Assistants of the said Fellowship for the

Time being, or the major Part of them; upon Pain that even Person and Persons offending in that Be ' half, should forfeit and lose (ipso fadio) every such Ship and Ships with the Appurtenances, and all such

and Things whatsoever, as by any such Persons should be by any Means, directly or indirectly,

carried, conducted, brought or exchanged in, at or to, through or from any of the Places prohibited,

( contrary to the true Intent of the said Act; one Moiety thereof to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the said Fellowship and their Successors, as by the said Act ' of Parliament (amongst other Things therein contained) more at large may and doth appear: And whereas the easy Admission of Persons into the said Company or Fellowship, will in all Probability tend

very much to the enlarging the said Trade for the public Good, and for that there is no Mention made either in the said Letters Patents, or Act of Parliament, upon what Terms Persons shall be admitted, e or what certain Fine shall be taken by the Fellowship for the admitting Persons to be free thereof, the ascertaining whereof would very much tend to the increasuig the Number of Traders to the said Places Therefore for the ascertaining hereafter what Fine shall be taken by the said Fellowship for the said act missions, and for enlarging and encouraging the Trade to Russia, and other the Places in the said Charter and Act of Parliament mentioned and described; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, every Subject of

this Realm desiring Admission into the said Fellowship of English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades, admitted

commonly called or known by the Name of tj'e Russia Company, on Request in that Behalf to be made to therufiia the Governor, Consuls and Assistants for the Time being of the said Fellowship, or any three or more of Company, pay them, shall be admitted into the said Fellowship, and shall have use and enjoy all the Liberties, Privileges, 'northeast s1 jurisdictions, Franchises, Powers and Authorities granted to the said Fellowship, either by the said Letters Patents or Act of Parliament, as largely, fully and amply, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as any other Member of the said Fellowship could, can or may have, use or enjoy the same by virtue of the said Letters Patents, and Act of Parliament, or either of them; such Subject paying for such his Admission, for the Use of the said Fellowship only, the Sum of five Pounds, and no more.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March, the Sum of five Pounds only, and no more, shall be demanded, taken or accepted by the said Fellowship, for any Admission to the Freedom thereof; any bylaw, Statute, or Ordinance of the said Fellowship, made or to be made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Person or Persons residing Admission by in any out port, or any other Place within this Realm, the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick Agent, upon Tweed, shall make Request to be admitted into the said Fellowship as aforesaid, by his Agent or Deputy, making Tender of five Pounds for his Admission, the said Governor, Consuls and Assistants,

shall under the Common Seal of the said Fellowship, within ten Days after such Request, appoint one or more Person or Persons to admit such Person or Persons into the Freedom of the said Fellowship, and to administer to him and them the Oath to be taken by the Freemen of the said Fellowship; Oath they °ath' are hereby empowered to administer; Admission and Administration of the said Oath shall be as Such Admission good and effectual, as if the same were actually done by the said Governor, Consuls and Assistants. S00<i;

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of his Majesty's Parliament to

Customs shall, at every Session of Parliament, lay before both Houses a true Account in Writing, under akount of na their Hands of what Naval Stores shall have been imported into this Kingdom by any Persons trading to vai stores im" Russia. ported from

Russia.

CAP. VII.

An Act for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament.

FOR preventing Abuses in the Returns of Writs of Summons for the calling and assembling of any 5 r. z. St. z.

Parliament for the future, or Writs for the Choice of any new Member to serve in Parliament; and 4- to the end such Writs may, by the proper Officer or his Deputy, be duly returned and delivered to the 11 H C of the Crown, to be by him filed, according to the ancient and legal Course; it enacted by the 23 H' 6' >4' King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the Sheriff, or other Officer having the Execution and Return of any such Writ which shall be issued for the future, shall, on or he writ when fore the Day that any future Parliament shall be called to meet, and with all convenient Expedition, not returnable, exceeding fourteen Days after any Election made by virtue of any new Writ, either in Person, or by his

Deputy,

Sheriff on Return of Writ to pay the ancient

Sees,

and charge the kmc to the King.

7 & 8w, 3, C 25.

Officer of the Cinque Ports allowed six Pays from Receipt of Writ.

Penalty on Sheriff, fc. not making Return. Farther frmiji tr.s concerning E left ionsj isi'e.

31 <5? 12 TV. 3. C z. fe. 150. 12 ts5 13 IV 3. C C z3. 8 Geo. 2.

G. 8, 9. Anno ciecimo, & undechno Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

Deputy, make Return of the same to the Clerk of the Crown in the High Court of Chancery, to be by him filed; and the Sheriff, or other Person making such Return, shall pay to the said Clerk of the Crown the ancient and lawful Fees of four Shillings, and no more, for every Knight of a Shire, and two Shillings, and no more, for every Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of the Cinque Ports, returned into the said Court, to be by him filed; and the said Sheriff or Officer shall, by virtue of this Act, charge the same to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, and have Allowance thereof in his Account in the Exchequer or elsewhere*

And whereas by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further regulating Elections of Members to ferue in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the electing and returning such Members, it is provided and enacted, That the Officer, on the Receipt of any such Writ, shall, within three Days after such his Receipt, by himself or proper Agent, deliver or cause to be delivered, a Precept or Pre ' cepts to the proper Officer of every Borough, Town Corporate, Port or Place within his Jurisdiction, C to whom the Execution of such Precept doth belong or appertain, which by Experience hath been found' too Short a Time for the Peformance of the same in the Cinque Ports be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth the proper Officer of the Cinque Ports shall be allowed six Days from the Receipt of such Writ for the Delivery of the Precept, according to the Purport of the said at; anything in the said Act, or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sheriff or other Officer or Officers aforesaid, who shall not make the Returns according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eifoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

3, 5 s 10. 2 3 Ann. C l3. 6 Ann. C 7. 23.9 Ann. C 5. 10 Ann. C 19. G? 23. 1 Geo. 1. c. 38, & 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2.

C 30. V9 Geo. 2. c. 38. 11 Geo. 2. c. 24, 13 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 29 Geo. 2. c. 28. 32 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20'.

Cap. vm.

An Act for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgewater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset. John Mallet Esquire, and his Assignees, Conservators of the River Tone, who are empowered to keep the River navigable from Bridgewater to Ham Mills, and thence to Taunton, and cut a new Channel. A Way to the Land on either Side of the River. Conservators to contrast with the Owners of Land for Damage, &c. If Parties dif2gree touching the Value of such Lands, Sheriff to summon a Jury, and the Determination to bind all parties. Agreements to be signed and sealed in four Days after made, and enrolled at the Sessions. On Payment, Conservators may enter on the Lands. Jury may examine Persons on Oath. Parties not appearing. Jury may order what Satisfaction. Which Order shall be good, and vest afee simple Estate in the Conservators. For reimbursing the Conservators with Interest at 61. percent, every Boat, &c. passing from Bridgwater, to Ham Mills, to pay 4 d. a Weigh for Coals Bridgewater Measure, and 2d. per 'Fun for other Goods, Wares, tac. Duties to be paid at k?iap Bridge. In case of Nonpayment, Boat, &c. to be Ilopt, till Duty paid. Boat, &c. passing from Ham Mills to Taunton, to pay Duties at Coal Harbour, 4s. a Weigh for Coals, 2 s. per Tun for other Goods. On Nonpayment to Hop such Boat, &c. until Duty be paid. Boat, &c. passing from Taunton to Bridgwater, to pay 12 d. per Tun for Goods, &c. at the first Lock next to Taunton; In case of Nonpayment to detain such boat tintil duty be paid. After Conservators are reimbursed, only. 1 d. a Weigh on Coals, and 1 d. a Tun on Goods to be paid at Knap Bridge, and 1 s. a Weigh on Coals, and 6 d. a Tun on Goods to be paid at Coal Harbour. 7'oll how to be applied. Surplus to be. employed for the Use of the Poor optaimton, in building an; Hospital, for educating poor Children. Boatmen, &c. may use Winches, &c. An Account of Disbursements to be kept, and entered in a Book, and brought yearly before the Bishop. of Bath and Wells, he. who may allow and distribute the same. Yearly Account to be made up to 24 June. Bishop and Justices may examine Persons on Oath:. Duplicate of the Account to be signed by the Bishop, &c. and kept at the Sessions. Conservators of the River to be perpetual. Present Conservators constituted for Life. When they are reduced to the Number of twenty, Survivors may choose others, "to make them thirty in Number. Conservators may receive any! Gift, ilegacy, &c. and nave Dilates conveyed to them. Five tot be a Committee; and make any Contrast, &c. Conservators may sue or be sued on such Contrasts, and may appoint Servants to manage Estates, and constitute Receivers, &c. but subject to the bishop's Correction. Public Act..

CAP. IX.

EXP. An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of one million four hundred eighty-four thousand and fifteen

Pounds one Shilling eleven Pence three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the navy, and for other necessary Occasions. 3 s. in the Pound.

CAP. X

1

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C io.

9

CAP. X

An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

FORASMUCH as Wool and the Woollen Manufactures of Cloth, Sergej Bays, Kerseys, and other Stuffs made or mixed with Wool, are the greatest and most profitable Commodities of this Kingdom, on which the Value of Lands, and the Trade of the Nation do chiefly depend: And whereas great Quantities of the like Manufactures have of late been made, and are daily increasing in the Kingdom of Ireland, and in the English Plantations in America, and are exported from thence to foreign Markets, heretofore supplied from England, which will inevitably fink the Value of Lands, and tend to the Ruin of the Trade, and the Woollen Manufactures of this Realm For the Prevention whereof, and for the Encouragement of the woollen Manufactures within this kingdom, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the Four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall directly or indirectly export, transport, ship off, carry or convey, or cause of procure to be exported, transported, shipped oft, carried, or conveyed out of, or from the said Kingdom of Ireland, into any foreign Realm, States, or Dominions, or into any Parts or Places whatsoever, other than the Part's within the Kingdom of England, or the Dominion of Wales, any the Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Woollflocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or Woollflocks, or shall directly or indirectly load, or cause to be loaden upon any Horse, Cart, or other Carriage, or load or lay on board, or cause to be laden or laid on board in any Ship or Vessel, in any Place or Parts within or belonging to the said Kingdom of Ireland, any such Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Woollflocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Bays, Kerseys, Serges, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery or Woollen Manufactures, to the Intent or Purpose to export, transport, ship off, carry or convey the same, or cause the same to be exported, transported, shipped off, carried or conveyed out of the said Kingdom of Ireland, or out of any Port or Place belonging to the same, or with Intent or Purpose, that any Person or Persons whatsoever should so export, transport, ship off, carry or convey the same out of the said Kingdom of Ireland, into any Ports or Places, except as aforesaid.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of the Offender and Offenders, Offence and Offences aforesaid, shall be subject and liable to the respective Pains, and Penalties, and Forfeitures hereafter following (that is to say) The said Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Woollflocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth serges, Shalloons, or any other Draperies, Stuffs, or any other Manufactures, made of or mixed with Wool or Woollflocks, so exported, transported, shipped off, or carried, conveyed, or loaden, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, shall be forfeited; and that every of the Offender and Offenders therein shall likewise forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds for every such Offence; and all and every Ship, Vessel, Barge, Boat, or other Bottom whatsoever, wherein any of the said Commodities are or shall be shipped or laid on board, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this act, shall be forfeited, with all her Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture to them and every of them belonging; and the Masters and Mariners thereof, or any Porters, Carriers, Waggoners, Boatmen, or other Persons whatsoever, knowing such Offence, and wittingly aiding and assisting the rein, shall forfeit forty Pounds; of which one Moiety shall be to him or them that shall sue for the same by Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record in England, or Ireland, and the other Moiety thereof to the Encouragement of setting up the Linen Manufactures in Ireland, to be disposed of by the Court of Exchequer there for that Use only in which suir no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

III. And to prevent evading the Penalties of this Act, by Pretention of Prosecution or Acquittals in Ireland, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Acquittal, nor any Indictment, Information, or Suit (unless the Offender be thereupon convicted) in Ireland, for any Offence provided against in this Act, shall be pleaded or allowed in Bar or Delay of any Indictment, " Information, Suit, or Prosecution within the Kingdom of England.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to seize, take, secure, and convey to his Majesty's next Warehouse, all such Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Woolflocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serges, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth serges, Shalloons, Stuffs, and other Draperies and Woollen Manufactures or mixed with Wool or Woollflocks, as he or they shall happen to see, find, know, or discover to be laid on board in any Ship, Vessel, or Boat, or to be brought, carried, or laid on shore, at or near the Sea, or any navigable River or Water, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported or conveyed out of the said Kingdom of Ireland, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, or to be laden upon any Horse, Cart, or other Carriage, to the Intent or Purpose to be exported, conveyed, or carried into any foreign Parts or Places, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and also that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons to seize and secure all and every such Ship, Hulk, Vessel, Vol. IV C Barge,

( This Act midc more efifeflual by 5 Geo. a. C zi.'

zzcar. i. t. 32.

from 24 June 1699,

Burn, V s. 583, C

No Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, cito be exported out of Ireland, to any Place but England, Scc explained by 11 17. IV 3. c. 13.*Wool laid near the Sea, &c. ia order to be exported, is forfeited by 5 Geo.

1, C X §. 21.*

Penalties on Offenders.

C By 3 Geo. j. C ZI. §. 4.

One Moiety is given to the King

No Acquittal, fc. in Ireland, allowed in Bar of any Prosecution in England.

Any Person may seize all such Wool, C

And also the Ship, Hulk, C

io C io. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1669.

Selzer indemnified for so doing.

Bond to be given for Ship taking on boardwooljen Commodities.

Ship taking Goods on board before Bond given, to be forfeited.

A Register to be kept of Goods imported from Ireland.

Cockets, C to be written on Paper, and signed.

Goods to be viewed by Surveyor,

Quantities to be expressed on the Gocket, C

Commissioners of the Customs of Ireland to transmit the Quantities, C Goods exported, to the commissioners of the Customs in England, and Duplicates of the Bonds, cas also Dates of Certificates.

Certificates to be written on Paper, C

Ports for exporting and importing Goods. 'by4ann2c, cy. Goods may be exported from New Ross.'

Penalty cn Cumin ifiioner or Officer of the cu floms, Csfc,

Barge, or Boat, of what Kind soever, or wheresoever found or discovered, wherein any of the aforesaid Commodities shall happen to be hipped or put on board, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that such Person or Persons that mall happen so to seize, take, or secure any of the Commodities aforesaid, or any such Ship, Vessel, Hulk, Barge, or Boat, as aforesaid, shall be indemnified for so doing, to all Intents and Purposes.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Ship or Vessel, which from and after the said Four and twentieth Day of June shall set out and sail from the said Kingdom of Ireland, in order to export or carry off any of the Commodities aforesaid to this Kingdom, Bond shall be given by two sufficient Persons, known Inhabitants of and residing in or near the Place where the Bond is or shall be given, to the chief Officers of the Customs, belonging to the said Port or Place in the said Kingdom of Ireland, from whence the said Ship or Vessel shall set Sail, in double the Value of any the aforesaid Goods, intended to be transported as aforesaid, before the said Ship or Vessel shall be permitted to lade on board any of the Commodities aforesaid, with Condition that if the said Ship or Vessel shall lade or take on board any of the said Goods, in the Kingdom of Ireland, that then and in such Case all the said Goods shall be brought, by the same Ship or Vessel, to some Port or Ports within the Kingdom of England, or the Dominion of Wales, as aforesaid, and shall there unlade or put on shore the same, and pay the Custom and Duties thereof, the Danger of the Seas only excepted. And that every Ship or Vessel, which shall lade or take on board any of the said Goods, until such Bond be given, shall be forfeited, to be recovered and employed in Manner as aforesaid.

VI. And for the more effectual Execution of the Powers granted by this Act; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Register be kept at the customhouse in London, of all the aforesaid Goods, from Time to Time imported from Ireland, into any of the Ports within this Kingdom, or Dominion of Wales, with the particular Qualities and Quantities thereof, the mailer's and Owners Names, and to whom consigned.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cockets and Warrants for the carrying or transporting of any of the aforesaid Goods, from the Kingdom of Ireland, to any Port or Ports aforesaid, within this Kingdom, shall be written upon Paper, and not Parchment, and signed by three of the chief Officers of such respective Port at least, and all Certificates of landing the same in any the Ports aforesaid, within this Kingdom, or Dominion of Wales, shall be signed in like.manner; and that all the Goods aforesaid, both at shipping and landing, shall be viewed and examined by the Surveyor or Searcher, or land waiter, attending the shipping or Discharge of any the aforesaid Goods; and that the exact Quantities and Qualities, Marks, and Numbers of the Goods aforesaid, so shipped in Ireland, shall be particularly expressed, and endorsed upon the Cocket, by which the said Goods are or were to be shipped, and likewise upon the Warrant for landing the same in England, and also upon the Certificate or Certificates, given or to be given, for discharging the Bond or Bonds taken in Ireland for the same.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, the Commissioners of the Revenue, or Furfiiers of the Customs, or of the Revenue of the Kingdom of Ireland, for the Time being, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, once within every six Months, or within thirty Days after the End thereof, transmit or cause to be transmitted unto the Commissioners or Farmers of his Majesty's Customs in England, of all such Goods as aforesaid, as shall from Time to Time be exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland, the Qualities and Quantities thereof, and Duplicates of the Bonds taken for lading the same, and by whom and in what Ships exported, and where and to what Port in the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of Wales, consigned, and the Names of the Persons signing the Certificates of the landing the same in England, and the Date of the said Certificates, and where the same are or were laden, and also of the Qualities and Quantities, Marks, and Numbers contained in the said Certificates, in order that the same may be compared with the registered Account, appointed by this Act to be kept by the Commissioners or Farmers of the Customs of this Kingdom.

IX. And for preventing the Mischief of raising, obliterating, or interlining such Certificates, as aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Certificates shall be written upon Paper, and not Parchment, and that the Quantities and Qualities, Marks, and Numbers therein expressed shall not be obliterated or interlined upon any Pretence whatsoever.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Goods as aforesaid, as shall from Time to Time be exported from the said Kingdom of Ireland, into the Ports of this Kingdom, or Dominion of Wales, in Manner as aforesaid, shall be shipped off and entered at the Ports of Dublin, Waterford, Youghall, Kingsale, Cork, and Drogheda, in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and at or from no other Port or Place within the said Kingdom; nor shall the same be imported into any Parts of the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of Wales, other than the Ports of Biddtford, Barnstaple, Minehead, Bridgewater, Bristol, Milford Haven, Chester, and Liverpool, anything in this Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. and to the Intent and Purpose that this Act may more effectually be put in Execution, for preventing the growing Mischiefs that daily do or may arise to this Kingdom, from the exportation of such Goods as aforesaid, or any of them, out of the Kingdom of Ireland, should the same still he suffered to be sent from thence to supply the foreign Markets, that are or have been supplied from England, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Commissioner or Commissioners, Farmer or Farmers of the Revenue of Ireland, or Officer or Officers employed under them in the Management of the said Revenue there, shall, from and after the said Four and twentieth Day of June, take or suffer to be taken any Entry outward, or sign any Cocket, Warrant or Sufferance, for the shipping and exporting any such Goods, as aforesaid, into any Kingdom, State, or Dominion whatsoever (except as aforesaid) or

shall

A.D. 1669. Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III C 10.

shall wittingly or willingly permit, contrive, or suffer the same to be done, direiftly or indirectly, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this AXE, that then, and in every such Case, such Commissioner or Commissioners, Farmer or Farmers, Officer or Officers, so offending in the signing such Cocket, Warrant, or Sufferance for the shipping or exporting any of the said Goods into any other Kingdom, State, or Dominion, or Place whatsoever (except as aforesaid) or passing such Entry for the same, or any wise conniving the reat, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, or shall otherwise fail or neglect to perform all other Duties required by this present at, shall for every such Offence or Neglect forfeit his Office, and shall moreover for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and employed in Manner and Form as aforesaid.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Offence which shall be done or

committed contrary to this Act, shall and may be inquired of, tried, heard, and determined in the County where any such Goods, as aforesaid, shall be so laden or put on board, as aforesaid, or else in the County, either in England or Ireland, where such Offender shall happen to be apprehended or arrested for such Offence, or where any such of the Goods aforesaid, or the said Ship or Ships, Vessels, Hulks, Barks, or Boats shall happen to be seized or taken, or brought in; and that the said Trial shall be in such Manner and f orm, and in such Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Offence had been wholly done and committed in the same County.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any aion, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person for what he shall do in pursuance of this Act, such Person so sued shall and may file a Common Bail, or enter into a Common Appearance, and plead the General Issue Not guilty, and upon Issue joined may give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdictpafs against him, or if upon Demurrer Judgement pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs and Damages for the Molestation.

XIV. And for the further Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of England, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, from and after the said Four and twentieth Day of June, to import from the said Ports of Dublin, Waterford, Tough all. King fie, Cork, and Drogheda, in the Kingdom of Ireland, any Woolls, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, vvoollflocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serges, Bays, Kerseys, Frizes, Druggets, Shalloons, Stuffs, Cloth serges, or any other Drapery made of or mixed with Wool, or Woollflocks, and manufactured in the Kingdom of Ireland, into such Ports of this Kingdom or Dominion of Wales only, as aforesaid, so as Notice be first given to the Commissioners or chief Managers of his Majesty's Customs in this Kingdom, or to the chief Customer or Collector in the Port to which the same is intended to be brought, of the Quantity, Quality, and Package, together with the Marks and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship and Master or Commander, on which the said Goods are to be laden, and the Place or Port into which they are intended to be imported, and so as Bond be first entered into, to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, with one or more sufficient Sureties, in treble the Value of the Goods so intended to be imported, that the same shall (the Dangers of the Seas excepted) be landed accordingly, and so as a Licence be also first taken, under the Hands of the Commissioners or chief Managers of the Customs for the Time being, or three of them, or from the chief Customer or Collector where such Eond is given, for the landing and importing thereof as aforesaid; Licence they are hereby authorised and required to grant, without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the same; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And for the more effectual preventing the Transportation of Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, or Woollflocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, or any Manufactures of Wool orwooll flocks, or mixed with the same, into foreign Parts; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures of the Bonds, which by this Actor any other former Law or Usage are to be given, or have been given in the Kingdom of Ireland, for any Wool, or any of the Commodities aforesaid, intended to be exported from that Kingdom, to be brought into the Ports of this Kingdom, or.dominion of Wales, as aforesaid, shall not, on any Consideration whatsoever, be granted or assigned over to any Person whatsoever; and that all such Grants or Assignments are and shall be void to all Intents and Purposes; any Law, Usage or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding,

XVI. And for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool out of this Kingdom or Ireland, into foreign Parts; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Admiral of England, or Commissioners for executing the Office of High Admiral for the Time being, shall direct and appoint two Ships of the fifth Rate, and two Ships of the sixth Rate, and eight armed Sloops, constantly to cruise on the Coasts of England and Ireland, particularly between the North of Ireland and Scotland, with Orders to take and seize all Ships, Vessels, and Boits, which shall export any Wool with Intent to carry it into foreign Parts; and that the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners, as aforesaid, shall send a List of all such chips and Sloops, and the Names of the Commanders, together with true Copies of their several ln' structions that are or shall be given, to the Commissioners of the Customs in London, within ten Days after such Orders; as aforesaid, are or shall be given.

XVII. And for the Encouragement of the.commanders and Mariners belonging to the Ships and Sloops aforesaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wool, Ships, Vessels, or Boats that shall be so seized or taken, shall be forfeited, and all such Wool shall be lodged in the King's Warehouse, in' such Port where it is or shall be taken or seized, or into which it shall be brought, until it shall be condemned according to Law; and being so condemned, shall be exposed publicly to Sale, after one and twenty Days, public Notice being given in Writing at the customhouse of the said Port, and on the

II

©ffences where triable.

Persons seed for executing this Act may file a Common Bail, C

Defendant to have treble Costs. Woollen Manufactures may be imported from Ireland to England. See Voit, pag, 629. Article Cloth, and pag. 637. Article Stuffs.

Notice being first given.

and Bond en tred into.

Licence to be granted gratis

Forfeitures on Bonds not af signabie;

All such Alignments void,

Crufing Ships to seize Wool exporting to foreign Parts.

Commissioners of the Customs to have a Lift of the Cruizers.

All Wool, Ships, C so seized to be forfeited,

and ful.d by Inch of Candle.

Royal

Produce how to be divided.

Penalty on Commander neglecting his Duty.

No Wool!, cof the Produce of the English Plantations in America, shall be exported.

under the like Penalties, C

Offenders may be sued in any of the Courts at Westminster, and be obliged to give sufficient Bail.

Act to be given in charge by the Judges of Ireland at the Assizes,

who are to take Accounts of the Execution thereof, and acquaint the Lord Deputy, C therewith.

farther proviji tm relating hereto, 3 Geo. ic. zi.

Geo. i. C 11.

5 Geo. i. C 11. iz Geo. 1. c. 34. 13 Geo. 1. C z, 5 Geo. 2. c. 21.

C 10. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1669.

Royal Exchange of London, "by Inch of Candle, to the said and best Bidder; and all Ships, Vessels, or Boats that hall be so seized and condemned, as aforesaid, hall, together with all their Guns, Tackle, Furniture, and Apparel, be exposed to Sale in like Manner; and that one fourth Part of the Produce of the Wool, Ships, Vessels, and Boats so sold, as aforesaid, hall be to the Commander, one other fourth Part to the Officers of the Ship or Ships, Sloop or Sloops that took the same, one other fourth Part to the Mariners belonging to such Ship, Vessel, or Sloop, to be equally divided and paid amongst the said Mariners, by the Collectors of the said Port, or such Person or Persons as shall be authorised to pa the same, and the other fourth Part thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, after a Deduction made out of the last fourth Part of all the Charges of Prosecution and Condemnation.

XVIII. And for the preventing of all Composition or Confederacy by any Commander of any Ship, Vessel, or sloop, with any Person whatsoever concerned in such Wool or Ship, vessel or Boat, as aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commander of such Ship or Sloop, neglecting his Duty by this Act required, or compounding for any Wool, Ship, Vessel, or Boat, as aforesaid, or conniving at the Exportation of any Wool, hall lose and forfeit all Pay and Wages due to him or them, and suffer six Months Imprisonment, and be forever incapable of serving his Majesty in any Office in the Navy.

XIX. And for the more effectual Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, no Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, wool flocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made or mixed with Wool or Woollflocks, being of the Product or Manufacture of any of the English Plantations in America, shall be loaden or laid on hoard in any Ship or Vessel, in any Place or Parts within any of the said English Plantations, upon any Pretence whatsoever; as likewise that no such Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, Woollflocks, Worsted, Bay, or Woollen Yarn, Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth serges, Shalloons, or any other Drapery Stuffs, or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or Woollflocks, being of the Product or Manufacture of any of the e/glish Plantations in America, as aforesaid, hall be loaden upon any Horse, Cart, or other Carriage, to the Intent and Purpose to be exported, transported, carried or conveyed out of the said English Plantations to any other of the said Plantations, or to any other Place whatsoever; upon the lame and like Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures, to and upon all and every the Offender and Offenders herein, within all and every of the said English Plantations respectively, as are prescribed and provided by this Act: for the like Offences committed within the Kingdom of Ireland; and all Governors or Commanders in Chief of the said respective Plantations, as also all Officers employed in the Customs, or other Branches of his Majesty's Revenue there, are hereby authorised, charged, and required to take effectual Care, that the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, so far forth as it relates to the said respective Plantations, be duly put in Execution.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who after the said four and twentieth Day of June shall be guilty of any Offence or Offences, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this or any other Act of Parliament made for the preventing the Exportation of Wool, shall and may be prosecuted for any such Offence or Offences by Action, Suit, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and thereupon a Capias shall and may issue the first Process, specifying the Sum of the Penalty sued for; and such Person or Persons shall be obliged to give good and sufficient Bail and Security, by natural born Subjects or Denizens, to the Officer ierving or executing such Process against him or them, to appear in the Court out of which such Capias shall issue, at the Day of the Return of such Writ, to answer such Suit or Prosecution, and shall likewise at the Time of such Appearance give sufficient Bail or Security by such Persons as aforesaid, in the said Court, to answer and pay the Forfeitures and Penalties incurred for such Offence or Offences, in case he, she, or they shall be convict thereof, or to yield his, her, or their Bodies to Prison.

XXI. Provid; d also, and it is hereby further enacted, That after the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, or Lords Justices for the Time being for the Kingdom of Ireland, or any of them, are hereby required to give! fireftion n Council, that this Act hall be given in charge by the several Judges of the Kingdom of Ireland, at all the Assizes that hall be held in that Kingdom, to the end that this Act may beftriftly put in Execution, according to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; which said Judges are hereby empowered and required, from Time to Time, to take particular Accounts throughout their respective Circuits, of the due Execution of this Act, and at their Returns to Dublin, at the End of every Circuit, hall acquaint the said Lord Lieutenant, Lord Deputy, or Lords Justices of that Kingdom for the Time being in Council, with all Accounts or Informations they hall have so received of any Breach of the said Act, or Negligence or Faults in any of the Officers to whom the Execution of this Act is committed, to the End that the said Chief Governors, or any of them, for the Time being, may be the better informed and enabled to look to and provide for the strict and punctual Observation of this Act, throughout that Kingdom; of which the said' Chief Governors, or any of them, for the Time being, hall once every Year lay a particular Accoqnt in Writing, under his or their Hands, before the King, his Heirs and successors, in Council.

is Geo. a.*SI. JJ Got., C s7. 15 Geo. a. C If, s6 Geo. a. (. 8. & 1 u s9 g11. 1. C 33. 30 Geo. 1. C ir"

I

13

A.D. 1669. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 11 — 14.

Cap. XI

An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as Jiave been in his Majesty's Service, during the late War, exp.

to exercise Trades: And for Officers to account with their Soldiers. 5 Eji2. C 4.

CAP. XII.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

II. AND whereas Papists, reputed Papists, and such Persons as do or shall refuse to take the Oaths 1.

j. mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made in the first Year cif the Reign of King William and C 8.

Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, when lawfully tendred to them, are not thought lit to be intruded with setting out Horses and 4 5 PM*in the \ ilitia of this Kingdom; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Paf' 3; pile, or reputed Papist, or other Person refusing to take the Oaths as aforesaid, are in respect of their E Paplfis. C h^rgf' Rates charged or chargeable to the finding any Horse, Horseman and Arms, or any Foot Soldier and fngehorse and Arms, the Lieutenant or Lieutenants, or in their Absence, the Deputy Lieutenants of and for the Coun Arms, V ty, Riding, Division or Place where such Estates do lie, or three or more of them, are hereby authorised Urn 2 _ and empowered to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think most meet and proper, 150, W. to furnish and set forth one or more Horse, Horsemen and Arms, or Foot Soldiers and Arms, for the said Lieutenant, V Estates; and hail and may charge the same Estates with the Payment of the yearly Sums hereafter to fumift, and mentioned; that is to say, For a Horse, Horseman and Arms, the Sum of eight Pounds, and for every arse <nch Pa foot Soldier and Arms, the Sum of thirty Shillings, to be paid to the persons that shall furnish and set p, T forth the same: And in case such Papist, or reputed Papid, or Persons refusing to take the Oaths as a; mcn»aforesaid, shall neg]eft or refuse to pay the same upon Demand, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lieutenants, or three or more of the said Deputy Lieutenants, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy the same by Didress and Sale of the Goods of such Papid, or reputed Papid, or Person refusing to take the Oaths as aforesaid, or upon his and their several and respective Tenant or Tenants, and the remaining Arrears from the said Persons refusing the Discharge thereof, for the like Services already performed, to be adjudged and determined by three Deputy Lieutenants, or more of them, rendering the Overplus to the Party so didrained, all necessary Charges in levying thereof being fird deducted; the Tenant or Tenants so paying or didrained on as aforesaid, shall and are hereby empowered to deduct the same out of their Rents payable for the said Estates.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where two or more Persons are charg Where two«ed to find any Horse or Foot Soldier and Arms? it shall and may be lawful to and for any three or more Biei: are fhar6e4 Deputy Lieutenants of the same County, Riding, Division, Limits of the Cinque Ports or other Places, Horfmanmd to direct and appoint who shall find the Horse and Arms, or Foot Soldier and Arms, and who shall be the Contributors, and to settle the Sums of Money to be paid by every Contributor, in case the same Deputy Lieute contribution be not ascertained by Agreement of the Parties: And if any Person so charged as a Contri n^nt may direct butor, being Inhabitant of the said County, Riding, Division, Limits of the Cinque Ports, or other ho ^all Place, shall refuse to pay his Proportion upon Demand, or in case he be not an Inhabitant in that Coun u' ty. Riding, Division, Limits of the Cinque Ports, or other Place, his Tenant or Tenants, whose Estate is charged with the same Proportion, shall neglect or refuse to pay his said Proportion upon Demand, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for three or more Deputy Lieutenants of the said County,

Riding, Division, Limits of the Cinque Ports, or other Place, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to levy such Sum and Sums of Money, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person so neglecting or refusing to pay, if he be an Inhabitant of the same County, Riding, Division, Limits of the Cinque Ports, or 'other Place, and in case he dwell out of the County, Riding, Division, Limits of the Cinque Farther Pro/? ports, or other Place, then by Distress and Sale of the Goods of his Tenant or Tenants, or the Estate« berets, charged with the same Proportion, rendering the Overplus to the Party, all necessary Charge in levying 1 Am sata thereof being first deducted; and the Tenant and Tenants is and are hereby authorised and empowered Slat

to deduct and defaulk the Sum so charged, out of the Rent by him or them payable to his or their Land*',

lord; and the Sum so levied, shall be paid according to the Direction of the Warrant of such three or 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. more Deputy Lieutenants. These Clauses made perpetual by 1 Anna;, Stat. z. cap. 23. fest. 3.] 7 G'° C1

30 Geo. 2. c. 25.

31 Geo. 2. c. 26. 32 Geo. 2. c. 20. 33 Geo 2. X 2, 22 & 24*

CAP. XIII.

An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy exp.

to assassinate the Person of his sacred Majesty.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for limiting certain Times, within which Writs of Error shall be brought for the reversing Fines, Common Recoveries and Ancient Judgments.

WHEREAS Fines and Common Recoveries are the principal Assurances of Mens Estates, and ystot, Titles and Possessions depend thereon, and are protested and secured thereby, and by ancient j. C 32.,

juc'g

t4 C 15, 16. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1669.

Judgments, which nevertheless are reversible at any Time, without Restraint or Limitation, for any Error or Defeat which happens therein by the Ignorance or Carelessness of Clerks, and sometimes by unavoidable Accidents For the Remedy whereof, and for the quieting Mens Titles and Possessions under ancient Fines and Recoveries, and ancient Judgments, be it enacted and ordained by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That no Fine or Common Recovery, nor any Judgement in any real or personal Action, shall from and after the first: Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, be reversed or avoided, for any Error or Defect therein, unless the Writ of Error or Suit for the reversing such Fine, Recovery or Judgement, be commenced, or brought and prosecuted with effect, within twenty Years after such Fine levied, or such Recovery suffered, or Judgement signed or entered of Record.

II. Provided always, That if any Person who is or hall be intituled to any such Writ of Error as aforesaid, shall, at the Time of such Title accrued, be within the Age of twenty-one Years, or Covert, Non compos Mentis, imprisoned, or beyond the Seas, That then such Person, his or her Heirs, Executors or Administrators (notwithstanding the said twenty Years expired) shall and may bring his, her or their Writ of Error, for the reversing any such Fine, Recovery or Judgement, as he, he or they might have done, in case this at had not been made, so as the same be done within five Years after his or her full Age, Discoverture, coming of sound Mind, Enlargement out of Prison, or returning from beyond the Seas, or Death, but not afterwards, or otherwise.

T Fine or Recto very, vsftf. dial I be reversed, unless Writ of Error be brought in to Years after Fine levied, fifr,

Proviso

See Ann. C 16. which gives Cojis cn quafiing Writ f Error,

7 & 8 W 3. C 6. continued for 7 Years.

[Proviso.]

Sin. V 18. 408. Estates limited in Remainder. to the lawful Issue of the Body of any Person j Son or Daughter born after the Deceaseof the Father, may take such Eft ate as if horn in his lifetime, C although there foe no Limitation to Trustees, C

CAP. XV.

An Act for continuing the Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes.

WHEREAS an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes, has been by Experience found very useful and necessary; and whereas the said Act was - to continue but three Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and is now near expiring; ' Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, with all the Clauses and Powers therein contained, hall continue and be in Force for the Space of i'even Years, from and after the Expiration thereof as aforesaid, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XVI.

An act to enable posthumous Children to take Estates as if born in their father's lifetime.

WHEREAS it often happens, that by Marriage and other. Settlements, Estates are limited in Remainder to the Use of the Sons and Daughters, the Issue of such Marriage, with Remainders

over, without limiting an Estate to Trustees to preserve the contingent Remainders limited to such Sons

e and Daughters, by which Means such Sons and Daughters, if they happen to be born after the De ' cease of their Father, are in Danger to be defeated of their Remainder by the next in Remainder after them, and left unprovided for by such Settlements, contrary to the Intent of the Parties that made those Settlements; ' Be it enacted by the King's most: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where any Estate already is or shall hereafter, by any Marriage or other Settlement, be limited in Remainder to, or to the Use of the first or other Son or Sons of the Body of any Person lawfully begotten, with any Remainder or Remainders over to, or to the Use of any other Person or Persons, or in Remainder to, or to the Use of a Daughter or Daughters lawfully begotten, with any Remainder or Remainders to any other Person or Persons, that any Son or Sons, or Daughter or Daughters of such Person or Persons lawfully begotten or to be begotten, that shall be born after the Decease of his, her or their Father, hall and may, by virtue of such Settlement, 'take such Estate so limited to the first and other Sons, or to the Daughter or Daughters, in the same Manner, as if born in the Lifetime of his, her or their Father, although there shall happen no Estate to be limited to Trustees, after the Decease of the Father, to preserve the contingent Remainder to, such afterborn Son or Sons, Daughter or Daughters, until he, he or they come in esse, orare born, to take the same; any Law or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding' '

'Provided always, That nothing in this at shall extend or be construed to extend to divest any e state in Remainder, that by Virtue of any Marriage or other Settlement, is already come to the Possession of any Person or Persons, or to whom any Right is accrued, though not in actual Possession, by Reason or Means of any afterborn Son or Sons, or Daughter or Daughters not happening to be born iji "the Lifetime of his, her or their Father, I

A.D. 1669. Anno decimo 6c undecimo Guglielmi III C 17, 18. 15

CAP. Icvii.

An Act for suppressing of Lotteries.

WHEREAS several evil disposed Persons, for diverse Years aft past, have setup many mifcble

W vous and unlawful Games, called Lotteries, not only in the Cities of London and Westminster,

and in the Suburbs thereof, and Places adjoining, but in moult of the eminent Towns and Places in England, and in the Dominion of Wales, and have thereby moult unjustly and fraudulently got to them

great Sums of Money from the Children and Servants of several Gentlemen, Traders and Mer

and from other unwary Persons, to the utter Ruin and Impoverishment of many Families, and

4 to the Reproach of the English Laws and Government, by Colour of several Patents or Grants under the Great Seal of England for the said Lotteries, or some of them; which said Grants or Patents are against: the common Good, Trade, Welfare and Peace of his Majesty's Kingdoms: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted, adjudged and declared, and it is hereby enacted, adjudged and declared by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, a id Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all lotteriesdccla such Lotteries, and all other Lotteries, are common and public Nuisances, and that all Grants, Patents put>lick nui and Licences for such Lotteries, or any other Lotteries, are void and against Law. Grants thereof

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth void.

Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord God one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, F^Dcc no Person or Persons whatsoever shall publicly or privately exercise, keep open, show or expose to be zn90 peer'_ plaid at, drawn at, or thrown at, or shall draw, play or throw at any such Lottery, or any other Lot son to keep open tery, either by Dice, Lots, Cards, Balls, or any other Numbers or Figures, or any other Way whatso fiichlottery, C ever; and that every Person or Persons that shall, after the said nine and twentieth Day of December, ex Penalty on of ercife, expose, open or show to be plaid, thrown or drawn at, any such Lottery, Play or Device, or fender, other Lottery, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of Five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by9 Anne 6 information, Bill, Plaint or Action at Law in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no ^5

Essoin, Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one third Part thereof to z

the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one other third Part thereof to the Use of the Poor of sgeofi. C i. the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, and the other third Part thereof, together with double §. 36.

Costs, to the Party that shall inform and sue for the same; and the said Parties so offending shall like 9 geo C9 wise be prosecuted as common Rogues, according to the Statutes in that case made and provided. Ge, 2'C'L*

III. And be it further enacted, That every Person or Persons, that after the said nine and twentieth p z9'

Day of December, shall play, throw, or draw at any such Lottery, Play, or Device, brother Lotteries, fe" api; Lng acer" shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered by Information, Bill, such Lotteries. Plaint, or Action at Law, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. Law, nor any more than one Imparlance, shall be allowed, one third Part thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, one other third Part thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, and the other third Part thereof, together with double Costs, to the Party that shall inform and sue for the same.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend ro5'ai Lotto

effect or to enforce the suppressing of a Lottery, commonly called. The Royal Oak Lottery, for the Re p3 continue mainder only of the Term for which it now stands granted by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Ranted bypa england; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding only.

V. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to afledl, restrain, or prejudice the This Act t<j Undertaking now in being called, The charitable Adventure for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, by affc& the lot the present Undertakers thereof, with the Approbation of the Governors and Commissioners appointed tery sr greee for the Management of the said Hospital, for any Time before the four and twentieth Day of June one wici» Hospital. thousand seven hundred.

1 fc

A P. XVIII

An Act for taking off the remaining Duties upon Glass Wares.

C it.

j for carrying on the War against.

and Duties, therein mentioned, were laid upon all Glass and Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, which at any Time or Times, during the Term of five Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of September which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety five, should be made within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town oi berwick upon Tweed, or imported, or brought into the same; and in and by another Act made and passed in the Parliament held at Westminster in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, an act for continuing to his Ma 7 V 3.0.3:; 4 jessy certain Duties upon Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a national Land Bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Tunnage of Ships, and upon Coals, the aforesaid Rates and Duties upon Glass or Glass Wares, Stone Bottles, and Earthen Bottles, are continued and granted

- t

16 C 19, 20. Anno dfecimo undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1669.

to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for ever: And whereas by another Act made and passed in the9W, 3. c. 45. ' Parliament held at Westminster in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for ta king away half the Duties unpojed on Glass, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes, and for granting (in lieu thereof) new Duties Upon Whale Sins and Scotch Linen, it is (amongst other Things) enabled, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, one Moiety or half part of the several Rates and Duties by the aforesaid Acts, or either of them, charged and made payable for or upon the said Glass and Glass Wares should cease, determine, and be no longer payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors; by the said several Acts of Parliament, Relation be ing thereunto severally had, may more fully appear: And whereas it is found by Experience, that the remaining Duties on Glass and Glass Wares are very vexatious and troublesome in the levying and col ledling the same, and of small Advantage to the Crown, and, should the same be continued, would lessen the Duty on Coals, much more than the said Duties on Glass Wares will amount to, will hinder the employing great N umbers of Poor, and endanger the Loss of so beneficial a Manufacture to this Kingdom; be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Remaining Du the same. That from and after the first Day of August one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the remaining ties on Glass and moiety or half part of the several Rates and Duties by the aforesaid Acts, any or either of them, charged Glass Wares de or imposed, for and upon the said Glass or Glass Wares, hall cease, determine, and be no longer payable, paid, or collected to or to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Manner of wife; anything in the said Acts, any or either of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIX.

PR. An Act for the making and keeping navigable the Rivers of Air and Colder in the County of York. The

Undertakers may build Locks, Wears, &c. make Ways, (3'c. or turn Highways, and set out towing paths, satisfying the Owners, Commissioners to be Mediators between the Undertakers and Owners of Lanas, &c. Persons refusing to agree, &c. Sheriff of York to impanel a Jury. Jury on Oath to inquire and assess Damages. Commissioners thereupon to give Judgement, which hall be binding, and kept among the Records at the Sessions, and a Transcript thereof at Leeds. On Payment of the Sums agreed, &c. Undertakers may dig, &c. Commissioners in case of Death or Refusal, may nominate others, having an Estate of 200l. per Annum, or 4, 000l. For every Tun of Cloth or other Goods, &c. carried up or down the said Rivers from Weeland to Leeds and Wakefield, he. yearly from 1 May to 1 October, 10s. And from 1 October to 1 May 16.r. See. On nonpayment Undertakers may sue, or detain the Goods, &c. Watermen, &c. may setup Winches, &c. Barge or Boat Mailers answerable for Damages, to the Wears, Locks, &c. or to the Owners of Lands, C Commissioners to have the foie Power of surveying the said Rivers, &c. and exempted from Commissions of Sewers. Undertakers to be at the sole charge of cleansing, &c. Undertakers obliged to purchase Mills, &c. at the Rates appointed, and satisfy the Owners for damages. Undertakers to raise the Banks of the Rivers proportionably, and maintain the same in good Repair. Royalties, &c. of pontefraci reserved. Knottingley Mill Dam not to be demolished. No new Cut to be made between Weeland and Ouze. This Act not to prejudice Pontefract ancient Tolls, &c. Knottingley Boats, &c. exempted from Tolls.

CAP. XX.

f It., An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Lekejhr, Derby, and Stafford, navigable.

William Lord Paget, Lord of the Manor of Burton upon Trent, he. to have full Power for making the River Trent navigable, from Wilden Ferry to Burton Town, and cut the Banks, &c. and alter and amend the same, and make Ways, &c. and towing paths. Commissioners to adjust Differences, and settle the Satisfaction to be made. Persons not agreeing, Commissioners to ascertain the Damages, on the Oaths of a Jury, and decree what Recompense the Owner halt have, which hall be conclusive, &c. If the Matter lie between two Counties, Sheriff of each to summon twelve Men. On Payment of Money assessed, Undertaker may aft, &c. No Commissioner to act where personally concerned. No Meeting to be held above seven Miles from the Place in Question. In case of Death of Commissioners, Survivors may nominate others, having 100l. per Annum. Undertaker to have yd. a Tun for all Goods, &c. carried on the River above Wilden Ferry. Lord Paget, he. may make bylaws, &c. and set Fines, which hall be binding. Justices of Assize may alter or reform the same. Mailer of Barge or Boat answerable for Damage, &c. Commissioners to survey the River and Banks, &c. and make Orders and Decrees, &c. at the undertaker's Charge. Lord Paget to setup Gates, ' Bridges, &c. River Trent to be for ever a navigable River, from Gainefborough to Wilden Ferry, he. Six hundred Pounds to be raised on the Inhabitants of Burton, over and above the 600l. raised by the Duties. Parties aggrieved may appeal. All Proceedings, &c. to be entered in a Book, be kept by the Steward of Burton, and recorded. Not to prejudice Wilden Ferry, and others. William Paget, Esq; to act for his Father during his Absence. Manor of Burton coming to Infant, Guardians may aft. River to take its ancient Current by Repton. No Person to come upon the Earl of huntingdon lands, on the South Side the River Trent, except Heys Meadow. If Lock be made between the four floodgates, &c. Lord Paget to keep the same in Repair, &c. This Act not to hinder the said Earl from Right of fishing, &c. No Wharves or Warehouses to be erected between Nottingham Bridges and Burton, he. with -- out Commissioners Consent.

C 21. 17

CAP. XXL

An Act for laying further Duties upon Sweets, and for lessening the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon certain Low Wines, and Whale Fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for charging cyn ders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Ashes, and for preventing Abuses in the brewing of Beer and Ale, and Frauds in Importation of Tobacco.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament altem bled, as a further Supply for your majesty's liecessary Occasions, have given and granted unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there hall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of your Ada Duties to be jesty, your Heirs and successors, for and upon all Sweets made or to be made within the Kingdom of Paid n Sweets, England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for Sale (over and above all former Duties already granted upon Sweets, and which are to continue during the respective Terms granted in the same) the Rates and Duties following; that is to say,

II. For every Barrel of Sweets made for Sale, after the tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred Sweets made be niuety nine, and before the twentieth Day of 'july one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Sum 0ffo, re 20 July twelve Shillings. 7. per

III. For every Barrel of Sweets made for Sale, after the nineteenth Day of 'july one thousand six anj before 25 hundred ninety-nine, and before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, March 1701.3 the Sum of twenty-four Shillings. 24s. per Barret.

IV. And for every Barrel of Sweets made for Sale, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March Before 25 March one thousand seven hundred, and before the five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the Year 1706. 36s> Per of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, the Sum of six and thirty Shillings: The said the Duties to be paid by the Maker and Makers of the said Sweets, and foin Proportion for greater or Idler 2 cr' Quantities.

V. And it is hereby declared, That all Liquors made by Infusion, Fermentation, or otherwise, from Liquors deemei foreign Fruit or Sugar, or from Fruit or Sugar mixed with other Materials, and commonly made use of to be Sweets, for recovering, increasing, or making of any Kinds of Wine or Cyder, or of any Liquor called twine, 10geo'2'4: shall be deemed to be Sweets within the Meaning of this and all former Acts for laying Duties on Sweets; and that the respective Duties imposed on Sweets by every of the said former Adds are chargeable by the Duties chargeable Barrel, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity; and that any Person who is a Retailer by the Barrel, of, or hall at any Time sell or make use of, any the Liquors aforesaid, for any the Purposes before matlcrosswcets' mentioned, and in whose Custody any Quantity of such Sweets, exceeding two Gallons, shall be found, shall be deemed and taken to be a Maker of Sweets for Sale within the Meaning of this and the said former Acts.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Refiners of Sugar, who Prorifo.

hall before the first Day of 'june one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, enter into a Bond or Bonds to Refiners of Su

his Majesty, of the penal Sum of five hundred Pounds, upon Condition that he or they shall not sell, debar

liver out, or dispose of any Sweets or Liquors, commonly called Svrups, made from Sugar (except Mel

lafiufes) or make use of the same, in making or increasing, or improving any Wine, Cyder, or Perry, or

any Liquor called Wine, shall not be chargeable with the Duties of Sweets or Syrups hereby imposed, which

he or they shall make from Sugar, until he or they hall so fell, dispose, or make use of such Sweets or -

Liquors made from Sugar.

VII. And it is enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties on Sweets hereby granted hall be Duties how aj applied, and are hereby appropriated, for the same Uses and Purposes, to which Part of the present Du pwprated. ties on Sweets, with all the Duties on Malt, are appropriated, by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth

Year of his Majesty's Reign.^& SOUTHWEST. 3. c. 22.

VIII. And whereas by Virtue of several Acts of Parliament now in Force, there are several different Rates and Duties imposed on Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, dr Liquors prepared for Vinegar, made within this Kingdom for Sale, by which Means the same Liquor is twice charged in different Operations; and it is found by Experience, that Vinegar made by passing through Rape is much better for any Use at home,

and fitter for Exportation, than any other Sort of englij!) Vinegar; and that the high Duties chargeable on Rape Vinegar by the former Acts are so great a Discouragement to the Makers thereof, that little or none is made, whereby his Majesty is defeated of the said high Duties, and the Nation deprived of 4 a good and found Commodity; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after From 10 May the tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, all the Duties on Vinegar, Vinegar 1699. Duties ou Beer', and Liquor preparing for Vinegar, which might be chargeable after the said tenth Day of May C to

one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, by Virtue of the said former Acts, or any of them, shall. cease cease' and determine.

18 C 21. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

Tram jo May,

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that from and after the said tenth Day of Maker to pay 8 s. jy[ay one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, for and up vi negat&c"'on every barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall. be brewed or vinegar made made of any English or foreign Materials, by any Person or Futons whatsoever, for Sale, and foin pro for Pickles for portion for a greater or idler Quantity, the Sum of eight Shillings, to be paid by the Maker thereof, in Sale to pay Duty, the Manner, hereafter in this Act expressed.

by s Anns, C 7. X And it is hereby enacted and declared, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties on Vinegar, ?'4' Vinegar Beer, and Liquors preparing for Vinegar hereby granted, shall be raised and paid during the

Payment respective Terms hereafter mentioned, and no longr: And the Moneys thereby arising shall be paid, ap money arising pl'c<d and difpefed to and for the respective Uses and Purposes following, that is to say sixpence, Part of thereby how ap the said Duty of eight Shillings for every Barrel of Vinegar, _ Vinegar Beer, or Liquor preparing for vine pliod. gar, shall be raised, collected and aid to his Majesty during his Life, in lieu of the like Duty of sixpence

charged on every Barrel of Vinegar Beer, by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his ttw. MT. present Majesty and the late Queen, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, certain Impofilions upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, and shall be paid, applied and disposed of, to and for the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duties granted by the same Act are directed to be applied and disposed of; sixpence more, Part of the said eight Shillings, to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, in lieu of the like Duty of sixpence charged on every Barrel of Vinegar Beer, az Cm. z. cz. by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling of a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and shall be applied and disposed of to and for the same Uses and Purposes as the Duties granted by the same Act are directed to be applied and disposed of; two Shillings and fourpence, Part of the said eight Shillings, to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, during the Remainder of a Term of ninety-nine Years, commencing from the twenty-eighth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-two, in lieu of certain Duties imposed on Vinegar, and Vinegar Beer, and Liquors prepared for Vinegar, by an Act made in the fourth Year of his pre 4. W. & M. c.j. sent Majesty and the said late Queen, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for fe curing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War agchnjl France, and shall be applied and disposed of to and for the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duties granted by the same Act are directed to be applied and disposed of; two Shillings and fourpence, Part of the said eight Shillings, to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, during the Remainder of a Term of sixteen Years, commencing from the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, in lieu of certain Duties imposed on Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, and Liquors prepared lor Vinegar by an Act made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the said late Queen, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, toveards carrying on the War against France, and shall be applied and disposed of to and for the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duties granted by the same Act are directed to be applied and disposed of; two Shillings and fourpence, Residue of the said eight Shillings, to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, in lieu of certain Duties imposed on Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, and Liquors prepared for Vinegar, by another Act made in the same 5 & 6 W, & M. Years, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and.

V 20. Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to fuel) Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, and shall be applied and disposed of to and for the same U fes and Purposes, as the Duties granted by the same Act are directed to be applied and disposed of.

XI. And for avoiding Disputes and Controversies which may arise touching Liquors preparing for Vinegar, be it enacted and declared, That all stale Beer, Returns of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Verjuice or any other Liquors proper to be made into Vinegar, which at any Time after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall be found in the Custody or pofl ession of any common Vinegar Maker (except such Beer, Ale, and other Liquors as are to be drank in his Family, and which shall be kept separate and apart for that Purpose) shall be deemed and taken to be Vinegar or Liquors preparing for Vinegar within the Meaning of this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, no Vinegar Maker shall receive into his Custody any stale Beer, Returns of Beer or Ale, Cyder, Verjuice or other Liquors, proper to be made into Vinegar, nor carry or deliver out any Vinegar in Calks, or by the Gallon, without Notice thereof first given to the Officer of Excise for the Place or Division where such Maker shall inhabit, to the Intent that such Officer may be present, to see and take an Account of the same, unless at such Times as herein after are mentioned; that is to say, From the nine and twentieth Day of September to the five and twentieth Day of March yearly, between the Hours of seven in the Morning and five in the Evening, and from the said five and twentieth Day of March to the nine and twentieth Day of September yearly, between the Hours of five in the Morning and seven in the Evening; upon Pain that every Maker doing contrary thereunto, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, every Vinegar Maker, receiving into his Custody, any of the Liquors aforesaid, shall show the lame to the Gager of the Division where such Maker shall

live.

5&6w1& M. C 7,

What Liquors shall be (teemed Vinegar, C

No Vinegar Maker shall receive or deliver out Liquors, C without Notice lo Officer, C

Penalty,

Maker to Show Gager the Liquors before mixe.

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 21. 19

live, 'before he mix the said Liquors so received, or any Part thereof, with any other Liquors,

Rape or other Materials, on Pain to forfeit for every such Omission or Neglect the Sum of twenty Penalty. Pounds.

XIV. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Vinegar Maker shall at any Penalty on Vine time after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, without first giving no tice thereof, at the next Office of Excise, make use of any Storehouse, Warehouse, Cellar or other 0

Place for the making, laying or keeping any Vinegar, Vinegar Beer or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, every such Vinegar Maker shall forfeit and lose for every such private Storehouse, Warehouse, Cellar, and other Place so made use of without such Notice as aforesaid, the Sum of fifty Pounds.

XV. And whereas the Duties on vi egars and Vinegar Beer, charged by the former Acts, were com puted by different Measures, whereby Disputes and Controversies have arisen touching the charging of the famefor preventing whereof for the future, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid,

every thirty and four Gallons taken by the Gauge, according to the Standard of the Ale Quart (four 34 Gallons (hill whereof sit all be deemed a Gallon) remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlains of his Majesty's Ex 1, e accounted a chequer, from and after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall be reckon Bar of Vine' CD accounted and returned by the Gager for a Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquor preparing for gar' C Vinegar j anything in thctaid former Acts, or any of them, or any other Law, Statute or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas several Makers of Vinegar may have in their Custody several Quantities of Vine

Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, on the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, for which they may then Hand charged with, or have answered to his Majesty, some of the Duties imposed by the former Acts Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Stock how every such Vinegar Maker shall, by Virtue of this Act, be chargeable for such Vinegar Beer, or liquors chareesble* preparing for Vinegar, with so much only as shall make the Duties charged thereon by Virtue of the former Acts, eight Shillings for every Barrel thereof, and no more; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVII. And whereas it is found by Experience, that the Art of distilling Spirits or Brandy in this Kingdom is of late Years very much improved, and that Spirits or Brandy made here from Melasses and

Sugar, which are the Produce of the English Plantations, is near as good as Brandy imported from so reign Parts: And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty,

intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for pre 7w. 3.0, 30.'

venting the Frauds and Abuj es of Brewers, Dislillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise,

there is a Duty of eight Pence imposed upon every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extrac tion, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials,

and a Duty of threepence upon every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction made or

drawn from any English Materials, other than Drink made or brewed from malted Corn, or from Brewers Wash or Tilts, which said High Duties are a great Discouragement to the making of the said Commodities, and do occasion undue Practices in the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, fourpence per G'lion, From to May Part of the said Duty of eight Pence imposed upon every Gallon of Low Wines and Spirits of the first i?99- e. Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Mate D[, ftsy0° L rials, and one Moiety or half Part of the said Duty of threepence upon every Gallon of Low Wines or wine. to Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any English Materials (other than Drink made or cease. brewed from malted Corn, or from Brewers Wafti or Tilts) granted by the said former Act, shall cease and determine, and be no longer payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, in any Manner of wife j anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act, or anything herein contained, Act not to void shall not extend to take away, lessen or make void the Payment of any Sum or Sums of Money accruing (he Payment of or becoming due to his Majesty, for any Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, actually made or b>utles aiieabf drawn from any the Materials before mentioned, before tile said tenth Day of May one thousand six hun ue'

dred ninety-nine, and which shall be then due and owing to his Majesty; and that all and every the Former Act 7 Clauses, Matters and Things in the last mentioned Act contained, for charging, securing, raising, levying w. 3. C 30. or paying the whole Duties on the said Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, which were there continue(i' by granted, and for disposing, applying and appropriating the same to the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned, shall be applied, practised and put in Execution for the charging, securing, levying, raising and paying the said remaining Parts of the said Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits (not hereby taken away) and for disposing, applying and appropriating thereof to the same Uses and Purposes, as fully and effectually as if the said Clauses, Matters and Things were for that Purpose again repeated and particularly reenacted by this present Act.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and

by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, jscar. 3.0.24. intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenuns in Capite, and by Knights'

Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon, his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, are provided, settled or established for raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, levied, recovered and -

D 2 put

Fines, Penalties, (Sfc. how rcco veied.

General Iflae. Treble Costs,

put in Execution for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying, as well the said Duties upon Sweets, as the said Duties upon Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, and the several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, during the Continuance of the same, or any of them, as fully and effectually, 'to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present act.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, by this Act imposed, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Forfeiture, and Penalty, is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture, shall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same,

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, or any other Act relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise, he or they shall and may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the said respective Acts in Evidence for his or their Defence, and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

XXII. And whereas it is found by Experience, that any Quantity of Wash made of Melasses, will, ' upon Distillation, produce one fourth Part of the same Quantity into Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction; and that such Low Wines or Spirits upon the second Distillation will produce two third

Parts of the Quantity of the same Low Wines or Spirits into Proof Spirits, or Spirits of the second Ex

And whereas many Distillers do hide and conceal great Quantities of such Low Wines and

Spirits from the Sight and View of the Gager, before he can come to charge the same, by Means where of his Majesty is very much defrauded in his Duties on such Low Wines and Proof Spirits: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and foijthe Gagers and Officers of Excise to keep an Account of all such Wash, which shall from Time to Time be found by him or them in the Hands of any Distiller, and upon any Decrease thereof, to charge such Distiller with so much Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, as one fourth Part of the Wash so decreased shall amount unto; and also with so much Proof Spirits, or Spirits of the second Extraction, as two third Parts of the Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, so charged as aforesaid, shall amount unto; and such Distiller shall pay the respective Duties of, the Low Wines and Spirits so charged, as by the former Act is directed and appointed; anything in the said act, or any other Statute, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas by an Act next herein after recited, it is enacted, That upon the Discovery of any private Still, Back, or other Vessel, according to the Directions of the said Act, every such Still, Back, and other Vessel, shall be seized, and that the Owner or Owners of every such Still, Back, and other Vessel, who shall claim the same within twenty Days after such Seizure, shall forfeit and lose for every such Still, Back, and other Vessel, the Sum of two hundred Pounds: And whereas upon the Dif covery of several private Stills and Backs since the Commencement of the said Act, some Doubt hath been made whether the Owners of such Stills and Backs, by refusing to claim the same within the Time limited by the said act, may not avoid the Penalties thereby imposed be it enacted, That from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, the Proprietor of any such private Still, Back, or other Vessel, which shall be discovered according to the Directions of the said Act, or the Person in whose Custody the same shall be found, shall forfeit and lose for every such Still, Back, and other Vessel, the said Penalty of two hundred Pounds; anything in the said^act, or any other Law or Statute, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIV. And whereas by an act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to pro Mbit the excessive distilling of Spirits and Low Wines from Corn, and against the exporting of Beer and Ale, and to prevent Frauds in Distillers, it is enacted, That no Person whatsoever, from and after the last Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and before the first Day of Fe 4 bruary which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall draw, diflill, or make any Brandy, Aqua Vita, Spirits, or Low Wines whatsoever, other than such Quantities as are allow ed by the said Act, from any Malt, Corn, or Grain whatsoever, under the Penalties and Forfeitures there in mentioned: And whereas several Distillers of this Kingdom, their Servants and Agents, had incurred the Penalties of the said Law, without any Knowledge thereof, by distilling in the two Months betwixt the last of January one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and the first of April one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, greater Quantifiers of Spirits or Low Wines from Corn than the said Act doth allow; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Distiller, his Servant, or Agent, who in the next succeeding Month or Months after the one and thirtieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall abate of the Quantities of such Low Wines and Spirits, which he might lawfully draw in the same, so much as he exceeded the Quantities allowed in the said two Months, shall not be prosecuted, or have any Penalty inflicted upon him, for or on Account of such Breach of the said Act in the said two Months; anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And whereas the pecuniary Penalties inflicted by an Act made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, for lad ing several Duties upon Leather, for the Term of three Years, are directed to be sued for by Action of Debt, or on the Case, or by Bill, Suit, or Information, in some Court of Record,

whereby

Gagers to keep Account of Waft), fife.

Distiller to pay the Duties.

10 & 11 W. 3. 41 §7-

Proprietor of private Still, Cstc. discovered, to forfeit 200 i.

10 & 11 W. 3. 4*

S W. 3. C ixp,

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 21. 21

whereby the Recovery of those Penalties are not only tedious and chargeable, but troublesome and vexatious, by Multitudes of popular Actions and Informations brought byeommon Informers For the preventing whereof, and more easy and speedy recovering the pecuniary Penalties inflicted by the said Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of May one thousand Penalties in the six hundred ninety-nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the Justices t>f the Leather Act may Peace, residing near to the Place where any such Forfeiture shall be made, or Offence committed, to hear and determine the same, who are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited orp "°ju^ "0 brought for any of the pecuniary Penalties by the said Act inflicted, to summon the Party accused, and who may sum also the Witnesses on either Side, and upon the Appearance, or Contempt of the Party accused in not ap mon the Party, pearing (upon Proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Witnesses upon Oath (which ex^nmi: Wit oath they are hereby empowered to administer) and to give Judgement or Sentence accordingly; and "4jjes ?h where the Party accused shall be convicted of the Offence alleged again! him, to award and issue War ment.' JUS" rants under their Hands for the levying of such Penalty or Penalties on the Goods of the Offender, and Penalty to be fc to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the vied on Offea party the Overplus, if any be; and if either Party shall find himself aggrieved by the Judgement of the pr' goo?s said Justices, then he or they may appeal to his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, at the next Quarter sessions, in like Manner as by the said recited Act is mentioned in case of Appeal. EXP. PP

XXVI. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the said respective Justices, Justices may mi where they shall see Cause, to mitigate or lessen such Penalty, in such Manner as they in their Discretion ugate the pe shall think fit, the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers, as well in making the Discovery, as in naltyi the Prosecution of the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Fine to less than one fourth Part thereof, over and besides the said Costs and Charges; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And whereas by one Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Southeast 12car, 2. c. 24.

cond, a Duty of fourpence was imposed upon every Gallon of Strong Waters perfectly made, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid forever; and by one other Act, made in the second Year of*w.1.

the rein of his present Majesty, and the late Queen of blessed Memory, the like Duty of fourpence C 3 ' per Gallon thereupon, is payable during his Majesty's Life; and by another Act, made in the fourth WM. C 3.

Year of their said Majesties Reign, there is a Duty of sixpence imposed upon every Gallon of Single Brandy imported, and a Duty of twelve pence on every Gallon of Double Brandy imported, for the Term of ninety-nine Years, commencing on the twenty-fifth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-two; and by one other Act made in the fifth Year of their laid Majesties Reign, there is a Duty 5w. M. C 4 of two Shillings imposed upon every Gallon of Single Brandy, and four Shillings upon every Gallon of Double Brandy imported, for the Term of sixteen Years, commencing the seventeenth Day of May 1 one thousand six hundred ninety seven; and by one other Act made in the same Year, there is a Duty wm. C ao. 4 of sixpence upon all Single Brandy, and one Shilling on all Double Brandy imported, granted in Per ' petuity; all which Duties upon Single Brandy do amount to three Shillings and eight pence for every Gallon, and upon Double Brandy to six Shillings and eight pence for every Gallon for the Excise there 4 of, over and above other Duties which are payable for the Customs of the same: And it is nevertheless doubted, that by the general Words of an Act of Parliament, made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging 3 W. 3. C 20.

the Capital Stock of the bank of England, and for raising the Public Credit, a further Duty of two Shillings for every Gallon of Single Brandy, and of four Shillings for every Gallon of Double Brandy irn ported (which had been granted in the fourth Year of the Reign of his Majesty and the said late Queen)

were and are (in strictness) imposed or chargeable from the last Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety six, until the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, which (if required or infilled upon) would amount to a Prohibition of the said Commodities; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, For Act S W. 3. making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock c 2°. rot to of the Bank of England, and for raising the Public Credit, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to charge Single Brandies imported with the last mentioned Duty of thedu" two Shillings for every Gallon, or Double Brandy imported with the last mentioned Duty of four Shil ties of 2s. ands. lings for every Gallon, or any Part thereof, from the Commencement or during the Continuance of the per Gallon.

Act last mentioned; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and f r the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all Cynders made of Pit Duties to be paid Coal, which at any Time or Times, during the Term of four Years, commencing from the fifteenth oc cjdeis for Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall be shipped, or water born in order to be touc iars' shipped, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or 5s. perchalder, brought into the same, the Sum of five Shillings, of lawful English Money, for every Chalder, reckoning the Chalder to consist of thirty-six Bushels Winckefter Measure, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation or Landing of such Cynders, and to be charged upon the respective Owner and Owners, Mailer and Mailers, or other Persons, to be charged having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which the said Cynders shall be carried, imported, or brought; and n the Owner, that the said Duties upon Cynders shall be under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of Duties to be the Customs for the Time being; and shall be raised, levied, and collected by such Ways and Means, and unfr under the like Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances, and according to such Rules and Me co erniffion. s thods, as in and by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act of ih« cu*c!>"«.

fr 9w. 3- - toc.

Each Cafrc to contain 200 lb. Weight. Penalties.

22 C 2r. Anno decimo 5c undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm, are prescribed, authorised, or mentioned, for raising, levying, and collecting the Duties thereby granted.

XXIX. And whereas the Importation of Tobacco in Bulk hath given abundant Opportunity to ill difpqfed Persons to run the same on Shore, without paying his Majesty's Customs due thereon, to the great impairing of the Revenue, and the no less Prejudice of the fair Trader: 'For Remedy whereof, kotosacco shall be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September, which be imporie.1 but shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, no Tobacco be brought or imported into m Case, Chest, this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, in any Ship or Vessel from any of his Majesty's Plantations on the Continent of America, nor shipped in any of the said Plantations in order to be so imported, otherwise than in Calk, Chest, or Case only, each Calk, Chess, or Case whereof, shall contain two hundred Weight of neat Tobacco at the least, and each hundred thereof hall contain one hundred and twelve Pounds, under the Penalties and Forfeitures following, that is to say, That all the Tobacco so imported, or slipped to be imported, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and every Person or Persons offending, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, shall forfeit Sixpence for every Pound Weight thereof, two third Parts thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, and the other third Part thereof to such Personas shall seize and sue for the same: Provided never thekfs, That such fniall Quanties as shall be necessary for the Ships Companies fmoaldng in the said Voyage, shall not he deemed or construed any Breach of this Act; the said Forfeitures and Penalties to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance.

Pearl Ashes may

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and be imported, for any Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, to import into England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, from Germany, Pearl Ashes, paying Custom as being the Product of Germany, paying his Majesty his Customs and Duties as Pot Ashes; any Law, cu pot ashes, ftom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

New England

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Whale Sin taken and caught Whale Sin, by the People and Inhabitants of Mew England, New York, and Pensilvania, or any other his Majesty's to pay the same Plantations and Colonies in America, and imported from thence, shall be chargeable with and pay to his jand^wha^fln"^(by Virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for taking away half the

o & 10 W, n" Duties imposed on Glass Wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes, C 45.' for granting in lieu thereof, new Duties upon tvale Sins and Scotch Linen) the like Duties, as Whale Sin

5 Geo. 2. C 28, caught and imported in and by any Ships or Vessels whatsoever, of or belonging to the Company efta 32geo. 2, 0.45. blifned for the Greenland Trade are chargeable withal, and no further or other Duty by Means or Virtue of the said Act only; anything in the said last mentioned Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas the Duties granted to his Majesty by one Act of Parliament, intituled, an act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expenses f his Majesty's Houshold, are likely to expire before they have fully answered and satisfiea the Ends and Purposes for which they were granted: And whereas the Commons in Parliament assembled, have declared they will make good all such Defi clencies as shall happen upon the falling short of the said Duties: And whereas there is a small Interest of one Farthing a Day allowed by the last recited Act, upon several Bills or Tickets, commonly called £ Malt Lottery Tickets Now for the advancing the Credit and Value of the said Bills or Tickets, be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, upon every such Bill or Ticket carrying the said Interest of one Farthing a Day (other than such Bills or Tickets as shall be paid off and discharged by the Duty now chargeable with the same) an additional Interest of one farthing a Day shall be allowed and paid respectively upon every such Bill or Ticket, until such Bill or Ticket shall be fully paid off and discharged,

XXXIII. And whereas by an Act passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign (wherein certain Duties were granted upon Malt and other Things) several Tickets were made forth for several Sums of Money, payable with Interest; several of which Tickets are since burnt, lost or otherwise de stroyed; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where it shall appear by Affidavit, to be made before any of the Barons of the Exchequer, that any Ticket or Tickets, being in Course of Payment, out of the Moneys arisen or to arise, on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Duties aforesaid, is or are burnt, destroyed, or otherwise lost, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers, appointed to pay or discharge the said Annuities, on producing a Certificate from the said Baron, of such Affidavit made before thereo. and Cer him, which Affidavit the said Barons, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and which ti ca e. Certificate he or they are hereby required to grant without Fee or Reward; and on Security given to the

to retsc fa'^ Office t his good Liking, to indemnify him against all other Persons whatsoever, for or concern

8 &9W.

C 2l.

Addition of a Farthing a Day interest to the Mait Tickets unpaid.

Malt Tickets burnt or lost on Affidavit made

fcets,

penalty 03 D fewer uhng Melasses,

ing the Moneys contained or specified in such Ticket or Tickets, or which was due thereon, he the said Officer shall and is hereby required to pay and discharge the said Tickets, being such as came in Course within the Time aforesaid, as if the said Tickets had been produced, and shall be allowed such Payment in his Accounts; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And whereas it is found by Experience, That notwithstanding any Law now in Force, ' many Common Brewers do use great Quantities of Melasses in the brewing Ale and Beer, whereby the Consumption of Malt is yery much hindered, and his Majesty defrauded of a great Part of the Duties of 3*such

23

C such Ale and Beer To brewed as aforesaid; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any common Brewer, or Retailer of Beer or Ale, shall, after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, make use of any melaltes, coarse Sugar, Honey, or Composition or extract of Sugar, in the brewing, making or working of any Ale or Beer, or if any common Brewer shall receive or take into his Custody or Possession any Quantity of melaltes, coarse Sugar, Honey, or Composition or extract of Sugar, exceeding ten Pounds, every such Brewer and Retailer shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence respectively the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every Servant of such Brewer, and every Penalty on other Person, who shall be aiding and assisting in the using any Melasses, coarse Sugar, Honey, or extract Brewers ser of Sugar, in the brewing or working of such Ale or Beer, or in carrying or conveying the same into the vants*

House, Brewhouse or other Place belonging to such Brewer, shall also forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, the Sum of twenty Pounds, and in Default of Payment thereof shall suffer three Months Imprisonment.

XXXV. And whereas by an Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting 10 & 11w. y,

to his Majesty the Sum of one Million four hundred eighty-four thousa?id and fifteen Pounds one Shilling eleven C 9*

Pence three Farthings, for dishanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions, it is amongst other Things enacted, That a Sum not exceeding the Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds,

of the Moneys to be paid into the Exchequer by Virtue of the said Act, should be and is thereby appro priated in the first Place to the paying and disbanding the Forces enacted to be disbanded, and the Refi due of the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, for and towards the Subsistence and Clearings of his Majesty's Guards and Garrisons within the Kingdom of England, and the Dominions thereunto be longing (Ireland excepted) for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, and to other the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas it is or may be doubted, whether any Part of the said

so appropriated to the Subsistence and Clearings of his Majesty's Guards and Garrisons, may or ought to be applied towards the paying the Arrear of Subsistence due to the said Garrisons before

the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, according to the Course of Payment and true Intention of the said last mentioned Act Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Money so appropriated and applicable to the Subsistence and Clearings Monsy for cje2ito of the Guards and Garrisons, for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall and may be aping the Guards plied as well to the Payment of the said Arrear of Subsistence, due to the said Garrisons at any Time be and Garrisons iore the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, as for and towards the Sub how tobcap. fistence and Clearings of the said Guards and Garrisons for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-nine; plled*

anything in the said last mentioned Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

r XXXVI. And whereas so much of the said Sum of six hundred thousand Pounds, mentioned in an Act of this Session of Parliament (wherein a Land Tax is granted to his Majesty) as is or hall be suffi ros northwest. 3,

cient for paying off and disbanding the Regiments, Troops and Companies appointed and enacted to be C9' disbanded as is therein mentioned, is appropriated for that Purpose; 'It is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Money so appropriated or appointed for paying off 20, 000). to be and disbanding of Regiments, Troops and Companies as aforesaid, any Sum not exceeding twenty thou applied for pay sand Pounds, shall and may be issued, applied and distributed towards clearing the disbanded officers of d^ba"de'j the Scotch Regiments which were on the English Establishment, and the disbanded Officers of the three scoa^regi 8 English Regiments, lately of Colonel Henry Holt, Colonel Luke Lillingfton, and Colonel Rufiell, ments, tstc. and which were in the West Indies, and for whom no half-pay is allowed; anything in the said Act con the three enghfc tained to the contrary notwithstanding. Regiments of

n, WTT Holt lih'ig

CAP. XXII fton and rultello

An Act for the more full and effectual charging of the Duties upon Rock Salt,

Most Gracious Sovereign,

W 'j E your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament affem 5 jr

W bled, taking Notice that by diverse Acts of Parliament now in Force, several Duties, whereof some are for Terms of Years yet unexpired, and others in Perpetuity, are imposed upon all Salt and Rock Salt made within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or taken out of any Pit or Pits within the same, to be raised, disposed and applied to and for the several Uses and Purposes in the same, or by some other Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf,

expressed and declared'; and being sensible that Rock Salt, which in and by the said Acts, or some of them, is chargeable with the said Duties, after the Rate of one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight to the Bushel, may be and is used in Kind for curing Fish, Flesh and other Purposes, without being refi ned into white Salt, and all white Salt made from Brine, or otherwise, being chargeable with the said after the Rate of fifty six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and that one hundred and twenty Pounds Weight of Rock Salt, used in Kind, will serve the Use of almost twobufhels of White Salt,

reckoned at fifty six Pounds Weight as aforesaid, whereby the Makers of Salt from Brine have been:

and are extremely discouraged, and his Majesty's Duties intended by the said Acts have been and are very much impaired have therefore resolved to increase your majesty's Duties upon all Rock Salt and Salt Rock, by reducing the Bushel, according to which the Duties thereof shall be paid for the future in; the Manner hereafter mentioned.

II. And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled. byau 75!'. weigkr thority of the same, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand of Rock sat six hundred ninety-nine, every seventy five Pounds Weight of Rock Salt, or Salt Rock, taken out of any chefte^euftri^ Pit or Pits within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be anj rttedwcor

deemed ding.iy,

Rock Salt to be weighed before Removal, II Presence of an Officer.

Owner to have: Copy of the Return.

Penalty on Proprietor refusing ro weigh Rock Salt, C

Duties to be cleared off in two. Days after Charge made.

These nine enlarged to 12 Months by 5 ann. c. 29. §.5.* Penalty. Allowance for Prompt Payment.

Allowance for Rock Salt refined into white Salt.

(Oath being first: piade,

; and Duties paid or fecojred.

Rock Salt, C exported, Duties to be repaid.

Farther provisions relating hereto, 5 Anna, C 29. §. 16.'

C 22. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

deemed and taken to be a Winchester Bushel, of eight Gallons Winchester Measure, and shall be entered, rated and taxed accordingly, to and for the several Duties upon Salt Rock and Rock Salt, by the said several Acts of Parliament charged or made payable, instead of the Bushel of one hundred and twenty Pounds weight in the said Acts or any of them mentioned, and greater or lesser Quantities of the said Salt Rock, or Rock Salt, shall be reckoned proportionably; anything in the said former Acts, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by the said former Acts, or some of them, it is provided, That all Makers and Pro ' prietors of Rock Salt should make true Entries with his Majesty's Officers, of the Quantities of Salt by them taken out of any Pit or Pits, and should have a Warrant or Ticket from some one of the Officers, ' to carry away the same, before the said Salt made or taken out of any Pit or Pits, should be removed or carried from the respective Pits, and that such Warrant should be given gratis unto such Maker or Pro ' prietor, upon paying or giving Security for Payment of his Majesty's Duties within six Months after

such Entry made; nevertheless the Owners or Proprietors of Rock Salt having by the said Acts, or some of them, Liberty to remove their Rock Salt into his or their own Warehouses, or other Places for securing

for Conveniency of selling or hipping off the same, after due Entry made, and a Warrant or £ Ticket taken for the same from the Officer next to such Salt Pits, and to pay and secure the Duty when e the said Rock Salt shall be sold and delivered, it is found by Experience, that there is not a sufficient Charge made and kept upon the said Owners or Proprietors, for all the Rock Salt or Sait Rock taken out of his or their Pit or Pits, but between the Pits and the said Storehouses (which are in many Places contrived so as to be remote from the Pits) or eife before the Selling and Delivery of the said Rock Salt,

great Quantities thereof are run and imbezilled, and never charged, to his Majesty's great Damage, and the Injury of such Workers as justly pay his Majesty's duesfor Remedy whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Proprietor of any such Rock Pit or Pits, who after the said fifteenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, shall take any Rock Salt or Salt Rock out of any such Pit, shall, before the Removal thereof, cause the same to be weighed in the Presence of the Officer appointed for the Duties on Salt; which Officer is hereby authorised and required to attend at such Salt Pits at all reasonable Hours in the daytime, to see and take Account of all such Rock Salt and Salt Rock so weighed, and thereof to make Return or Report, in Writing under his Hand, to the Commissioners of Excise, or to such person as they shall appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy of such Return, in Writing under his Hand, with such Proprietor, and such Report or Return shall be a Charge upon such Proprietor respectively; and if any such Proprietor shall refuse to weigh any such Rock Salt and Salt Rock, in the Presence of the Officer, when taken out of any Pit, as aforesaid, or shall remove or convey, or suffer to be conveyed from such Pit, any such Rock Salt and Salt Rock, before the same shall have been weighed as aforesaid, every such Proprietor shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds, and also double the Value of the Rock Salt and Salt Rock so removed as aforesaid.

IV. And be it further enacted, That every Proprietor of such Rock Pits shall pay and clear off the Duties of all Rock Salt and Salt Rock so charged, as aforesaid, within two Days after such Charge was made, or shall within the said two Days give Security to pay the same within nine Months; and every such Proprietor, who shall not pay and clear off, nor give Security to pay, as aforesaid, shall forfeit double the Value of the said Duties.

V. Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall within the said two Days after such Charges, as aforesaid, pay down the Duty charged by this Act. such Person or Persons shall be allowed after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Time of nine Months.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such pock Salt or Salt Rock, for which his Majesty's Duties, after the Rate of seventy five Pounds Weight to the Bushel, shall have been first duly charged and paid or secured, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, shall be melted and refined, the Person or Persons who shall refine the same into white Salt (which white Salt is charged by the said Acts with new Duties, after the Rate of fifty six Pounds to the Bushel) shall have an Allowance or Abatement out of the Duties of the said white Salt, of so much as was charged on the said Rock so melted and refined, after the Rate of seventy five Pounds to the Bushel, and not after the Rate of one hundred twenty Pounds to the Bushel, as by the said former Acts was prescribed, so as the Rock so refined was before the melting thereof weighed in the Presence of the Officer, and so as Oath be first made before some Justice of Peace near adjoining to such Salt Works, of the particular Quantities of such Rock Salt or Salt Rock so by such Refiner employed in making the said white Salt, and that he or any other Person or Persons, by his Privity or Knowledge, did not increase the said Rock Salt or Salt Rock, by mixing or other undue Practice, and that no former Allowance or Abatement for the said Rock Salt or Salt Rock had been made or obtained to his Use or Benefit (which Oath the said justice of the Peace is hereby empowered to administer) and so as due Proof be made upon Oath, or otherwise, that the Duties for the said Rock Salt or Salt Rock so refined were duly charged and paid, or secured to be paid, after the Rate of seventy five Pounds to the Bushel, according to this Act, and not otherwise; any Thing in the said former Acts to the contrary notwithstanding,

VII. And to the end that Rock Salt or Salt Rock in Kind, and Salt refined and made from Rock Salt or Salt Rock, may be exported, and the Duties charged thereon be repaid; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all such Rock Salt, Salt Rock, and refined Salt, made from Rock Salt or Salt Rock, as final 1 be exported from any Port or Place in this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, into Parts beyond die Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, there shall be allowed and paid for every Bushel of such Rock Salt or Salt Rock, whereof the Duties shall have been charged and

25

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 22.

paid, as aforesaid, after the Rate of seventy five Pounds Weight to the Bushel, and for every Bushel of such refined Salt made from Rock Salt or Salt Rock, whereof the Duties hall have been charged and paid or allowed, after the Rate of fifty six Pounds to the Bushel, the Duties which hall have been so paid for every Such Bushel of Rock Salt, Salt Rock, or refined Salt, so exported, to the Person or Persons exporting the same, by the Officer or Officers appointed to collect the Duties on Salt in the same Pert from whence any such refined Salt hall be exported within two Days after Demand thereof, on a Debenture to be prepared by the Collector of the Customs in the Port where such Rock Salt, Salt Rock, or refined Salt hall be entered out for Exportation, and verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher Exporter to in such Port, as to the Quantity of such Rock Salt, Salt Rock, or refined Salt actually hipped; that make Oath that the Oath of the Exporter, or his Agent, be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port, belt 111311 not be fore the Debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and empowered to give the said Oath, That the Duties, as aforesaid, for the Rock Salt, Salt Rock, or refined Salt, in such Debenture mentioned, were Jnsan first actually paid, and that such Rock Salt, Salt Rock, or refined Salt is really exported, or shipped to be exported, to Parts beyond the Seas, and not intended to be re landed in England, ip ales, or Berwick; for which Debenture no See or Reward shall be taken: And in Case the Officer, hereby directed to pay < Explained by such Debenture, hall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, then upon Certificate 2. & 3 Ann, thereof by him made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the Party gratis, and without Delay) C4 §9- as the principal Commissioners for managing the Revenue of Excise of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors^' for the Time being, hall be chargeable with the said Payment, to be made out of the first Money in their to "an' C Hands arising out of the Duties upon Salt, and any Officer neglecting or refuting to pay the said Money, Penalty on offi or to give.such Certificate as he is hereby directed, hall forfeit double the Sums so to be paid, to the Party cer refuflns to grieved, to be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, pay' or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the Duties upon Rock Salt and Salt Rock, Duties hmv to which hall be charged in pursuance of this act, shall be raised, levied, and recovered, by such Ways and ba Means, and in such Manner and Form, in all Cases (unless in such where other Methods or Directions

are hereby prescribed) as the Duties upon Salt or Rock Salt, chargeable by the said former acts, or any of them, were thereby appointed to be raised, levied, and recovered; and that all Fines, Penalties, and and Fines, Pe forfeitures, by this Act imposed, shall and may be sued for, levied, and recovered, in such Manner and nalties, C rs form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, is or may be recovered, covered by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Forfeiture, or Penalty, hall be to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or' lue for the same; and that all the Duties which shall be charged by Virtue of this act, as aforesaid, shall be brought in, applied, issued, and disposed of, to the same Uses and Purposes, and in the same Proportions, as the Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, charged by the said former acts respectively, are appointed to be brought in, issued, and applied, and under the same Penalties for delaying, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys arising for the said Duties to be charged by this act, as in and by the said former acts, or any of them, in the like Case and Cases are prescribed; anything in this or the said - acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wile not with {tanding.

IX. And for the greater Equality, in determining Differences touching the Duties upon all Salt whatsoever, and the Penalties and Forfeitures concerning the same; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six Persons aggrieve, hundred ninety-nine, if any Person or Persons shall find him, her, or themselves aggrieved by any afpeal> Order or Judgement of any two Justices of the Peace, relating to the Duries upon Salt, or to any Forfeiture or Offence concerning the same, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons to appeal to the Justices at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for that County,

Liberty, Riding, Division, or Place, where the said Order or Judgement shall be made or given, and the said Justices at such Quarter sessions are hereby empowered and authorised to hear and determine the same, whose Judgement therein shall be final; anything in this or any former act or acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fifteenth Day of May All Salt whstfo in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, all Rock Salt, and Salt Rock, and ^erto be weigh white Salt whatsoever, that hall he hipped or taken on hoard any Ship, Boat, or Vessel whatsoever, to .^efo % peadc<: bp delivered as a Commodity, either to be exported to Ireland, or any other Place beyond the Seas, or to^'P'be unladen in any Port, Creek, Haven, or other Place, on the Csails of England, or elsewhere, hall be

weighed at the Place or Creek where the said Salt is to be taken on board, by such Officer or Officers, as the Commissioners of the Excise, or the major Part of them for the Time being, hall from time to time direct and appoint; and that no such Salt shall be carried on hoard any Ship, Boat, or Vessel whatsoever, and notp«to* till the same shall be so weighed or tendered to be weighed, and a Permit or Certificate, containing the board till weigh; Quantity of such Salt so weighed or tendered to be weighed, as aforesaid, be first had and obtained, under ei and Permit the Penalty of forfeiting the said Salt, not so weighed or tendered to be weighed, and over and above ten obtained shillings per Bushel, for the same, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to his Majesty, 1?enalty his Heirs and Successors, so carried on board any Ship, Boat, or Vessel, contrary to the true intent.and Meaning hereof; which said Permit or Certificate such Officer hall give to the Party requiring the same Officer to gire gratis, on the Penalty of Eve Pounds to the Party grieved. permit gratis,

than contained in Permit,

Stirplufage forfeited.

Matter refusing to show Permit,

the Salt.

If not hewn in four Days, Salt forfeited.

8 &9"W. 3. C 28.

26 C 22. Anno decimo Sc undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1699.

Officer refusing

XI. Provided always, That if, the said Officer or Officers shall refuse to weigh such Salt so to be taken to weigh sich on board, as aforesaid, or shall not attend to weigh the same at such Place where the same is to be taken Salt onboard, as aforesaid, or, after the weighing the same, shall refuse to give such Permit or Certificate,

that then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner and pofleftor of the Salt, Owner may ship to cant the said Salt on board any Ship Boat, or Vessel, without incurring any Penalty for so doing; any the same.* Thing herein contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

if Salton unla xil. And be it likewise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ding be found the Officer and Officers, so to be appointed as aforesaid, at every unlading Port or Creek of such Ship, more in Weight Boat, or vessel, to go on Board the same before the Delivery thereof, and to Demand a Sight of such u j Permit or Certificate, so to be given as aforesaid, and to weigh the said Salt upon the unlading the same;

and if the Salt, on the weighing of the same, shall he found to be more in Weight than what is contained

in the said Permit or Certificate, that then the Surplusage that shall exceed the Quantity contained in the said Permit or Certificate shall be forfeited, the one Moiety thereof to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person that shall inform or sue for the same: And if the Master of such Ship, Boat, or vessel, shall refuse to show unto such Officer the said Permit or Certificate, upon due Request made, to the End he may see whether the Salt so unladen be the same Quantity with that contained in the Permit or Certificate, that then and in such Case it shall be lawful for the

officer may seize said Officer to seize the said Salt, and detain the same, until the said Permit or Certificate be produced.

XIII. Provided always, That if the said Permit or Certificate, having been given as aforesaid, be not shown to such Officer within four Days after the Seizure thereof, that then and in such Case the Salt so seized shall be forfeited.

XIV. And whereas by an Act: made and passed in the Session of Parliament held in the eighth and ninth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Observation of the Cottrfe anciently used in the Receipt of Exchequer, it is (a'niongst other Things) enacted and declared, That from and after the twentieth Day of April one thousand six hundred ninety seven, no Teller in the said Receipt of Exchequer should charge himself by his Bill with the Receipt of any Moneys in the Exchequer, but at such Times as the Officers of the Talley Court, their Deputies or Substitutes, should be there present, to levy a Talley or Tallies for the same; nor should any Teller, or other Person employed by him, throw down, or cause to be thrown down into the said Court, any Bill or Bills, owning or purporting the receiving any Sum or Sums of Money from any Lender of Money, Receiver, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon which Bill or Bills a Talley or Talleys are to be levied, according to the Course of the said Receipt, unless such Teller respectively, or his Clerks, or Persons employed by him, should have actually received, and have then in his Office, 'the very Money which should be specified in such Bill or Bills respectively (except as therein is excepted) under the Penalties therein mentioned Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being (if he or they shall think fit, and it be found safe and expedient for his Majesty's Service) to permit and direct the Tellers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, or their Clerks, from and after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, to receive from Commissioners, Receivers, Collectors, or other Persons making any Payments to his Majesty, at the said Receipt of his Exchequer, upon any Account whatsoever, or for Loans; Bills under the Seal of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, commonly called Bank Bills, as shall be tendred in Payment for any Aids, Taxes, Revenues or Loans whatsoever, unto the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer; anything in the said recited Act, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Custom or tjfage to the contrary in any

wise notwithstanding: Provided, That none of the said Bank bills shall be so taken in the Exchequer, when the same are at any Discount.

XV. And whereas in and by one Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty and the

5 V MC. ' late Queen Mary of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and

Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for securing' certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Funds, tozuards carrying on the War againf France, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds shall be a yearly Fund for answering the Annuities therein mentioned: And whereas certain Tickets were issued out to the Proprietors of the said Annuities, many of which Tickets are since burnt, lost or otherwise destroyed, whereby the said Proprietors are in Danger of losing their Money contained in such Tickets Be it enacted by the Authority afore Tickets for Pay said. That in all Cases where it shall appear by Affidavit, to be made before any of the Barons of the ment of Annui Exchequer, that any Ticket or Tickets, for any Payment or Payments on the said Annuities incurred ties, C that are or become cue at or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety and

burnt or o, eight, is or are burnt, destroyed, or otherwise lost, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers

on Affidavit and appointed to pay and discharge the said Annuities, on producing a Certificate from the said Baron, of such Affidavit made before him (which Affidavit the Barons, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to grant without Fee or Reward) and on Security given to the said Officer, to his good Liking, to indemnify him against all other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning the Moneys contained or specified in such Ticket or Tickets, or which was due thereon, he the said Officer shall and is hereby required to pay and discharge the said

Annuities, by the said Tickets incurred and grown due as aforesaid, as if the said Tickets had been produced.

Certificate,

Officer required to pay the said Tickets, and be allowed them in his Accounts.

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 23. 27

duced, and hall be allowed such Payments in his Accounts; anything in this, or any other Act con farther prmi tained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

St. i. C 21. 2 £? 3 Ann. C 14. 4 Ann. e. iz'. 5 Ann. r. 29. 6 Ann. C iz.9C 23. izann. St. z. C 2. 5 (?«. 1. C it S Geai, C 4

£3* x6. II Geo. X f. 30. 3 2. C 20. 5 Geo. 2. c. 6. 8 Geo. 2. c. 12. 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 32,

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting and punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, house breaking, or Robbery in Shops, Warehouses, coach houses or Stables, or that ileal Horses.

"ITT WHEREAS the Crimes of Burglary and breaking open of Houses in a felonious Manner, and 25 H. 8. C 3;

W the Crime of stealing Goods privately out of Shops and Warehouses, commonly called Shoplift ing, and the stealing of Horses, are of late Years much increased, to the great Detriment and unspeak

able Loss of many of your majesty's good Subjects, occasioned for want of due Prosecution and Punishment of Offenders therein, and for want of Encouragement to such as hall vigorously endeavour the

apprehending of such Malefactors For preventing whereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and evbry Person and Persons,

that hall at any Time or Times, by Night or in the daytime, from and after the twentieth Day Person stealing of May, which hall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, in any Shop, Goods in any Warehouse, coaeh house or Stable, privately and feloniously steal any Goods, Wares or Merchandizes, ref being of the Value of five Shillings or more (although such Shop, Warehouse, coaeh house or Stable Value or be aot actually broke open by such Offender or Offenders, and although the Owners of such Goods, or more, any other Person or Persons, be or be not in such Shop, Warehouse, coaeh house or Stable, to be put in Fear) or hall assist, hire or command any Person or Persons to commit such Oft'ence, being thereof conor assisting vifted or attainted by Verdict or Confession, or being indicted thereof hall stand mute, or will not di thereio' reftly answer to the indictment, or hall peremptorily challenge above the Number of three and twenty excluded from Persons returned to be of the Jury, hall by virtue of this Act be absolutely debarred and excluded of and Benefit of from the Benefit of the Clergy. Clergy.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twentieth Day of May Prosecutor of one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, all and every Person and Persons, who hall apprehend and take fe'on° have any Person guilty of any the Felonies before mentioned, and prosecute him, her or them so apprehended a ertl cate' and taken, until he, he or they be convicted of any the aforesaid Felonies, such Apprehenders and Takers,

for his, her or their Reward upon every such Conviction, without any Fee or Reward to be paid in case of Dif.' for the same, shall have forthwith after every such Conviction a Certificate, which hall be under the pute. Judge to Hand or Hands of the Judge, Justice or Justices before whom every such Conviction hall he had, certi appoint the cer fying such Conviction, and also within what Parish or Place the Felony was committed, whereof' any ca, e lnt0 i nch Person or Persons was or were convicted as aforesaid, and also that such Felon or Felons was or were. Altered by 6 discovered and taken, or discovered, or taken, by the Person or Persons so discovering or apprehending Geo. 1. c. 23. any the said Felon or Felons; and in case any Dispute hall happen to arise between any of the Persons §. S. so discovering or apprehending any the said Felon or Felons so convict as aforesaid, touching their By 5 Anna, C Right or Title to the said Certificate, that then the said jude, Justice or Justices, or the major Part of 31- § P them, so respectively making such Certificate as aforesaid, hall in and by his or their Certificate, direct burglars^ami and appoint the said Certificate into so many Shares, to be divided amongst the Persons therein concerned, housebreakers as to the said Judge, Justice or Justices, or the major Pan of them hall teem just and reasonable, which have a farther Certificate hail and may be once assigned over, and no more, and the original Proprietor of such Certi Reward of 4oi.' ficate, or the Assignee of the same, whomsoever of them hall have the Interest therein, by virtue thereof Certificate may and of this present Act, shall and may be discharged of and from all and all Manner of Parish and Ward Assignee Offices, within the Parish or Ward wherein such Felony or Felonies hall be committed, and such Party charged from or Assignee is hereby declared to be discharged therefrom; which said Certificate hall be enrolled by Parish and Ward the Clerk of the Peace of the County in which the same hall be granted; for which Inrollment the said Offices.

Clerk of the Peace of the County or City, in which the same hall be granted, hall have for his See the ^inrolted f Sum of one Shilling, and no more, See

III. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person having such Certificate, hall at any time make use of prov; f0, the said Certificate to exempt him from any Parish or Ward Office, such Person so making use of the said Certificate, or any other Person or Persons claiming any Interest therein, hall not assign over the said Certificate to any Person or Persons whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Person or Persons hall happen to be lain by any such If Persons be

housebreakers, horse stealers, or other Felon aforesaid, by endeavouring to apprehend, or in making Bain in Pursuit Pursuit after him, her or them, or any of them, that then the Executors or Administrators of such Per oi hftl("e'jlreak' son or Persons so lain, to whom the Right of administration of the personal Estate of every Person so" 'to hav/tha* slain shall belong, shall have the said Certificate in Manner as aforesaid, without Fee or Reward as Genificate with aforesaid. out See.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, from and after the said twentieth Day housebreakers, of May in the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, shall commit any Burr dl('covering glary, house breaking, or Felony in stealing of any Horse or Horses, or any Money, Wares or Goods, from whom the Benefit of the Clergy is by this Act. taken away, and being out of Prison, shall discover tkcvirg'

E?

two or more fc ntitled to King's Par. t^vo an,

28 C 24. Anno decimo & undecimo Gulielmi III A.D. 1669.

two or more Person or Persons, who already hath or hereafter hall commit any such Burglary, horse stealing or Felony as aforesaid, and hall be convicted thereof, or cause to be discovered and apprehended two Persons or more, who hall be convidftd as aforesaid, every such Discoverer hall have, and is hereby intituled to his Majesty's most gracious Pardon for the Burglaries, house breakings, horse stealings or Felonies as aforesaid, which he, she or they shall have committed at any Time or Times before such dicto ba good Bar covery made; which Pardon hall be likewise a good Bar to any Appeal brought or to be brought for any to Appeal. such Burglary, house breaking, horse stealing or Felony.

VI. And forasmuch as many evil disposed Persons might be deterred from offending, should the Pu person conria nishment by Law to be inflicted on such Persons be made more visible; ' Be it further enacted, That Larcen instead ^rcrn 2nd after the said twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, all and every Person of burning in the and Persons who shall be convicted of or for any Tnest or Larceny, and shall have the Benefit of the Hand, to be Clergy allowed thereupon, Or ought to be burnt in the Hand for such Offence, instead of being burnt in fcumt in the left the Hand, shall with the usual Mark wherewith such Offenders, according to the Laws now in Force,

berk m nnen ought to j, e burnt in the Hand, be burnt in the most visible Part of the left Cheek nearest the Nose, which Punishment shall be inflictedin open Court, in the Presence of the Judge, who is hereby directed and required to see the same strictly and effectually executed; any former Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas the great Sees that are often demanded and received by Clerks of Assize, of Persons that appear as Wkneifcs against Felons, tend very much to the discouraging their Conviction, to 'the great Damage of his Majesty's good Subjects To remedy the same for the future be it enacted, That no Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Peace, or other Person whatsoever, shall demand, take or receive any Fee or Reward of any Person whatsoever that shall be bound by any Justice of the Peace to appear to give Evidence against any Traitor or Felon, for the Discharge of any Recognisance for such Appearance, nor shall demand or receive more than two Shillings for the drawing any Bill of Indictment against any such Felon, upon the Pain of forfeiting to the Person aggrieved, for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds, with full Costs of Suit.

VIII. And whereas it often happens that Clerks of Assise, Clerks of the Crown, Clerks of the Peace,

Clerks of the Indictments, or other proper Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, do draw Bills defective; Clerk of Assize, be it enacted, That if any Clerk of Assize, Clerk of the Crown, Clerk of the Peace, Clerk of the indict <1r!, "'nede* ments, or other proper Officer, or their Clerks or Deputies, shall draw any Bill defective, they hall draw raw a new one new vv'it*10ut demanding any Fee or Reward whatsoever, or forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, with full gratis. Costs of Suit, and that all the Forfeitures aforesaid hall be recovered by him, her or them that will sue

Penalty. for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record,

By 11 Am, st.i. wherein no fftoin, Protection or Wager of Law hall be allowed.

7. §3.

Fckn breaking out of a Houfi in the Night guilty of Burglary. And see Geo. 1. C II and 6 Geo. 1. c. 23.,

Cheek in open Court.

Repealed by 5 Anna C 6.

Evidence to pay no tee,

See for Bill of Indi Ament

13 Ed. 1. St. !> 47*

Billinsgate a free Market for Fish taken by Foreigners not to be imported,

1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 18. §. 1.' fisherman, C to pay Toll,

vessel with Salt Fish Sd. per Day Groundage.

And 20 d. per Voyage.

Lobster Boat 2d. per Day Ground age, and 13 d, per Voyage;

CAP. XXIV.

An act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish.

WHEREAS the public Wealth, Honour, and Safety of this Kingdom, as well as the Maintenance of Trade, and Support of Navigation, as in many other respects, depend on the Improvement and Encouragement of the Fiftiery, and Billingsgate having, Time out of Mind, been a free Market for all Manner of Floating and Salt Fish, as also for all Manner of Lobsters and Shellfish j ' nevertheless, diverse Abuses, evidently destructive to that Trade, have been of late Years practised, by raising new Impositions and Tolls, and by forestalling of the Markets, and other Methods used by the Fishmongers, in not permitting the Fisherwomen and others to buy the said Fish of the said Fisher men, to sell them again in London and elsewhere, by which Means the Fishermen are obliged to sell their Fish to the said Fishmongers at their own Rates, to the great Discouragement of the said Fiftier men: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth Day of May, which shall be in the year_onc thousand six hundred ninety-nine, Billinsgate Market, within the said City of London, shall be every Day in the Week (except Sundays) a free and open Market for all Sorts of Fish whatsoever; that it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to buy or sell any sort of Fish in the said Market without any Disturbance or Molestation whatsoever.

II. And for the better encouraging the said Fiftiery, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fisherman or other Person or Persons, selling any sort of Sea Fish in the said Market, hall, from and after the said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, pay to any Person or Persons any other Toil or Duty whatsoever, for coming with his Boat or Vessel, or landing, landing, being or selling, in or at the said Market of Billingsgate, than is herein after mentioned, that is to say,

JII. For every Vessel with Salt Fish, for Groundage, eight Pence per Day, and twenty Pence per Voyage for every such Vessel, and no more, in full for all Duties and Demands, to be disposed of and distributed, as the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen shall yearly order and direct, according to the Right of the respective Persons intituled thereunto.

IV. For every Lobster Boat, for Groundage per Day twopence, and per Voyage thirteen Pence, and no more, in full for all Duties and Demands, to be disposed of and distributed as aforesaid.

3

V For

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 24. 29

V For every Vessel of fresh Sea Fish, for Groundage per Day twopence, and per Voyage thirteen vere withfreflr Pence, and no more, in full for all Duties and Demands, to be disposed of and distributed as aforesaid. s^fish.

VI. For every Dogger Boat or Smack with Sea Fish, for Groundage per Day twopence, and per Dogger Boat or Voyage thirteen Pence, and no more, in full for all Duties and Demands to be disposed of and distri&u Smack.

ted as aforesaid.

VII. For every Oifter Vessel or Cock, for Groundage per Day twopence, for Metage one Halfpenny Vessc'* per Bushel and no more, and per Voyage thirteen Pence and no more, in full for all Duties and Demands, to be disposed of and distributed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for'> bought in any Person or Persons whatsoever, who hall buy any Fifn in the said Market, to sell the same again in jj fbe jbmin* any other Market, Place or Places within the said City of London or elsewhere, by Retail, except never aether. theless, that none but Fishmongers hall be permitted to sell in public or fixed Shops or Houses, being Exceiltjonw sound and wholesome Fish, without any Let or Disturbance from any Person or Persons whatsoever for so

doing; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided nevertheless, That this Act hall not extend to alter any Law now in being, concerning Proviso,

Fish caught by Foreigners.

X. And whereas in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, among other Things it was seli*. c. y.' C enacted, That from and after the first Day of May then next coming, it hold not be lawful to any Person and Persons, in any Port, City, Town, or Market, or other Place within this Realm, to set Price, make any Restraint, or take or demand Toll or Tax of any Sea Fish to be brought into this Realm, or any Part thereof, being taken by any of her Majesty's Subjects, in Ships and other Vessels of the same Subjects, upon Pain, to every Person offending contrary to the Meaning thereof, to forfeit the Value of the Fish so restrained, prized, tolled, or taken; any Liberty, Custom, Grant, Privilege,

or other Matter whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; contrary to the true mean t ing thereof, several Toils. Samples, and other Exactions, have been demanded and taken of Sea Fish Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of May, any Penalty on Per person or Persons, taking or demanding any Toll or Sample, or any other Imposition, or set Price, of j°ndemanding any Sea Fish whatsoever of English catching, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, the one Moiety thereof Je p g, amp ° to his Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Personas shall sue for the same.

XI. And whereas of late Years, an evil Practice hath been used by the Fishmongers, in employing evii Praflice of one or two Persons at the moil to buy up all or the greatest Part of the Fish which is brought to the ^sets oot said Market at Billingsgate, and afterwards dividing the same amongst the Fishmongers by Lots, by rea "

whereof the Fishmongers buy and sell at what Rates they please be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Practices shall beat any Time hereafter used or allowed.

XII. And for the better preventing the same, or the like evil Practises, for the Time to come; be it further enacted, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall at any Time after the said tenth Day of May Fish not to be

one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, employ or be employed by any other Person or Persons, in buy bought up, to be

ing in or at the said Market of Billingsgate, any Quantity of Fish, to be divided by Lots or in Shares by Lots,

amongst any Fishmongers, or other Persons, in order to be afterwards put to Sale by Retail or otherwise;

nor shall any Fishmonger, at any Time after the said tenth Day of May, ingross or by, in the said Mar penalty'

ket of Billingsgate, any Quantity of Fish, but what hall be for his own Sale or Use, and not for or on the Behalf of any other Fishmonger to expose to Sale, under Pain of forfeiting for each such Offence the

Sum of twenty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety to his or their own Use who shall sue for the same; and that Siseof Lobfteis

from and after the said tenth Day of May, no Fisherman, or other Person or Persons, shall bring on for Sais.

Shore, or put to Sale, any Lobsters, that are not eight Inches from the Peak of the Nose unto the End of the Middle Sin of the Tail, under Pain of forfeiting for every such Lobster the Sum of one Shilling, Penalty, the one Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed, the other Moiety to the Prosecutor, to be recovered upon Conviction before the Chief Magistrate of any City or Town Corporate, or before the next Justice of Peace where such Offence shall be committed.

XIII. And for the better Encouragement of the Fishery of this Kingdom, be it further enacted by the fifs to be impor

Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of May, no Fish (except Stock Fish and ted in English Live Eels) taken or caught by any Foreigners, Aliens lo this Kingdom (except Protestant Strangers in Shipping, habiting within this Kingdom) shall be imported in any foreign Ship, Vessel, or Bottom, not being fgr r

wholly English Property, and uttered, sold, or exposed to Sale, in this Kingdom, under the Pain of the st/t. z. C is

Forfeiture of such Ship, Vessel, or Bottom, with the Tackle thereunto belonging, and of all such Fish §. ro,

so imported and sold contrary to the true Intent and Meaning thereof, one Moiety thereof to the Use of Foreigners may the Poor of the Parish where the same shall be so found or seized, the other Moiety to his or their own imp°i5 Lobsters Use who shall so seize the same. and torbots.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to prohibit the Tm Anchovies, Star

portation of Anchovies, Sturgeon, Botargo, or Cavear, nor selling of Mackerel before or after Divine teo" > c eot Service on Sundays. prohibited.

XV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to take away arr ancient Cod and Ling Duty of Cod and Ling, payable to the Kings of this Realm, for the Service of their Household, by continued as such Merchants as trade to Westmoney and Ifeland, but that the same may be taken by his Majesty's Offi " fuai'. cers, in such Manner as the same hath been lawfully used to be taken before the making of this Act.

vatien cr.d Improvement of the Fishery, Ann, C 21, 9ar.tr, C 26, I Geo. I, Slat, t, r, js, 5 Gts, I, C is, 23 Geo. 2. C ih, 16 gen. 2. C 9. 30 Geo. 3.,

e.zitdtno. end 33 2. C 27.

30 C 25. Anno decimo Sc undecimo Guglielmi III

CAP. XXV.

An Act to encourage the Trade to Newfoundland.

A.D. 1699.

King's Subjects to have free Trade to Newfoundland,

WHEREAS the Trade of and Fishing at Newfoundland is a beneficial Trade to this Kingdom, not only in the employing great Numbers of Seamen and Ships, and exporting and consuming Quantities of Provisions and Manufactures of this Realm, whereby many Tradesmen and poor Artificers are kept at work, but also in bringing into this Nation, by Returns of the Effects of the said Fishery from other Countries, great Quantities of Wine, Oil, Plate, Iron, Wool, and sundry other useful Commodities, to the increase of his Majesty's Revenue, and the Encouragement of Trade and Navigation Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful for all his Majesty's Subjects re tiding within this his Realm of England, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, trading or that shall trade to Newfoundland, and the Seas, Rivers, Lakes, Creeks, Harbours in or about Newfoundland, or any of the Islands adjoining or adjacent thereunto, to have, use, and enjoy the free Trade and trafrck, and Art of Merchandise and Fishery, to and from Newfoundland., and peaceably to have, use, and enjoy, the Freedom of taking Bait and Fillring in any of the Rivers, Lakes, Creeks, Harbours, or Roads, in or about Newfoundland, and the said Seas, or any of the Islands adjacent thereunto, and Liberty to go on Shore on any Part of Newfoundland, or any of the said Islands for the curing, salting, drying, and husbanding of their Fish, and for making of Oil, and to cut down Wood and Trees there for building and making or repairing of Stages, ship rooms, Trainfats, Hurdles, Ships, Boats, and other Necessaries for themselves and their Servants, Seamen, and Fishermen, and all other Things which may be useful or advantageous to their Fishing Trade, as fully and freely as at any Time heretofore hath been used or enjoyed there by any of the Subjects of his Majesty's Royal Predecessors, without any Hindrance, Interruption, Denial or Disturbance of or from any Person or Persons whatsoever; and that rib Alien or No Alien to bait Stranger whatsoever (not residing within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Vales, or Town of Berov fish in New wick upon Tweed) shall at any Time hereafter take any Bait, or use any Sort of Trade or Filling what founolsnd. soever in Newfoundland, or in any of the said Islands or Places abovementioned.

II. And for the preserving the said Harbours from all Annoyances; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred, now to be thrown out next coming, no Ballast, Prelt Stones, or anything else hurtful to or annoying any of the Harbours of any Ship into there, shall be thrown out of any Ship or otherwise, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, to the preju the Harbours, dice of any of the said Harbours, but that all such Ballast and other Things shall be carried on Shore, and be laid where they may do no Annoyance.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall (at his Departure out of the said Country, or at any other Time) destroy, deface, or do any Detriment to any such Stage or cook room, or to the Flakes, Spikes, Nails, or any other Thing whatsoever thereto belonging, as he or they shall fall into at his or their coming into the said Country, but that he or they shall (during his or their Stay there) content him and themselves with such Stage or Stages only as are needful for him or them, and shall also at his or their Departure thence.) leave all such his or their Stage or Stages, without doing or causing to be done any wilful Damage to any of them; and that for the repairing of such Stage or Stages as he or they shall so take, during his or their Abode there, the same shall be done with Timber fetcht out of the Woods there, and not by the ruining, breaking down, demolishing, prejudicing;, or any wise injuring the Stage or Stages of any other person or Persons whatsoever.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (according to the ancient Custom there Ship first entering used) every such Fishing Ship from England, ivahs, or Berwick, or such Fishermen as shall, from and b^admvrddu Z^CT t^le twenty-fifth Day of March, first enter any Harbour or Creek in Newfoundland, in Behalf of ring that fifluiig h*s Ship, shall be Admiral of the said Harbour or Creek during that Fishing Season, and for that Time* shall reserve to himself only so much Beech or Flakes, or both, as are needful for the Number of such

Boats as he shall there use, with an Overplus only for the Use of one Boat more than he needs, as a Privilege for his first coming thither; and that the Master of every of such second Fishing Ship, as shall enter any such Harbour or Creek, shall be Vice Admiral of such Harbour or Creek during that Fishing Season; that the Master of every such Fishing Ship next coming, as shall enter any such harbour or Creek, shall be Rear Admiral of such Harbour or Creek during that Fishing Season; that the Mae fter of every Fishing Ship there, shall content himself with such Beech or Flakes, as he shall have necessary Use for, without keeping or detaining any more Beech or Flakes, to the Prejudice of any such other Person possessed Ship or Vefie) as shall arrive there; and that such Person or Persons as are possessed of several Places in of several Places several Harbours or Creeks there, shall make his or their Election of such Place as he or they shall choose 4m1 make his to abide in; and shall also, within eight and forty Hours after any after comer or after comers into such to'"abide in" '" Ihace or Places shall demand such his or their Resolution touching such his or their Election (if the Wear ni ive Re there will so soon permit, or so soon after as the Weather will permit) give or send his or their Resolution foluuo nto'an/"to such after comer or after coiners, touching such his or their Election of such Place as he or they shall after comer in so choose to abide in for the Fishing Season, to the End that such after comer or after comers may likens Hours after wife choose his or their Place or Places of his or their Abode there; and in case any Difference shall arise Demand. touching the said Matters, the Admirals of the respective Harbours where such Differences shall arise, or Tn case of Difife any two of them, shall Proportion the Place to the several Ships, in the several Harbours they fish in, ac; tence. Admirals cording to the Number of Boats which each of the said Ships shall keep,

No Pallaft, chut

carried on Shore,

No Person to destroy any Stage or Cppk Room, C

Every Fishing

Season, C

Second Ship Vice Admiral, n^xt Ship Rear Admiral.

tc proportion the

1 ike,

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III C 25. 31

V. And whereas several Inhabitants in Newfoundland, and other Persons, have, since the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty-five, ingrossed and detained in their own Hands, and for their e own private Benefit, several Stages, cook rooms, Beeches, and other Places in the said Harbours and Creeks (which before that Time belonged to fishing Ships, for taking of Bait, and fishing and curing their Fish) to the great Prejudice of the fishing Ships that arrive there in the fishing Season, and sometimes to the Overthrow of some of their Voyages, and to the great Discouragement of, the Traders there; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and Persons, personss who as since the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty-five, have or hath taken, seized h2ve

or detained any such Stage, cook room, Beech, or other Place for taking Bait or Fishing, or for the stag", Cookdrying, curing or husbanding of Fish, shah on or before the said twenty-fifth Day of March relinquish, room'&c. stall quit and leave, to the public Use of the Fishing Ships arriving the re, all and every the said Stages, relinquish the cook rooms, Beeches and other Places for taking Bait and Fishing, and for the drying, curing and huf f?' to the pubbanding of Fish.., Shi s C

VI. And for the preventing the ingrossing and detaining of all such Stages, cook rooms, Beeches and ln lp'^c' other Places, by any Person or Persons for the Time to come; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fisherman or Inhabitant of Newfoundland, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, flail, at No Fiferman any Time after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, seize, take up or posies any of the Stages, cook or inhabitant of rooms, Beeches or other Places, which at any Time since the said Year of our Lord one thousand six hun Newfoundland, dred eighty-five, did or at any Time hereafter flail belong to any fishing Ship or Ships, for taking Bait 5 "^ "^ or Fishing, or for drying, curing or husbanding of Fish, before the Arrival of the fishing Ships out of ais whineships England, Wales, and Benvick, and until all such Ships shall be provided with Stages, cook rooms, Beeches be provided, C and other Places for taking Bait and Fishing, and for drying, curing and husbanding of Fish.

[Proviso.]

VII. Provided always, That all such Persons, as since the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand six hundred eighty-five, have built, cut out or made, or at any Time hereafter flail build, cut out or make,

any Houses Stages, cook rooms, train fats, or other Conveniences, for fishing the re that did not belong to fishing Ships since the said Year one thousand six hundred eighty-five, shall and may peaceably and quietly enjoy the same to his or their own Use, without any Disturbance of or from any Person or Persons whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, that flail go over with their Servants to Newfoundland, to keep Beats on a fishing Voyage, commonly called by boat Keepers, shall not pretend to or meddle with any House, Stage, cook room, by boat Keepers train sat, or other Conveniency, that did belong to fishing: since the Year one thousand six hun n" tt0e, 'dle dred eighty-five, or shall be cut out or made by Ships, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March g "he

one thousand seven hundred.'iongsg to any

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master of a by hoator by boats Filling ships. shall carry with him at lead two fresh Men in six (viz.) one Man that hath made no more than one Aml to c.rry 2 Voyage, and one Man who hath never been at Sea before; and that every Inhabitant shall be obliged freshmenin 6. to employ two such fresh Men, as the by boat Keepers are obliged for every Boat kept by them; andinhabitantob further, that all Mailers of fishing Ships shall carry with them, in their ship's Company, at lead onet0 empla>r such fresh Man that never was at Sea before, in every five Men they carry; and that t ie Master of each lfufhfic/yfei1* such B boat, and each such fishing Ship, flail make Oath before the Collector, or other principal Of i, gswp°to carry ficer of the Customs of the Port or Ports from whence such Ship intends to sail, that each Ship and By 1 fresh Man in 5. boat's Company have such fresh Men therein as this Act directs; that the said Officer or Officers is And make oatj» and are hereby empowered and required to administer the aforesaid Oath to the said Masters of Ships and thrreof by boats, and give a Certificate thereof under his Hand, without any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for so Certificate gratis, doing.

X. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That every Master or Owner of any fishing Ship Erery fifth Man going to Newfoundland (after the said twenty-fifth Day of March) flail have in his ship's Company every a green man. filth Rian a green man (that is to say) not a Seaman, or having been ever at Sea before.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever flail at any Time, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, obliterate, ekpunge, cut out, deface, or any wise

alter or change the Mark or Marks of any Boat or Boats, train fat or train fats, belonging to any Marks of Boats other Person or Person, whereby to defraud or prejudice the right Owner or Owners thereof, nor convert or n

to his or their own Use any Boat or Boats, train fat or train fats, belonging to any other Person or Per ^cheo lterate' tonnes, without his or their Con fen t or Approbation, nor remove nor take away any such Boat or train sat w lt hout content from the Place or Places where they shall be left by the Owner or Owners thereof, except in Case of Northeast of Owner, ceffity, and also upon giving Notice thereof to the Admiral of the Harbour or Place where such Boat or train sat shall be left by the Owner or Owners, to the End that the right Owners thereof may know what is become of them.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever flail, at any Standing Trees Time after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, rind any of the Trees there Handing or growing upon any not "be rinded Occasion whatsoever, nor shall by anyways or Means whatsoever seton Fire any of the Woods of the "or woods sired said Country, or do cr cause to be done any Damage, Detriment or Destruction to the same, for any Use or Uses whatsoever, except only for necessary Fuel for the Ships and Inhabitants, and for the building and Necefory Fuel necessary Rrpairs of Houses, Ships, Boats and train fats, and of the Stages, cook rooms, Beeches and <* "Pted» c other Places for taking Bait and Fishing, and for drying, curing and husbanding Fish there; and also that no Person or Persons whatsoever flail, at any Time after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, cast Anchor, or do any other Matter or Thing, to the Annoyance or hindering of the haling of Sayns in the Sayne net to be

accustomary a'lnored>

Robberies, &c.

any County England, by Commission of

Admirals in Newfoundland

C 25. Anno decimo & undecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1669.

accustomary baiting Places, or (hoot his or their Sayn or Sayns within or upon the Sayn or Sayns of any other Person or Persons whatsoever; also that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time coi Nets, Baits, after the said twenty-fifth Day of March, steal, purloin or take out of the Net or Nets of any other per c. fiolen, son or Persons whatsoever, lying adrift, or drover, for Bait by Night, nor steal, purloin or takeaway any Bait out of any fishing Boar or Boats, or any Net or Nets belonging to any other Person or Persons.

XIII. And whereas several Persons that have been guilty of Thefts, Robberies, Murders and other

Felonies upon the Land in Newfoundland, and the Hands thereunto adjacent, have many Times escaped unpunished, because the Trial of such Offenders hath heretofore been ordered and adjudged in no other f Court of Justice, but before the Lord High Constable, and Earl Marshal of england for p.eformation thereof, and for the more speedy and effectual Punishment of such Offences for the Time to come, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Robberies, Murders and Felonies, and all other capital

in Newfoundland Crimes whatsoeven which, at any Time or Times after the said twenty-fifth Day of March shall be maybe tried m f]one and committed in or upon the Land in Newfoundland, or in any of the Hands thereunto belonging, any unty in qia]i an£j nay J, e inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged in any Shire or County of this Kingdom of England, by virtue of the King's Commission or Commissions of Oyer and Terminer, and Gaol Oyer and Ter Delivery, or any of them, according to the Laws of this Land used for the Punishment of such Robberies, miner. Murders, Felonies, and other capital Crimes done and committed within this Realm.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Admirals of and in every Port and Harbour in Newfoundland for the Time being, be and are hereby authorised and required (in order to I 'thif/a pre^erve Peace and good Government amongst the Seamen and Fishermen, as well in their respective executed Harbours, as on the Shore) to see the Rules and Orders in this present Act contained, concerning the keep a Journal, Regulation of the Fishery there, duly put in Execution; and that each of the sail Admirals do yearly and deliver keep a Journal of the Number of all Ships, Boats, Stages, and train fats, and of all the Seamen belong 2 Copy thereof ing to and employed in each of their respective Harbours, and shall also (at their return to England) deliver to the Privy a true Copy thereof, under their Hands, to his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council.

ounci,

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case any Difference or Controversy

determinedif htn.ll arilb in Newfoundland, or the Hands thereunto adjoining, between the Masters of fishing Ships and lerences between le Inhabitants there, or any by boat Keeper, for or concerning the Right and Property of fishing Rooms, Masters of Fifn Stages, Flakes, or any other Building or Conveniency for Fishing or curing of Fish, in the several Baring Ships and in hours or Coves, the said Differences, Disputes and Controversies, shall be judged and determined by the habitants. fishing Admirals, in the several Harbours and Coves; and in Case any of the said Masters of fishing Ships, by boat Keepers or Inhabitants, shall think themselves aggrieved by such Judgement or determination, and hall appeal to the Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, appointed as Convoys for Newfoundland, the said Commander is hereby authorised and empowered to determine the same, pursuant to the Regulation in this Act.

XVI. And to the end that the Inhabitants, Fishermen, Seamen, and all and every other Person and Persons residing or being at Newfoundland, or any the said Hands, or other Places, may with all Devotion join in their solemn Prayers and Addresses to Almighty God, for the obtaining of his Blessing upon their Persons and Endeavours; Be it hereby enacted, That all and every the Inhabitants of nciv j ord^day, ami fiundland, or the said Hands or Places adjacent near thereto, shall strictly and decently observe every not sell any LI lord's Day, commonly called Sunday; and that none of the said Inhabitants (who keep any Tavern, fluors thereop. Alehouse, or other publick House for Entertainment) shall entertain or or sell, vend, uttter or dispose of to any Fisherman, Seaman or other Person whatsoever, upon any lord's Day or Sunday, any Wine, Beer, Ale, Cyder, strong Waters or Tobacco, or any other Liquor or Liquors whatsoever.

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eighth and ninth Years of his Majesty's ' Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Pondage upon

Merchandizes imported, for the Term of two Years and three Quarters, and a: i additional Land Tax ' sir one Year, sir carrying on the War against France; and by another Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act sir granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, towards the raising a yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, sir the i Service of his Majesty's Houjloold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, an act ditiona] Duty of twelve Pence on every twenty Shillings Value of all Goods and Merchandizes imported (all Manner of Fish English taken excepted) is granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Suc ' eeffors: And whereas some doubt hath arisen, whether Oil, Blubber, and Sins, taken and imported

and blubber im by the Company of Merchants of London trading to Greenland, are not liable to the said Duty; 'Be ported by green therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, taken and land Merchants, imported by the Ships of the Company of Merchants of London trading to Greenland, we: e not nor are ncj? liable to the intended to be charged or made liable to the Duty of twelve Pence for every twenty Shillings Value of Doty per Qoods imported, charged in the aforesaid Acts, 'but thjit the Whale fins, Oil, and Blubber, taken and tuncag^acts, C imported as aforesaid, and also all Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber of English Fishing, taken in the Seas nor for Whale of Newfoundland., or any of the Seas belonging to any of his Majesty's Plantations or Colonies, and im ?ins, C taken ported into this Kingdom by any of his Majesty's Subjects in English Shipping, were, and are hereby dec — - dared to be free of the said Duties, as all Fish of English taking; the aforesaid Acts, or anything the rein

contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Farther Encou

iqcm, I. C 16, j2 Geo. ], C 2$. §. 7, 5 Geo. 2. c. 28, 6 Geo. 2. c. 33. 13 Geo. 2. c. 28. §. 3.

Party aggrieved iriay appcaj.

inhabitants to

S &9W. n C 24.

9 & 10 W, 3, C 23.

in Newfoundland.

ragar.ents to Greenland Trade, I Ann. St, I, C if, f S Gjto. z. 0.45. 2s Geo. a, C 20,

C 26. 33

A.D. 1699. Anno decimo & undecimo Gullielmi III.

CAP. XXVI.

An act for opening the ancient and making any new Royncs and Watercourses in and near Sedgemore in PR. the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants.

Anno Regni Gullielmi III undecimo.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the four and twentieth Day of August, Anno Dom. 1698. in the tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord William the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by several Prorogations and Adjournments, to the sixteenth Day of November 1699, being the second Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An act for taking away the Bounty Money for exporting Corn, from the ninth Day of February one EXP, thousand six hundred ninety-nine, to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred.

Anno Regni Guglielmi III undecimo & duodecimo.

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and interests in Ireland, and by a land-tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned.

2 s. in the Pound.

WHEREAS soon after your Majesty and your late Royal Consort of ever blessed Memory were e W graciously pleased to accept the Crown and Royal Dignity of this Kingdom, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, many of your majesty's Subjects, contrary to their Duty and Allegiance, traite rously adhering to your majesty's Enemies, levied and maintained, within your Realm of Ireland, a 4 desperate and bloody War and Rebellion against your Majesties, who by the Blessing of God upon your majesty's Royal Conduct and Courage, and the Assistance and very great Expense of your majesty's English Subjects, were reduced unto their due Obedience to the Crown of England: And where as it is highly reasonable, that the Estates of such Rebels and Traitors should be applied, in ease of your majesty's faithful Subjects of this Kingdom, to the Use of the Public: 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Honours, Manors, Baronies, Castles, messuages, Lands, All Lands, Te. tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services, Remainders, Possessions, Royalties, Eranchises, Jurisdictions, nements; C in Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in any wise appertaining, Rights of Entry, Rights ire>and, whereof of Action, Titles, Conditions, Uses, Trusts, Powers, and Authorities, Leases for Life, Lives, or Years, y^sted ortttainc pensions, Annuities, rent charges, and Hereditaments, whether Freehold, Copyhold, or of what Na ed of Treason, tare or Kind soever they be, within the said Realm of Ireland, whereof any Person or Persons, who stand since convicted or attainted of the said High Treason or Rebellion, or other Treason committed in foreign 13 Fcbr. 16s8. Parts since the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight, or who shall be convicted or attainted of any such Treason as aforesaid, by or before the last Day of Trinity Term, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, or who stand convicted or attainted of High Treason, by reason of being found by Inquisition to have died or been slain in actual Rebellion, or w, 1° d!etl 'n since the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty and eight, was or were seized a): ual Rebellion, or possessed, or interested in, or intituled unto, on the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hun, seized dred eighty eight, or at any Time since, in their own Right, or to their own Use, or whereof any other interested in Person or Persons was or were seized or possessed, or interested in, to the Use of or in Trust for them, or any of them, on the said thirteenth Day of February, or at any Time since, or whereof the late King or whereof the James the Second, or any in Trust for him, or to his Use, was seized or possessed, or interested in, at the 1

Time of his Accession to the Crown of England, and all Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances, Extents, and all Judge mortgages, and Securities for Money, Right of Redemption of Mortgages, or other Securities, Debts ments, securi of Record, and other Debts, Specialties, Obligations, Goods, and Chattels, of what Nature or Kind ties Debts, C soever, which any of the said Persons so convicted or attainted, or to be convicted or attainted, wereauj)e veste possessed of, or interested in, in their own Right, or any other in Trust for them or any of them, flood, {owin an^their possessed of, or interested in on the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight, Heirs, ce' or at any Time since, shall be, and are hereby veiled and settled, and adjudged, declared, and taken to be in the actual and real possession and Seisin of Sir Cyril jvyche Knight, Francis Annejley Esquire, James Hamilton Esquire, John Baggs Esquire, John Trenchard Esquire, John isham Esquire, Henry Langford Vol. IV F Esquire,

that the same may be sold, C for the Uses in this Act.

Estates Tail vetted in the said Trustees, C to be sold.

All Grants, C since the said 13 Febr. 168s. under the Great Seal, CC or by Act of Parliament in Ireland, of any of the said forfeited Estates, or of the Estate of the said late K. James II declared null and void.

But Granteesnot accountable for the Profits of f'uch Lands, Tenements, C

Persons having Right or Interest; in any of the Estates vetted in the said Trustees, or if their Heirs, clave surrendered such Ettale, C and accepted a new Grant thereof, such Persons are restored, chut

not to prejudice any Estate, Right, cof Persons comprised In the Articles of Limerick or Galloway, C

nor any person's personal Estate, who submitted.

C 2. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

Esquire, James Hoofer Esquire, John Carry Gentleman, Sir Henry Skeeres Knight, Thomas Harrison Esquire, ifi Ilium Fellowes Esquire, and Thomas Rawlins Esquire, (Trustees nominated and appointed for putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities herein after enacted relating to the said forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland) and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, from the second Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, according to the several Estates and Interests, which the said Persons convicted or attainted, or to be convicted or attainted, or any in Trust for them, or any of them, or to their or any of their Use or Uses, had therein on the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight, or at any Time afterwards, or the said late King, or any in Trust for him, had in any of the Premisses at the Time of Iris Accession to the Crown of England, to the end the same may be bargained, sold, disposed of, and applied by the said Trustees, and the Survivors of them, to and for such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as are herein after expressed, mentioned and declared; and where any of the Person or Persons aforesaid were seized of an estatetail only in the said Honours, Manors, Baronies, Castles, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or other the Premises, either in possession, Reversion or Remainder, the same are hereby enabled and declared to be vested in the said Trustees and their Heirs, in fee ftniple, to the End the same may be absolutely sold and disposed of as aforesaid; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. And for the avoiding all Grants, Alienations and Dispositions, at any Time since the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight, made or granted of the said forfeited or forfeit able Estates or Interests, or of any other the premisses, or any Part or Parcel thereof, or of all or any the Quit rents, Crown rents, Composition rents, or Chiefries belonging to the Crown of Ireland; Be it enacted, That all and every Grant, Demise, Surrender, Release, Custodiam, Lease, Confirmation, or other Alienation or Disposition whatsoever, at any ff ime since the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ei6hty eight, made or granted, or mentioned to be made or granted under the Great Seal of England or Ireland, or Seal of the Exchequer in Ireland, or by any Act or acts of Parliament in Ireland, or otherwise, of any of the said forfeited or forfeitable Estates or Interests, or of the Estate of the said late King James, or any Part thereof, or of any the Quit rents, Crown rents, Composition rents, or Chiefries, belonging to the Crown of Ireland, shall be and are hereby declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

III. Provided nevertheless, that nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to make any such Grantees, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, accountable for the Rents, issues and Profits of any such Honours, Manors, Baronies, Castles, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents and Hereditaments, by them or any of them had, received, or taken, by or before the said second Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, but that they and every of them, may have, retain, keep and possess the same to their own Uses, as well against your Majesty, your Heirs and successors, as against the said Trustees herein before named, and the Survivors of them, and the Heirs, Executors and Administrators of such Survivor, without any Account to be rendered for the same.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, having any Estate, Right, Title or Interest, in or to any of the Estates or Interests, so as aforesaid vested in the said Trustees, before and upon the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight, or if the Pleirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns of any such Person or Persons have or hath nirrendered or released unto his Majesty and the late Queen, or unto his Majesty, such Estate, Right, Title or Interest, and since accepted from his Majesty and the said late Queen, or from his Majesty, any new Grant or Demise thereof, every such Person is hereby declared to be restored to the same Estate, Right, Title or Interest, which he might or would have had in or to such premisses, if no such Surrender or Release had been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, that nothing herein before contained shall be construed to take away, impeach, or prejudice any Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim or Demand whatsoever, which any Person or Persons (who by virtue or in pursuance of any pretended Authority, Power or Jurisdiction of the Council Board in Ireland, or of any Commission under the Great Seal of Ireland for that Purpose, hath or have been adjudged to be comprised within, or to be intituled unto, the Benefit of the Articles of Limerick or Galloway) or the Heirs, Executors, Administrators or Assigns of any such Person or Persons had, have, hath or may claim, in, to or out of any Part of the said forfeited or forfeitable premisses; and for composing the Minds of all your majesty's Subjects concerned therein, every such. Adjudication is hereby confirmed.

VI. Provided also, that nothing herein contained shall impeach or prejudice any Property or Interest of any Person or Persons in or to any Goods or personal Chattels whatsoever, who in pursuance of any De -- claration of their Majesties, submitted to their Majesties Authority, by the Time therein prescribed, upon any Assurance therein contained, to be secured in their Goods, and all their Chattels personal; whatsoever, in case of such Submission.

The Rejl of this Act, relating to the Trujl, which is executed, is omitted.

Trustees to take the Oaths i TV. & M. JJ. i. C 8. And appoint Registers, &c. who are to take an Oath, and not to purchase any Part of the premisses. Trustees may meet and atat such Places in Ireland as they think fit, may send for Persons, Writings, &c. and" administer Oaths. All Sheriffs, Bailiffs, (Ac are to obey their Orders. Trustees may at and determine by Examinations on Oath, &c. inform themselves of the Names of Persons convicted or attainted, and of all real and personal Estates, and by whom

'forfeited.

35

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo Sc duodecimo gulif.lmi III C 2.

forfeited, and of all Encumbrances, jsv. Persons neglecting or refusing to appear before Trustees, may be committed to the County Gaol. Officers not obeying Trustees Precepts may be fined. Persons making Discovery of Debts due to convicted or attainted Persons, and paying two thirds thereof, shall be discharged of the entire Debt, but neglecting to make such Discovery, shall forfeit double. Allowance for Discovery. Forfeiture on Neglect. Trustees may make Compositions touching such Debts. Persons who shall discover any real or personal Estate concealed, shall have y s. per Pound out of such personal Estates, and out of the real Estates a like Proportion, C Discoverers Names shall be certified to the Lords Justices of Ireland. Goods, Chattels, C sold by his Majesty's Commission, fnull be good. Persons not convicted or attainted before the aft Day of Trinity term 1701. shall not be prosecuted for Treason committed during the Rebellion in Ireland. All Persons, except the King and those claiming under him, and except the forfeiting Persons, C having any Right, Title, sv. in any the Lands, Tenements, C so vested in the Trustees, shall by 10 Augtijl 1700. enter their Claims thereunto, or in Default thereof, such Right, Title, CSV. shall be void. Claimants shall answer their Claims upon Oath, and produce Writings and Witness'es. Persons concerned, redding in England, Judges there may administer Oath. If such Claim be not allowed by the Trustees, Claimants shall be for ever barred. Claimants making good their Claims, Trustees to allow thereof. Trustees shall be a Court of Record, and their Judgments final. Claims allowed may be certified by the Trustees, and such Certificate, A shall be allowed as Evidence. No Rights, C so allowed, shall ever after be called in Question. All Conveyances of Lands in Ireland, since 29 May 1686. by Persons since convicted, £s'c. being private Trusts, except Settlements before Marriage, declared fraudulent: And no Claim to be allowed there trustees shall before 25 March 1702. fell the Estates vested in them, ifc. not claimed, and Estates

upon.

claimed as soon as the Claims shall be determined, giving 14 Days Notice, C Any Persons & He.

C may

xxf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, making any such Purchase, and having any such Conveyance and Assurance as aforesaid, and causing the same to be enrolled as aforesaid, within the Space of six Months next after the Date thereof, shall be, and is hereby adjudged to be, in the actual Seilin and possession of such Parts or Parcels of the Premises as shall be so purchased and conveyed: And the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered (if Need be) to issue out their Precept or Precepts to the Sheriffs, or other proper Officer or Officers, of and in the respective Counties, thereby commanding them to cause Possession to be delivered to such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, administrators and Assigns, or to whom they or any of them shall appoint; and all and every such Purchaser or Purchasers, his, her or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall hold and enjoy the same for such Estate and Interest therein respectively, as shall he conveyed by the said Trustees, or any seven or mere of them, in such Indenture of Bargain and Sale, freed and discharged of and from all Arrears of Quit rents, Crown rents and Chiefries, at any Time accrued or' to grow due before the Date of such roipective Conveyances, and of and from all other Claims and Demands of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and of the said Trustees, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, and of all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever (other than and except such Claims and Demands which shall be allowed by the said Trustees, or any ieven or more of them, on the Determination of such Claims as aforesaid) and also freed and discharged of and from any Breach of Trust, which can or may be pretended to be committed by the said Trustees, in not strictly pursuing the Powers or Directions given by this Act: Nevertheless the said forfeited Estates shall after such Sale or Sales thereof be held of the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, as of his Castle of Dublin, by free and common Socage Tenure, and shall be subject from the Time of the Date of such respective Sale and Conveyance, to such Crown rents, quit rents, and Chiefries issuing the reout respectively, as the same were respectively liable to and charged with on the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight; all which Quit rents, Crown rents and Chiefries, and all other the Quit rents, Crown rents and Chiefries belonging to the said Crown of Ireland, on the said thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred eighty eight, shall for ever hereafter remain and be for the Support and Maintenance of the Government of the said. Kingdom of Ireland, and shall be and are hereby enabled and declared to be unalienable and all Grants, 'Charges and Encumbrances since the said thirteenth Day of February, made or at any Time or Times hereafter to be made of the same, or any Part thereof, or wherewith or whereby to affect, charge or encumber the same, or any Part thereof, with any Annuity, Pension, Rent, Debt, Sum or Sums of Money, Charge or Encumbrance whatsoever, shall be and are hereby enacted and declared to be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; nevertheless it is hereby declared and enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who shall have contracted for any such Purchase, shall not within the Time appointed pay the Sum of Money contracted for, every such Buyer shall forfeit one fifth Part of the consideration money contraifted for; and the said Trustees, or any seven or more of tfiem, may and shall proceed to a new Sale of all and every such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments.

XXVI. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall make void any Grant of any Quit rents, or other Rents, made in Consideration of any just Debt or Debts released to the Crown, to the full Value of such Grant, or make void any Grant for Reduction or Abatement of any Quit rent, where such Abatement hath been n ade in Consideration of the Barrenness or Coarseness of any Lands out of which such Quit rents are issuing, or for their better Habitation or Improvement.

Purchasers having enrolled their Conveyances, adjudged to be actually seized of the Premises,

to be put in possession by Sheriffs,

and hold the same clear of all Quit, Rents, C due before Date of Conveyances, CC

Quit Rents to be apportioned by 1 Annsc, flat. 2. C 21. §. It'

Forfeited

To be held of the King in Socage, as of his Castle of Dublin, C

Crown rents, C to be for the Support of the Government of Ireland, and shall be unalienable. Encumbrances thereon, since 13 Feb. declared void.

contractors not paying their Money to forfeit a fifth Part.

In what Case Grants or Abatements of Quit rents shall be valid.

Farther provided fur by t Ann ft i C 31 & 32. and 5 Ann. C 25.

36 C 2.

Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

o w 3' C 6.

W. 3. C 7.

S W. 3. C 22.9W. 3. C 38. o W. 3. C 9.

Forfeited Estates, subject to Debts or Encumbrances, (fc. may be sold. Persons possessed of any Lands, (fc. vested in the Trustees _ give an Account thereof. Penalty. How Fines, (fc. shall be sued for. No Protection, (ifc. shall hinder rrofecution. Trustees not accountable for any Rents, (fc. of the said Estates. Purchasers of any forfeited Estates since 13 February 1688. discharged of such Part of the purchase money unpaid. Allowance to such Purchasers as shall prove Payment of their Money, £5'c. Trustees to certify the Proportions, (fc. No Allowance to be made to Purchasers, who by Perception of Profits have been satisfied their purchase money. Persons having received such purchase money, liable to pay the Surplus. Such as have entered on any forfeited Estates, without Grant thereof, shall answer the Value of the Profits, (fc. or forfeit. But discovering the same, shall be discharged, (fc. The said Estates not charged with Arrears of Rent, (f C during the late War in Ireland. Defaulters not claiming their Right, (fc. to the said forfeited Estates, (fc. Rent, (fc. to be paid into the Exchequer, or in Default forfeited. i11 case of Death surviving Trustees to execute this Act. Debentures, Tallies, (fc. shall be taken as Sterling Money in purchasing the said Estates. Interest shall be allowed on the Tallies, (fc. Debentures, (fc. so taken in, shall be registered, and cancelled, and an Account thereof transmitted to the Exchequer in England. Allowance of 1500 /. per Annum to each of the said Trustees, payable quarterly. Officers, (fc. who have taken Grants of forfeited Estates in lieu of Arrears, (fc. and released his Majesty, shall be intituled to such Arrears, (fc. as if not released. Trustees may convey Church Livings forfeited, to such Trustees as the Bishop of the Diocese shall nominate, (fc. Proviso for a Grant of 1500l. for Repair of Churches in Limerick. And for the Grant of the Earl of Romney, C And for the King's Grant to Colonel Richard Gorges, C Charles Lord Baltimore being outlawed by Mistake may reverse the same, (fc. Proviso for Edward Gohegan. Clause for selling the forfeited Estate of William late Earl of Limerick, e. Lady Kenmare and her Children, and the Wife of Duclly Bagnal, not to be prejudiced; nor Anne Wife of Christopher late Lord Slane, of her Jointure, (fc. nor Sir Thomas Prendergast, or Francis de la rue Esquire. Proviso for Grants made to Dr. John Lefiie, John Baker, and James Roch, for eminent Services, (fc. And for saving the Grant, (fc. to Sir Christopher Wandesford from the Natives of Idough, C and the Grant in Trust for the Children of Six Charles Porter. Debts or Moneys owing to Persons attainted, payable by James Duke of Ormond, C remitted. Proviso for the Portions and Maintenance of the Daughters of Sir Valeritine Brown, C Proviso for 6000l. among the Daughters of Calaghan Earl of Clancarty, C Proviso for Dorothy ba roness Dowager of Upper oj/bry, C Commissioners of this Act shall be Commissioners for the Acton Marriages, Births, and Burials, and for the Duties on Houses, during the Continuance of those Adds.

CL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of the House of Commons, in Sfter 2beacom Present or any future Parliament, during the time of his being a Member of Parliament, shall from

No Member of Parliament shall

3700. missioner or Farmer of the Excise, or a Commissioner of Appeals, or Controller, or Auditor of the said Duty.

and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred, be capable of being a Commissioner or Farmer of the Duty of Excise' upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, or of being a commissioner for determining Appeals concerning the said Duty, or controlling or auditing the Account of the said Duty, or of holding or enjoying in his own Name, or in the Name of any other Person in Trust for him or for his Use and Benefit, or of executing by himself or his Deputy, any Office, Place or Employment, touching or concerning the farming, collecting or managing the said Duty of Excise.

CLI. And be it further enacted, That if any Member of the House of Commons in this present or any future Parliament, during the Time of his being a Member of Parliament, shall at any Time after the said four and twentieth Day of June, by himself or his Deputy, or any other in Trust for him, or for his Benefit, take, enjoy or execute any Office, Place or Employment, touching or concerning the Such persons in farming, managing or collecting the said Duty of Excise, or determining Appeals concerning the said capable of sitting Duty, or controlling or auditing the Accounts of the same, such Person is hereby declared and enacted to

in the House of'*- - - -», " -

Commons,

be absolutely incapable of sitting, voting or acting as a Member of the House of Commons in such Parliament.

CLII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That nothing herein before contained shall extend, or be construed to extend (during the Continuance of this Parliament) to the disabling any Person, at present a Member of the House of Commons, from being concerned in the managing, farming or collecting the said Duties of Excise, or in determining Appeals concerning the same, or in controlling or auditing the Accounts thereof, so as such Person shall not, after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred, fit, vote or add in the said House; anything herein before contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tenant of his Majesty is or shall be hereafter, by Neglect or Mistake, returned into his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, for any <uu, Rent which hath been actually paid, that then and in every such Case, on producing the Receipt for the paid, ft»ti"bedir Rent from the Receiver, or other proper Officer, the Treasurer, Remembrancer, Clerk of the Pipe, charged on pro and other proper Officers, are hereby authorised and required, without Fee or Reward, to discharge such ducing Receipt. tenant's Name upon the several Rolls where such Rent is charged, so that the said Rent, by Neglect or

but not to disable any present Member till after 24 June.

king's Tenants returned into the Exchequer for Rent actually

Mistake returned into the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall be no more whatsoever.

given in Charge

to any Sheriff

37

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III C 3.

CAP. m.

An Act for laying further Duties upon Wrought Silks, Mullins, and forne other Commodities of the East Indies, and for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain reversionary Annuities therein mentioned.

Moji gracious Sovereign,

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the All wrought Commons of England in Parliament assembled, as a further Supply for your majesty's Occasions insi]ks> con this Act mentioned, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do hereby give and grant to which 3 your Majesty the further Rates, Payments, Duties, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned. And be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi prohibited af ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, ter Expiration That for and upon all wrought Silks, and for and upon all Bengals and Stuffs made of or mixed with Silk hereof)bya or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or the East Indies, and for and upon all Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or Lined there, which from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand ° but the' seven hundred, and before the thirtieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord Duty of j5 persone thousand seven hundred and one, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England', Domi Cent. onmuflin. nion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corpo'! further, con rate whatsoever, there shall be yielded and paid to his Majesty (over and above all Customs, Subsidies £, a Impositions and Duties already due and payable for the same) a further Duty after the Rate of fifteen w. u. Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the said Goods, to be ascertained as is Further Duties herein after mentioned; and for and upon all Mullins which from and after the said five and twentieth laicl on wrought Day of March one thousand seven hundred, and before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand fe 'lks) een23, s ven hundred and one, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom, Dominion or Town aforesaid, prc0'm 2 Match there shall be yielded and paid to his Majesty (over and above all other Duties now payable for the same) ioo to 30 a further Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value §epr. 1701. of the said Mullins, to be also ascertained as is herein after mentioned.'JSJ percent.

Explained as to

Muslins and Calicoes 12 & 13 W. 3. C II §14, farther continued by 3 &4 Annas, C 4. 6 Annse, C 22. and perpetuated by 7 Annas, C 7. 26.' The

like Duty on Muslins.

II. And for the better raising, levying and securing the said Duties, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds in the hundred, it is hereby further enacted, That upon the Importation of any such Goods as aforesaid liable thereunto, an Entry or Entries thereof shall be made in the customhouse where such Goods shall be imported, and before the landing thereof the Importer or Importers of the same shall give Security by Bond, with two or more sufficient Sureties (which the of or proper Officers of the Customs are hereby required or empowered to take) for Payment of the said Duties after the Rate of fifteen Pounds in the hundred upon the said Goods, as soon as the same shall be sold, and for exposing the Goods so imported to Sale openly and fairly, by way of Atiftion, or by Inch of Candle, within the City of London, within the Time of twelve Months after the Importation thereof.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Value of the said Goods, according to which the said Rate is to be paid, shall be reckoned according to the gross Trice at which such Goods shall be sold; and that in case any such Goods shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the customhouse in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and the Duties hereby imposed shall be secured as aforesaid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering of the same first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, that all such imported Goods as shall be so landed or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof (to wit) two third Parts of the same to the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and the other third Part to the Use of such Person or Persons as will seize the said Goods, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, by Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Eflbin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Duties of fifteen Pounds in the hundred shall be from Time to Time under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, who shall cause the same to be raised, levied, collected, and paid to the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers General of the Revenue of the Customs for the ime being; and such Receiver or Receivers General for the Time being shall answer and pay over all the Moneys arising thereby (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same only excepted) into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Goods or Merchandizes upon which the said further Duties of fifteen Pounds in the hu/.dred are paid, or secured to be paid, as aforesaid, be again exported at any Time or Times within twelve Months after the Importation thereof, and that due Proof be first made upon Oath, that the Goods or Merchandizes, so exported, be the same for which the said Duties are paid, or secured to be paid as aforesaid, then and in such Case (and not otherwise) the same Duties shall, without any Delay or Reward, be wholly repaid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, out of such Moneys as shall be in

his

Goods to be en tred at the customhouse where imported. Importer to give Security for Payment of Duty. 'these 12 Months enlarged to 3 Years by 7 Geo. 1. Stat.

I. C 21. §. 11.*

How Goods shall be valued. Penalty on landing them before Entry,

Commissioners of the Customs 1 to manage these Duties.

Made perpetual by 7 Annae, C 7. and Part of the Aggregate Fund,

3 pco. 1. C 8,

Goods exported again. Duty to be repaid,

6 These 12 Months are enlarged to 3 Years by 7 Geo. 1. Srat.

5. C 2;. §. Ho

Allowance on piompt Payment.

Persons having or not having Estates for Life in Annuities of 141 percent. per Ann.

6 & 7 W. 3,

5 "

may for 701.

iid.via of 96 Years, C

38 C 3. Anno undetsimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

his Hands of the said Duties of fifteen percent, arising by this Act, unto the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, making the said Exportations, or the said Security shall be vacated, as to so much of the said Goods or Merchandizes as shall be so exported; anything in this Act, or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That in case any of the said Goods which shall have been entered, and for which Security shall have been given as aforesaid, shall, within the Time hereby limited, be fairly sold by Way of Action as aforesaid, that then the Importer paying down, in ready Money, his Majesty's said Duties of fifteen Pounds per Centum for such Goods, within twenty Days after such Sale, shall have an Allowance for such prompt Payment after the Rate of five Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the Duties so paid.

VII. And for the more effectual raising the Money which is necessary for the Supply of your majesty's Occasions before mentioned, we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects do cheerfully and unanimously grant unto your Majesty a farther Aid, to arise by Contributions for Annuities, to be purchased in such Manner as is herein after expressed. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, having or not having any Estate for one Life, of and in any Annuity purchased or obtained at the Rate of one hundred Pounds for every fourteen Pounds per Annum., upon the several Acts of Parliament mentioned in an Act: made and passed in the Parliament which was held at Westminster in the sixth and seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enabling such Persons as have estates for Life in Annuities, payable by several former Afrts therein mentioned, to purchase and obtain further and more certain Interests in Jiich Annuities; and in Default thereof, for admitting other Persons to purchase and obtain the same, for raif.ng Money for carrying on the War against France, at any Time before the second Day of November one thousand seven hundred, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, so much Money as every

change the same Gr any such Annuity, being computed for five Years, doth or shall amount unto (that is to say) every tain fotth^rtt' ^uc^' - erson having or being intituled to such Estate for Life, shall or may pay to his Majesty's Use, for on e C eyer one j, urlc|red Pounds that was paid for the single Life in any Annuity of fourteen Pounds per Annum the Sum of seventy Pounds, forehanging or converting the same into a certain Term for the Residue which shall be then to come of ninety six Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of ja nuary one thousand six hundred ninety five, or for an Interest in such Annuity for the Residue of the said Term of ninety six Years, to take effect after the said Estate for Life; and every Person not having such Estate for Life, shall or may contribute or pay to his Majesty's Use for every one hundred Pounds that was paid for the single Life in any such Annuity of fourteen Pounds per Annum, the like Sum of seventy Pounds for an Interest in such Annuity for the Residue of the said Term of ninety six Years, to be charged with and subject to the present Estate for Life of and in the same Annuities respectively, and in the same Proportion there hall be paid a Rate or Consideration for higher or larger Annuities'; and that all and every the Person or Persons so paying the Consideration Money as aforesaid, shall immediately, upon Payment of their Moneys, be intituled by this Act to such Annuity or Annuities so to be purchased, and the same shall be charged upon such respective Fund or Revenue in the said former Act mentioned, as if the Consideration Money so to be contributed or advanced for the same, had been actually advanced or contributed within the respective Times limited by the said former Act.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the Directions, Powers, and Clauses in the said former Act contained, for or concerning the levying of Tallies, the making forth of Orders, or for making Transferences or Alignments, or for the apportioning or applying the Moneys arising by the said Funds or Revenues, or any of them, or for appointing, settling, or establishing any other Matter or Thing for or in pmation to the respective Annuities thereby purchased or obtained, shall be and are by Force and Virtue of this Act revived, and shall be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for or in respect of such Annuities as shall be purchased and obtained upon this Act, as fully and effectually, as if the same Powers, Directions, and Clauses were here again expressed and particularly repeated.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for his Majesty, by any Warrant under his Royal Sign Manual, to be countersigned by any three or more of the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer for the Time being, to give Licence and Power to Doctor Peter Allix, or his Assigns, to import and bring into the Port of London any Quantity of Paper, called Great Demy Paper, to be used in the printing of a History of the feverr.l Councils to be set forth by the said Doctor Allix, not exceeding in the whole five thousand Reams, and that the Quantity of Paper, so licensed, shall and maybe imported and passed, without Payment of any' cu ftom, Subsidy, or other Duty for the same, upon the Importation thereof; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas several Persons have purchased upon former Acts several Annuities, which were re speetively to take effect after one Life, then supposed to be in being, for the Remainder of the said ' I erm of ninety and six Years, and at the Time of the Purchase of such Annuities, some of the Nomi nees, upon whose Lives such Annuities depended, or were supposed to depend, or expect, were actual ly dead, but not known to be io; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear to the Lord High Treasurer ol England, or the of of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, or any three or more of them, that any such Reversionary Annuity hath been so purchased as _ and at the Time of such respective Purchase, the Nominee or Nominees, upon whose Live or

nuityto have's Lives such Reversion or Reversions did depend or were supposed to depend, or expect, was or were aftu new Talley and ally dead, that then and in such case, the respective Person or Persons that have so purchased such Rever

Parchafers, on Payment, intituled to such Annuities, C

Powers, C 6 & 7 W. 3., C 5. revived.

Dr. Allix may import 5000 Ream of great p^irvy Paper,

Costom Free.

On Death of Nominee,

Purchaser of the aforesaid, reverher aryan

Order, C fiou or Reversions, and his, her,

or their Assignees thereof respectively, upon delivering up of the Tallies'

and

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gulieiaii III C 3,

and Orders for such respective reversionary Annuities to the Officers of his Majesty's Exchequer, shall in lieu thereof there receive from them, by Warrant or Order from the said Lord High Treasurer, or commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being as aforesaid, who are hereby empowered to grant the same, one or more Tallies or Orders for the like Reversion of the same yearly Sum or Annuity as is mentioned in such Tallies or Orders so to be delivered up, expectant and to commence upon the Death of a Nominee and Nominees who shall be then actually living; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And whereas some of the said Nominees, for whole Lives some of the said Annuities are or have been held, cannot be found or heard of, and the Parties that are or were intituled to such Annuities do not come or send to demand the said Annuities, whereby it is become uncertain whether such Nominees be living or dead, or were so at the Time of the purchasing such Reversions, whereby the Titles of such Purchasers of such Reversions are become and will become disputablefor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Annuity or Annuities (whereupon the Reversion or Reversions are or shall be purchased, as aforesaid) are or shall not be de If Annuity br manded at the Exchequer for the Space of two Years next after the same shall become payable, and in not demanded case Certificates of the Life or Lives of any Nominee or Nominees, upon whose Life or Lives any An Certificate' 'o? nuitics do depend, shall not be produced to the Officers of his Majesty's Exchequer, or sufficient Proof du«a'of'th made thereof, according to the Rules prescribed by the former Acts, within two Years next after the said Lifeof Nominee, Annuities shall from Time to Time become payable, then and from thenceforth, from and after the Expiration of the said two Years, such Nominee and Nominees, of whose Life or Lives no such Certificate such Nominee; shall be produced, or Proof made, shall be taken to be dead, and the Person or Persons that hath or shall c 1, 1311 be ta hereafter purchase such Reversion or Reversions of such Annuity or Annuities, expectant upon the Death ke" tl° pe of such Nominee or Nominees, of whose Life or Lives no such Certificate shall be produced, or Proof of theeeversion^ made, shall receive the said respective Annuity and Annuities, from Time to Time, until such Certificate shall receive the shall be produced, or Proof made, and shall not he accountable for such Part of the said Annuity as he amc. shall then have actually received for Default of such Certificate or Proof; anything in this or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and pasted in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates 4 W. & Mr C C and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That it shall and may be law full for any Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by any Writing under Hand and Seal, or by his last Will in Writing, to assign or devise any one or more Share or Shares of the Fund therein mentioned to any Person or Persons, and no such Assignment to be revocable, so as an Entry or Memorandum thereof be made 111 the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt within the Space of two Months after such Assignment or Death of the Devisor; upon producing such Assignment or Will,

the Party is to bring an Affidavit of the Execution thereof, to be filed, as is therein specified: ' whereas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for enlarging the Lime for purchasing certain Estates or Inter ejls in several Annuities therein mentioned, g w, 3, C 24,

several reversionary Tallies have been struck, and Orders thereupon drawn, for Payment of reversionary 1 Annuities, in the Name ot Richard Earl of Ranelagh of the Kingdom of Ireland, and by him issued out to such Uses as in and by the said Act is directed; some Doubt arising whether the Assignments made by the said Earl, on the Back of the said Orders, be according to the Form prescribed by the first recited Act, whereby the several and respective Assignees may not have such legal Titles to the said Tallies and Orders, as by the said last recited Act was intended they should, which may obstruct the Sale or convey ing away the same, and their receiving any Annuity due or to grow due thereon To the end therefore that all Persons who now are of at any Time hereafter shall or may he possessed of or interested in any of the said Tallies and Orders, may have and he invested in a good and lawful Title to the same, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said endorsed Assignments now made or rndorfsd assign hereafter to be made by the said Earl of Ranelagh, or other Person or Persons authorised to make the same, ments 1113116 for conveying the said Tallies and Orders to such Persons, and to such Uses, as in the said recited Act rc

are specified, and all other Assignments, whether endorsed or otherwise, made by virtue of and subsequent ofranelagh' fc to such Endorsed Assignments, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such subsequent Assignments be made adinogcu good, in the said Office of the Receipt, before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven Explained by hundred, shall be and are hereby deemed and adjudged to be as good to all Intents and Purposes what 5 Ge? u C soever in Law, as if each and every of the said Assignments had been executed in every Particular, pur^to the Form and Manner in the first above recited Act more at large prescribed and enabled.

XIII. And whereas several Tickets, commonly called Malt Tickets, which are unpaid, and several of the Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills, not discharged, are by Casualty or Mischance, burnt, lost,

or otherwise destroyed, 'it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases, where it shall appear by Affi Malt Tickctror davit to be made before any of the Barons of the Exchequer, that any such Ticket or Tickets, or any such Exchequer Bills. Exchequer Bills, as aforesaid, before the third Day of April one thousand seven hundred, have been or !)ur^orloft'&<k are burnt, destroyed, or otherwise lost, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers appointed to discharged! pay or discharge the said Tickets or Bills, upon the producing a Certificate from the said Baron, of such Affidavit made before him (which Affidavit the said Barons or any of them is and: are hereby' authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to grant, without Fee or Reward anion Security given to the said respective Officers to their good liking, to indemnify them, respectively against

alii

4-0

2 W. 3. C io.

Part thereof repealed.

English bone lace, C may bf exported into America or Scotland, C Custom Free.

Tallow Candles imported, on Exportation again, one Moiety of the Duties to be repaid.

Clause of Appropriation.

One year's in lereft on Malt Tickets, C

half-pay to disbanded Officers.

C 3. Anno undecimo Sc duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 170©.

nil other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning the Money contained or specified in such Ticket or Tickets, Bill or Bills, or which was due thereon, they the said Officers respectively hall, and are hereby required to pay and discharge the said Tickets or Bills, as he or they should have paid or discharged the original Tickets or Bills, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed such Payment in their respective Accounts; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas in and by sn Act made and passed in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, in

An Act for making good the Defciences of the several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging' the capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the public Credit, it was amongst other Things enacted, That no Assignment or Transferrence, which from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety seven should be made of any the Orders or Tallies therein mentioned, ' or any the Moneys contained therein, upon the selling, buying, or bargaining of the same, should be good, unless such Assignment or Transferrence be made and signed, or sealed, and be, within ten

Days after the signing thereof, entered or regi fired, and that Oath be thereupon made concerning the Premium, Gratuity, or Consideration in the Manner and Form prescribed by the said Act, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the Provision so made concerning the Sale of Tallies and Orders, was at the Time of making thereof, and afterwards, ' of great Service to the Public; but by reason such Tallies and Orders, as aforesaid, are now generally risen in their Value and Ellimation, and the said Provision is become needless, and in some Respects

*' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Clauses of the said Act herein recited, for or concerning the making, entering, and regiltring such Alignments, as aforesaid, and for making Oath concerning the Premium, Gratuity or Consideration Money, as aforesaid, are and shall be repealed and utterly void, and that all Alignments made or to be made, of or upon any the said Orders or Tallies, shall be of such or the like Force and Effect, as the same would have been, if the said recited Clauses concerning the same, had not been inserted in the said Act; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas great Numbers of the Poor of this Kingdom are employed in the Manufacture of bone lace For the Encouragement thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the hr ft Day of May one thousand seven hundred it shall and may be lawful, for all Persons, Natives and Foreigners, to export to the English Plantations in America, or to any other Parts beyond the Seas, or into Scotland, all Sorts of English bone lace, needlework, Point or cut work without paying any Custom or Duty for the same, Oath being first made, that the same was made or manufactured within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ifales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any Law or Statute to contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas Tallow Candles imported into this Kingdom, are chargeable by several Acts of Parliament, with the Subsidies of Tunnage and Pondage, and other Impositions; 'it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred the one Moiety and no more of all the said Subsidies and Impositions, payable only for such Tallow Candles as shall be exported, according to the Rules and Methods by the said Acts appointed, shall be repaid, or discharged upon the Security for the same; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the Sum of twenty seven thousand Pounds, by another Act of this Session of Parliament, appointed to be paid for the Uses therein mentioned, out of the Money to be advanced by Farmers or Contractors for the dutie^of Excise, and certain Duties upon Salt, upon a Farm or Contract (if any such shall be) for a Term not exceeding three Years, to commence from the four and twentieth Day of June next, there shall be and is hereby appropriated and applied out of such Advance Money a further Sum not exceeding twenty-five thousand Pounds, as well for discharging one year's Interest upon the four and twentieth Day cajune one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, upon the Tickets commonly called the Malt Tickets, as also to go in aid of the Arrears of the late Duties upon Malt, to make up the sixty fifth Payment in Course of the Malt Tickets; that is to say, to complete the sixty fifth Sum of ten thousand Pounds payable thereupon; and the proper Officer and Officers concerned in the Payment of the said Tickets, are hereby required to endorse the Interest so paid upon every Ticket, and to keep a fair Account of such Payments in a Book for that purpose; if any of the said Tickets, or any of the Exchequer Bills, shall be applied to the purchasing of any forfeited Estates in Ireland, the same shall be first tried or proved with the Counterparts thereof in the respective Offices for the same in England, and be certified to be true Bills or Tickets by the proper Officers there; and such further Sum not exceeding twelve thousand Pounds, as shall be necessary for the discharging the half-pay of disbanded Officers, to the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, shall (over and above the Sum of forty-one thousand Pounds already appropriated for the half-pay of such Officers) be likewise furnished and supplied out of such advance money, to be paid by such Farmers or Contractors as aforesaid (if any such be) and all the rest and Residue of the said Moneys to be advanced by such Farmers or Contractors as aforesaid (if any such be) is hereby appropriated, and shall be applied, to and for the making good of the several and respective Funds, and to the several and respective Uses and Purposes, whereunto the several Branches of the said Excise and Salt Duties are ap propiiated or directed by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, and in the same Proportions, Order and Form, as the said Duties themselves^are hereby appropriated or applicable; anything in this or any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III C 4.: 41

XVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be law 20, 000]. to full for the Lord Treasurer, or the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or wards the Debt any three or more of them, and they are hereby directed, to pay or cause to be paid out of the Moneyfor ccka"d appropiated to the Use of the Navy fdr this present Year one thousand seven hundred, the Sum of twenty ° "n bea' thousand Pounds towards the discharging Part of the Debt due for ftck and wounded Seamen; anything in this or any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

CHAP. IV

An Act for the further preventing the Growth of Popery.

WHEREAS here has been of late a much greater Resort into this Kingdom than formerly of Popish Bishops, Priests and Jesuits, and they do very openly, and in insolent Manner, affront.

the Laws, and daily endeavour to pervert his Majesty's natural born Subjects, which has been occa fioned, by neglect of the due Execution of the Laws already in Force: For preventing the further Growth of Popery, and of such treasonable and execrable Designs and Conspiracies against his Majesty's Person and Government, and the established Religion, as have lately, as well as frequently here tofore, been brought to light, and happily defeated by the wonderful Providence of God; ' Be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That 100l. Reward frotttand after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand and seven hundred, all and every Per "f^ns p son and Persons, who shall apprehend and take one or more Popish Bishop, Priest or Jcfuit, and prosecute pru, ft or°ufujt him or them so apprehended and taken, until he or they be convicted of saying Mass or of exercising any convicted of other Part of the Office or Function of a Popish Bishop or Priest within these Realms, shall have and saying Mass, C receive from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Conviction shall be made (without paying any Fee for the same) for every such Offender so convicted, the Sum of one hundred Pounds within four Months after such Conviction, and Demand thereof made, by tendring a Certificate to the said She to be paid by the riff or Sheriffs, under the Hand or Hands of the Judge or Justices before whom such Conviction shall be Sheriff, C made, certifying the Conviction of such Popish Bishop, Priest or Jesuit, and also that such Popish Bishop,

Priest or Jesuit, Popish Bishops, Priests or Jesuits, was or were taken by the Person or Persons claiming

the said Reward: And in case any Dispute shall happen to arise between the Persons so apprehending in case of Dif

any Popish Bishop, Priest or Jesuit, touching their Right and Title to the said Reward, that then the pute about flu

said Judge or Justices so respectively certifying as aforesaid, " shall in and by their said Certificate di nng the Reward,

rest and appoint the said" Reward to be paid unto and amongst the Parties claiming the same, in jj^thefam^.0*"

such Share and Proportion as to the said Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; if'

it shall happen any such Sheriff or Sheriffs shall die, or be removed, before the Expiration of four

Months after such Conviction and Demand made of the said Reward (not being paid as aforesaid)

that then the next succeeding Sheriff, or Sheriffs of the said County shall' pay the same, within two Months after Demand, and Certificate brought as aforesaid; if Default of Payment of the said Penalty, on Skcr

Sum or Sums of Money shall happen to be made by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, such Sheriff or Sheriffs, so riff making De

making Default, shall forfeit to the Person or Persons to whom such Money is due as aforesaid, two hun faultofpa)menu

dred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their Executors or Administrators, in any of his

majesty's courts of Record at Ivejhmnjler, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein but

one Imparlance, and no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, with full Costs of Suit

by him or them expended in the Recovery of the same.

II. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Sheriffs, their Successors, Executors or Administrators, Sheriffs to be upon producing such respective Certificates, or a Duplicate or Duplicates thereof, shall have the Moneys repaid by the contained in such Certificate paid to them by the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's 'lteafury treasury for the time being, out of the Revenue of the Crown.

III. And for a further Remedy against the growth of Popery, over and beyond the good Laws already

made, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Popish Bishop, Priest or Jesuit what Penalty on po soever, shall say Mass, or exercise any other Part of the Office or Function of a Popish Bishop or Priest p1*?1 within these Realms, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, or if any Papist, or Person making profession of the Popish Religion, shall keep School, or take upon themselves the Education or Government, ln, a s' cor boarding of Youth in any Place within this Realm, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, such Per gchoot'&cf. son or Persons being thereof lawfully convicted, that then every such Person shall on such Conviction be adjudged to perpetual Imprisonment, in such Place or Places within this Kingdom, as the King by Advice of his Privy Council shall appoint.

IV. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twen Papists not ta tieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, if any Perking the Oaths son educated in the Popish Religion, or professing the same, shall not within six Months after lie or Hie 'a"t^yesrs of shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also subscribe cars 0 the Declaration set down and expressed in an Act of Parliament made in the thirtieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preserving the King's Person 30car.2.flat. 2. and Government, by disabling Papish from sitting in either House of Parliament, to be by him or her made, repeated and subscribed in the Courts of Chancery or King's Bench, or Quarter sessions of the County where such Person shall reside, every such Person shall in respect of him or herself only, and not to or in respect of any of his or her Heirs or Posterity, be disabled and made incapable to inherit or take by De vol IV G scent,

42 C 5. Anno undecimo Sc duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

Incapable to inherit any Linds, C Next of Kin, being a Protestant, to enjoy the same, and not accountable, C except for wilful Waste by 3 Geo. 1. c. 18.

§ 4.'

Papist, &c. incapable to purchase Lands, cast

not to extend to popish Priest saying Mass, &c. in foreign minister's House, so as he be not King's natural born Subject, C

3 Jac. 1. C 5.

Person convicted of sending Child, &c. beyond Sea, to be educated in

feent, Devise or Limitation, in Possession, Reversion or Remainder, any Lands, Tenements or Hered i taments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed: And that during the Life of such Person, or until he or she do take the said Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration in Manner as aforesaid, the next of his or her Kindred, which shall be a pro testant, shall have and enjoy the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, without being accountable for the Profits by him or her 'received during such Enjoyment thereof as aforesaid: in case of any wilful Waste committed on the said Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by the Person so having or enjoying the same, or any other by his or her Licence or Authority, the Party disabled, his or her Executors and Administrators, shall and may recover treble Damages for the same, against the Person committing such Waste, his or her Executors or Administrators, by Action of Debt in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that from and after the tenth day of April, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, every Papist, or Person making Profession of the Popish Religion, shall be disabled, and is hereby made incapable, to purchase, either in his or her own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, to his or herufe, or in Trust for him or her, any Manors, Lands, Profits out of Lands, Tenements, Rents, Terms or Hereditaments, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and that all and singular Estates, Terms, and any other Interests or Profits whatsoever out of Lands, from and after the said tenth Day of April, to be made, suffered or done, to or for the Use or Behoof of any such Person or Persons, or upon any Trust or Confidence, mediately or immediately, to or for the Benefit or Relief of any such Person or Persons, shall be utterly void and of none Effect, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to any Popish Priest for saying Mass, or officiating as a Priest, within the dwelling house of any foreign Minister residing here, so as such Priest be not one of his Majesty's natural born Subjects, nor naturalised within any of his Kingdoms or Dominions, and so as the Name of such Priest, and the Place of his Birth, and the foreign Minister to whom he shall belong, be entered and registered in the Office of the principal Secretary of State.

VI. And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers tvbtch may grow by popl/h Recusants, whosoever shall be convicted of sending,

or causing to be sent, any Child, or any other Person under their Government, into Parts beyond the Seas out of the King's Obedience, to the Intent that such Child or Person so sent should be educated in

the Romish Religion, contrary to the said Act, is to forfeit one hundred Pounds, one Half to the

king's Majesty, and the other Half to him that shall sue for the same For the greater Encouragement and Reward of those who shall discover such Offenders, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of one hundred Pounds shall be to the sole Use and Benefit of him or her who shall discover

the Romish Rc^and convict any Person so offending, to be recovered in such Manner as in the said recited Act is enacted to 'odelt anything in the said Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And to the End that the Protestant Children of Popish Parents may not in the life times of such their Parents, for want of fitting Maintenance, be necessitated, in Compliance with their Parents, to embrace the Popish Religion, contrary to their own Inclinations; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, refnfin ttallow hat from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred, if any such hh protestant Parent, in order to the compelling such his or her Protestant Child to change his or her Religionj shall Child, C sitting refuse to allow such Child a fitting Maintenance, suitable to the Degree and Ability of such Parent, and Maintenance, on to the Age and Education of such Child, then upon Complaint thereof made to the Lord High Chan complaintthere cellor of England, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal, or Commissioners for the Great Seal for the time 1 r xld ., an t being, it shall be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners, to make such o['der ihereb Order therein as shall be agreeable to the Intent of this Act.

PR.

33 & 14 Car. 2. C 27.

Continued by 9 Geo. 3. c. 30.

1. to May 3744. and further continued for 2 3 Years by 13 Geo. 2. c. 7.'

CAP. V.

An Act for the Repair of Dover Harbour. From i May 1700. to 1 May 1709. Duty to be paid for all Ships, ts'e. from 20 to 300 Tuns, for every loading and discharging in England, for, from, to, or by Dover, he. towards Repair of the Harbour, 3 d. per Tun. Aliens the like. Coals to pay Three Halfpence per Chaldron. Grindstones Three Halfpence per Tun. Number of Tuns to be made from Entry of Goods. No Goods to be entered till Oath made of ship's Burden, is'e. Receivers of the Moneys to keep Account thereof, and pay the same once a Month to the Cashier of the Customs at London, he. who is to pay the same to the Treasurer of Dover Harbour, to be expended in Repair of the said Harbour. No Coaster or Fisherman to pay but once a Year. Warden, is'e. to cause the Repair of the Harbour to be set upon, and give Order therein, &c. Treasurer may convey the Duties for five Years, for 6000l. to be lent at Si. percent. Persons disbursing Moneys for Repair of the Harbour, to be accountable on Oath. Account to remain in the Navy Office. If the Harbour be sufficiently repaired within the Time limited, Collectien to cease. Ships belonging to Weymouth, he, exempted, as also Great Yarmouth, and Ramsgate.

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo Sc duodecimo Guglielmi III C 6, 7.

43

CAP. VI.

An Act to enable his Majesty's natural born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

WHEREAS diverse Persons, born within the King's Dominions, are di fabled to inherit and make their Titles by Descent from their Ancestors, by reason that their Fathers or Mothers, or some other Ancestor (by whom they are to derive their Descent) was an Alien, and not born within the King's dominionsfob Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons, being the King's natural born Subject or Subjects within any of the King's Realms or Dominions, strall and may hereafter lawfully inherit and be inheritable as Heir or Heirs to any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, and make their Pedigrees and Titles by Descent from any of their Ancestors King's natural lineal or collateral, although the Father and Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor of such born Subjects Person or Persons, by, from, through, or under whom he, she, or they shall or may make or derive their at

Title or Pedigree, were or was, or is or are, or shall be born out of the King's Allegiance, 'and out of honours ma his Majesty's Realms and Dominions, as freely, fully, and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if nors, C though such Father or Mother, or Fathers or Mothers, or other Ancestor or Ancestors, by, from, through, or their Parents. under whom he, she, or they shall or may make or derive their Title or Pedigree, had been naturalised, were born out of or natural born Subjects, or Subjects within the King's Dominions; any Law or Custom to the contrary sc

notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Piracy.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of King8 H. 8. C ij.

Henry the Eighth, it is enacted, That Treasons, Felonies, Robberies, Murders, and Confe Amended by deracies committed on the Sea, shall be inquired of, tried, and determined according to the common 1s Geo. 2 c. 33.

Course of the Laws of this Land used for such Offences upon the Land within this Realm; whereupon the Trial of those Offenders before the Admiral, or his Lieutenant, or his Commissary, hath been alro gether disused: And whereas, that since the making of the said Act, and especially of late Years, it hath been found by Experience, that Persons committing Piracies, Robberies, and Felonies on the Seas, in or near the East and West Indies, and in Places very remote, cannot be brought to condign Punishment without great Trouble and Charges in sending them into England to be tried within the Realm, as the said Statute directs, inso much that many idle and profligate Persons have been thereby encouraged to turn Pirates, and betake themselves to that sort of wicked Life, trusting that they shall not, or at least cannot easily, be questioned for such their Piracies and Robberies, by reason of the great Trouble and Expense that will necessarily fall upon, such as shall attempt to apprehend and prosecute them for the lame: And whereas the Numbers of them are of late very much increased, and their Insolences so great, that unless some speedy Remedy be provided to suppress them, by a strict and more easy Way for putting the ancient Laws in that Behalf in Execution, the Trade and Navigation into remote Parts i Halt's P. C

will very much suffer thereby Be it therefore declared and enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this^3s3 present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Piracies, Felonies, and Robberies committed in or upon the Sea, or in any Haven, River, Creek, or Place, where the Admiral or How and where Admirals have Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction, may be examined, inquired of, tried, heard, and de ^lrac'x 'c Fe, 0" termined, and adjudged, according to the Directions of this Act, in any Place at Sea, or upon the Land, " '; tt edon these'a in any of his Majesty's Islands, Plantations, Colonies, Dominions, torts, or t adtones, to be appointed may be tried, for that Purpose by the King's Commission or Commissions under the Great Seal of England, or the Seal of the Admiralty of England, directed to all or any of the Admirals, Vice admirals, Reer admirals, < By 4 gc0'Judges of Vice admiralties, or Commanders of any of his Majesty's Ships of War, and also to all ore. n. §.7. of any such Person or Persons, Officer or Officers, by Name, or for the Time being, as his Majesty shall finders against think fit to appoint; which said Commissioners shall have full Power jointly or severally, by Warrant this act may be under the Hand and Seal of them, or any one of them, to commit to safe Custody any Person or Persons, t?2sh s'evc against whom Information of Piracy, Robbery, or Felony upon the Sea, shall be given upon Oath (which - S oath they or any one of them shall have full Power, and are hereby required to administer) and to call Admiralty Court and assemble a Court of Admiralty on shipboard, or upon the Land, when and as often as Occasion toconfiftofseven shall require; which Court flrall consist of seven Persons at the least. Persons.

II. And if so many of the Persons aforesaid cannot conveniently be assembled, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any three of the aforesaid Persons (whereof the President or Chief of some English Factory, or the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, or Member of his Majesty's Councils in any of the Plantations or Colonies aforesaid, or Commander of one of his Majesty's Ships, is always to be One)

shall have full Power, and Authority, by virtue of this Act, to call and assemble any other Persons on shipboard, or upon the Land, to make up the Number of seven,

Provided, That no Persons but such as are known Merchants, Factors, or Planters, or such as are Persons qualified Captains, Lieutenants, or Warrant Officers in any of his Majesty's Ships of War, or Captains, Matters, to in and voce,

G z otftc'

Power of Court so called in case of Trial of Pirate, C

king's commission to be sir A read.'

President to take the following Oath.

And then to ad miniaer the same to the other Members.

How Prisoners (half be brought before them and tried.

Prisoners pleading Not guilty, Witnesses Dial] be examined viva voce.

How Sentence Atall be executed.

regiaer of the Court to be a Pirblick Notary.

C 7. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

or Mates of fomz.english Ship, shall be capable of being so called, and sitting and voting in the said Court.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons called and assembled as aforesaid, shall have full Power and Authority, according to the Course of the Admiralty, to blue Warrants for bringing any Persons accused of Piracy or Robbery, before them to be tried, heard, and adjudged; and to summon Witnesses, and to take Informations and Examinations of Witnesses upon their Oath; and to do all things necessary for the hearing and final Determination of any Case of Piracy, Robbery, and Felony; and to give Sentence and Judgement of Death, and to award Execution of the Offenders convicted and attainted as aforesaid, according to the Civil Law, and the Methods and Rules of the Admiralty; and that all and every Person and Persons so conviteted and attainted of Piracy or Robbery, shall have and suffer such Losses of Lands, Goods and Chattels, as if they had been attainted and conviceted of any Piracies, Felonies, and Robberies according to the aforementioned Statute made in the Reign of King Henry the.eighth.'

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so soon as any Court shall be assembled as aforesaid, either on shipboard or upon the Land, the King's Commission shall first be openly read, and the said Court then and there shall be solemnly and publickly called and proclaimed; and then the President of the Court shall, in the first Place, publicly in open Court take the following Oath, viz.

I A.B. do swear in the Presence of Almighty God, That I will truly and impartially try and adjudge the Prisoner or Prisoners which shall be brought upon his or their Trials before this Court, and ho neftly and duly, on my Part, put his Majesty's Commission for the trying of them in Execution, according to the bell of my Skill and Knowledge: And that I have no Interest, directly or indirectly, in any Ship or Goods, for the Piratieally taking of which any Person stands accused, and is now to be tried

So help me God.

VI. And he having taken the Oath in Manner aforesaid, shall immediately administer the same Oath to every Person who shall sit, and have and give a Voice in the said Court upon the Trial of such Prisoner or Prisoners as aforesaid; immediately thereupon the said Prisoner or Prisoners shall be formally brought before them; and then the Register of the said Court shall openly and distinfftly read the Articles' against such Prisoner or Prisoners, upon which they or any of them is or are to be tried; wherein shall be set forth the particular fat or eats of Piracy, Robbery, and Felony, with the Time and Place when and where, and in what Manner it was committed; and then each Prisoner shall be asked, Whether he be guilty of the said Piracy and Robbery, or Felony, or not guilty? Whereupon every such Prisoner shall immediately plead thereunto, Guilty, or Not guilty, or else it shall be taken as confessed, and he shall suffer such Pains of Death, Loss of Lands, Goods and Chattels, and in like Manner, as if he or they had been attainted or convitfted upon the Oath of Witnesses, or his own Confession; but if any Prisoner shall plead Not guilty, Witnesses shall be produced by the Register, and duly sworn and examined openly, viva voce, in the prisoner's Presence; and after a Witness hath answered all the Questions proposed by the President of the Court, and given his Evidence, it shall and may be lawful for the Prisoner to have the Witness cross examined, by first declaring to the Court what Questions he would have asked, and thereupon the President of the Court shall interrogate the Witness accordingly; and every Prisoner shall have Liberty to bring Witnesses for his Defence, who shall be sworn, and examined upon Oath, as the Witnesses were that testified against him; and afterwards the Prisoner shall be fairly heard what he can say for himself; all which being done, the Prisoner shall be taken away and kept in safe Custody, and all other Persons, except the Register, shall withdraw from the said Court, and then the Court shall con fider of the Evidence which hath been given, and debate the Matters and Circumstances of the prisoner's Case, and the President of the Court shall collet all the Votes of the Persons who do sit and have Voices in the said Court, beginning at the Junior first, and ending with himself; and according to the Plurality of Voices, Sentence and Judgement shall be then given and pronounced publicly in the Presence of the Prisoner or Prisoners, being called in again; and according to such Sentence and Judgement the Person or Persons attainted shall be executed and put to Death, at such Time, in such Manner, and in such Place upon the Sea, or within the ebbing or flowing thereof, as the President or the Major Part of the Court, by Warrant directed to a Provost Marshal (which the President or said Major Part shall have Power to constitute) shall appoint.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That forne Person, being a Public Notary, shall be Register of the Court; and in case of his Absence, Death, or Incapacity, or for want of a Person so qualified, the President of the Court shall and may appoint a Register, giving him an Oath (which he is hereby empowered to administer) duly, faithfully, and impartially to execute his Office; which Register shall prepare all Warrants and Articles, and take care to provide all Things requisite for any Trial, according to the substantial and essential Parts of Proceedings in a Court of Admiralty, in the most summary Way; and shall take Minutes of the whole Proceedings, and enter them duly in a Book by him to be kept for that Purpose; shall from Time to Time, as Opportunity offers, transmit the same, with the Copies of all Articles and Judgments given in any such Cases, in any Court whereof he shall be Register, unto the High Court of Admiralty of England.

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III C 7. 45

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of his Majesty's natural born King's Subjefh* Subjects, or Denizens, of this Kingdom, shall commit any Piracy or Robbery, or any Act of Hostility, c committing against others his Majesty's Subjects upon the Sea, under colour of any Commission from any foreign Prince the King's " or State, or Pretence of Authority from any Person whatsoever, such Offender and Offenders, and every subjects by

of them, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be Pirates, Felons, and Robbers; and they and every Commission of them being duly convicted thereof, according to this Act, or the aforesaid Statute of King Henry the from any foreign Eighth, shall have and suffer such Pains of Death, Lois of Lands, Goods, and Chattels, as Pirates, Fe Pqncc, flv.: b Ions, and Robbers upon the Seas ought to have and suffer _ and suffer'5'

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Commander or Master of any Ship, or any Seaman or Death. Mariner, shall in any Place where the Admiral hath Jurisdiction, betray his Trust, turn Pirate, ENEMY,

or Rebel, and piratically and feloniously run away with his or their Ship or Ships, or any Barge, ^"i "arn^o0r Boat, Ordnance, Ammunition, Goods, or Merchandizes, or yield them up voluntarily to any Pirate, 0, 3]" betray his or shall bring any seducing Messages from any Pirate, Enemy, or Rebel, or consult, combine, or confe trust, or turn derate with, or attempt or endeavour to corrupt any Commander, Master, Officer, or Mariner to yield Pirate, cup or run away with any Ship, Goods, or Merchandizes, or turn Pirate, or go over to Pirates, or if any Person shall lay violent Hands on his Commander, whereby to hinder him horn fighting in Defence or 'crr°" iapng of his Ship and Goods committed to his Trust, or that shall confine his Master, or make, or endeavour to commander make a Revolt in the Ship, shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be a Pirate, Felon, and Robber, C ftdl bead and being convicted thereof, according to the Directions of this Act, shall have and suffer Pains of judged a Pirate Death, Loss of Lands, Goods, and Chattels, as Pirates, Felons, and Robbers upon the Seas oughtand fuffsr Death, to have and suffer.

X. And whereas several evil disposed Persons, in the Plantations and elsewhere, have contributed very much towards the Increase and Encouragement of Pirates, by setting them forth, and by aiding,

abetting, receiving, and concealing them and their Goods, and there being same Defects in the Laws for bringing such evil disposed Persons to condign punishment be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who, after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Persons setting Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, shall either on the Land, or upon the Seas, knowingly or forth, or aiding, wittingly set forth any Pirate, or aid and assist, or maintain, procure, command, counsel or advise any r. amftlns ay. Person or Persons whatsoever, to do or commit any Piracies or Robberies upon the Seas, and such Person rlrate, c and Persons shall thereupon do or commit any such Piracy or Robbery, then all and every such Person or Persons whatsoever, so as aforesaid setting forth any Pirate, or aiding, assisting, maintaining, procuring, commanding, counselling or advising the same, either on the Land or upon the Sea, shall be and are hereby declared, and shall be deemed and adjudged to be accessary to such Piracy and Robbery done and a, ]] te adjudged committed; and further, That after any Piracy or Robbery is or shall be committed by any Pirate or Accessaries. Robber whatsoever, every Person and Persons, who knowing that such Pirate or Robber has done or committed such Piracy and Robbery, ill all, on the Land or upon the Sea, receive, entertain or conceal The Jikefor con any such Pirate or Robber, or receive or take into his Custody any Ship, Vessel, Goods or Chattels, cealing Pirate, which have been by any such Pirate or Robber piratically and feloniously taken, shall be and are hereby likewise declared, deemed and adjudged to be accessary to such Piracy and Robbery; and that after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, all such Accessaries to such Piracies and Robberies shall and Hcw Acceflimei may be inquired of, tried, heard, determined and adjudged after the common Course of the Laws of this nmi be tried. land, according to the said Statute made in the twenty-eighth Year of King Henry the eighth, as the Principals of such Piracies and Robberies may and ought to be, and no otherwise; being thereupon attainted, shall suffer such Pains of Death, Losses of Lands, Goods and Chattels, and in like Manner, as the Principals of such Piracies, Robberies and Felonies ought to fuller, according to the said Statute of King Henry the eighth, which is hereby declared to be and continue in full Force; anything in this present Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. And forasmuch as it will also conduce to the suppressing of Robberies on the Sea, if due Encou ragement be given, and Rewards allowed, to such Commanders, Mailers, and other Officers, Seamen,

and Mariners, as shall either bravely defend their own.ships, or take, seize and destroy Pirates, Sea

Rovers, and Enemies Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any English Ship Encouragement shall have been defended against any Pirates, Enemies, or Sea Rovers by Sight, and brought to her de so', ^mmander3 signed Port, in which Fight any of the Officers or Seamen shall have been killed or wounded, it shall and defendt0 may be lawful to and for the Judge of his Majesty's High Court of Admiralty, or his Surrogate in the ships against Port of London, or the Mayor, Bailiff, or Chief Officer in the several Out Ports of this Kingdom, upon Pirates, C the Petition of the Master or Seamen of such Ship, so defended as aforesaid, to call unto him four or -

more good and substantial Merchants, and such as are no Adventurers or Owners of the Ship or Goods so defended, and have no Manner of Interest therein, and by Advice with them to raise and levy upon the respective Adventurers and Owners of the Ship and Goods so defended, by Process out of the said Court, such Sum or Sums of Money as himself and the said Merchants, by Plurality of Voices, shall determine and judge reasonable, not exeeding two Pounds per Centum of the Freight, and of the Ship and Goods so defended, according to the first Colts of the Goods; which Sum or Sums of Money so raised, shall be distributed among the Captain, Master, Officers, and Seamen of the said Ship, or Widows and Children of the llain, according to the Direction of the Judge of the said Court, or his Surrogate in the Port of London, or the Mayor, Bailiff or Chief Officer in the several out ports of this Kingdom, with the Approbation of the Merchants aforesaid, who shallproportion the same, according to their belt Judgement, unto the Ships Company as aforesaid, having special Regard unto the Widows and Children of such as shall. have been llain. in that Service, and such, as have been wounded or maimed.

with Ship, &c.

and how to be paid.

Act to be in Force for seven Years,

46 C 8, 9. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

XII. And for the better and more effectual Prevention of Combinations and Confederacies, for the running away with or destroying of any Ship, Goods or Merchandizes; be it further enacted by the Autho

Reward to Dif rity aforesaid, That a Reward often Pounds for every Ship or Vessel of one hundred Tuns or under, and covcrer of any fifteen Pounds' for every Ship or Vessel of a greater Burden, shall be paid by the Captain, Commander, Combination for or Mailer of every Ship or vessel, wherein any such Combination or Confederacy shall be seton Foot, a"'ay for the running away with or destroying any such Ship, or the Goods and Merchandizes therein laden, to such Personas shall first make a Discovery thereof, upon due Proof of such Combination or Confederacy; the same to be paid at the Port where the Wages of the Seamen of the said Ship are or ought to be paid, after such Discovery and Proof made.

XIII. Provided also, That this Act shall be in Force for seven Years, and to the End of the next session of Parliament after the Expiration of the said seven Years, and no longer.

XIV. And for the more effectual Prosecution and Punish i.ent of Piracies, Felonies and Robberies

'made perpetual Upon the Sea, and of all other Offences aforementioned; be it declared and enacted by the Authority 30 and ev.forced aforesaid, That the Commissioners appointed or to be appointed by the aforementioned Statute of King by 8 Geo. i. C Henry the eighth, or the Commissioners for Trial of Pirates appointed by this Act, shall, from and at-24, 'ter the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, have the foie Power and

Commissioners, Authority of trying, hearing, and determining the said Crimes and Offences, within all or any of the co c. hall have ionics and Plantations in America, governed by Proprietors, or under Grants or Charters from the Crown, ^so'^'fi^cn f bringing the Offenders to condign Punishment; and shall and may issue forth their Warrant or

lri°an the Colo Warrants for the Seizing and apprehending of any Pirates, Felons, or Robbers upon the Sea, or their nies, C in A Confederates or Accesssaries, being within any of the said Colonies and Plantations, in order to their being rnerica. brought to Trial within the same, or any other Plantation in America, according to this Act, or sent into

Governors of the England to be tried there; and that all and every Governor and Governors, Person and Persons in Author'd Colonies, C rity in the said Colonies and Plantations governed by Proprietors, or under Charters as aforesaid, shall Rrmpre assist the Commissioners and their subordinate Officers in doing their Duty, and also in the Execution of

"nnfr!' r' such Warrants and otherwise, and shall deliver up to such Commissioner or Commissioners, Officer or Officers, any Pirates, Felons and Robbers upon the Sea, and their Confederates and accessaries, in order to their being tried or sent into England as aforesaid; any Letters Patents, Grants or Charters of Government, in and about the said Plantations, or other uaiges heretofore had or made to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. And be it hereby further declared and enacted, That if any of the Governors in the said Plantations, or any Person or "Persons in Authority there, shall refuse to yield Obedience to this Act, such re fufal is hereby declared to be a Forfeiture of all and every the Charters granted for the Government or Propriety of such Plantation.

howcommissi

XVI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever any commis ons for trying of fion for the Trial and Punishment of the Offences aforesaid, or any of them, shall be directed or sent to Offences within any pace within the Jurisdiction of the Cinque Ports, that then every such Commission shall be directed unto the Lord Warden of the Cinque Ports for the Time being, or to his Lieutenant, and unto such

Ports shall be directed, and Inquisition made.

iioners, C

and deliver up Pirates, C

Penalty on Governor, Scc. not yielding Obedience to this Act.

other Persons as the Lord High Chancellor, or Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal, hall name and appoint; and likewise that every Inquisition and Trial, to be had by virtue of such Commission so directed and lent to any Place in the said Cinque Ports, shall be made and had by the Inhabitants of the said Cinque Ports, or the Members of the same; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XVII. Anil for the Prevention of Seamen deserting of Merchants Ships Abroad in Parts beyond the Seas, which is the chief Occasion of their turning Pirates, and of great Detriment to Trade and navl gation in general be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Seamen, Officers or Sailors, Seamen deserting who shall desert the Ships or Vessels wherein they are hired to serve for that Voyage, shall for such Of mrrchant Ships fence forfeit all such Wages as shall be then due to him or them.

wa°es tl, er

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Mailer of a Merchant ages' Ship or Vessel shall, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand and seven hundred, du

Penalty on Mar; ng being Abroad, force any Man on Shore, or wilfully leave him behind in any of his maje lly's seaman'on°rc'ne Plantations, or elsewhere, or shall refuse to bring Home with him again all such of the Men which he Shore, or refu carried out with him, as are in a Condition to return, when he shall be ready to proceed in his homeward bound Voyage, every such Mailer shall, being thereof legally convicted, suffer three Months ini prisonment without Bail or Mainprize.

Cj Geo. i. C 8. 6 Geo. I, C 19. and see S Geo. 1. c. 24. for the more effectual supprcjjing of Piracy.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the appointing Commissioners, to take examine and determine the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War.

EXP.

ling to bring him Home.

Ann. C 34. j Geo. 1. c. 25.

Revived by 1 Anna', Stat. 2. C 20. for two Years, '

CAP. IX.

An Act for preventing of frivolous and vexatious Suits in

the Counties Palatine.

the Principality of Wales, and

12 & 2; Car. C 9. fj. Ijl).

WHEREAS by a Clause in an Act made in the twenty fecorid and twenty-third Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for laying Impositions on Proceedings at Lau>, it is

enacted

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III C i o. 47

enacted, That in all Actions of Trespass, Assault and Battery, and other personal Actions, th; Plain 1 ' tiff in such Actions, in case the Jury shall find the Damages to be under the Value of forty Shillings,

shall not recover or obtain more Costs of Suit than the Damages so sound shall amount unto; which Clause having Reference to an Act made in the forty third Year of Queen elirabeth, for avoiding 43 Eliz. C 6.

infinite Numbers of finall and trifling Suits commenced in the Courts at jfejlmhi/lcr, hath been underst od to relate only to the said Courts Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as well the said Clause, and all the Powers Clause in 22 & and Provisions thereby, or by any other Law now in Force, made for Prevention of frivolous and vexa car 2 C litmus Suits in Law commenced in the Courts at Westminster, shall from and after the first Day of may which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, be extended to, and be of the same to extend to the Force and Efficacy in all such Suits, to be commenced or prosecuted in the Court of Great Sessions for the Courts of Great Principality of Wales, the Court of Great Sessions for the County Palatine of Chester, the Court of Com waus chester moil Pleas for the County Palatine of Lancaster, and the Court of Pleas for the County Palatine of Durham, C er' as fully and as amply, as if the said Courts had been mentioned therein.

11. And whereas the holding of Persons inhabiting within the said Principality of Wales, and Coun ties Palatine, to special Bail in finall Actions, is oppressive and vexatious to the Subjefh' For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff or other Officer within the No Sheriff, C said Principality or Counties Palatine, upon any Writ or Process iituing out of any of his Majesty's in Wales, C Courts of Record at Westminster, shall hold any Person to special Bail, unless an Affidavit be first made in ^'all hod l>er* Writing, and filed in that Court, out of which such Writ or Process is to issue, signifying the Cause of at plcla Action, and that the same is twenty Pounds and upwards; and where the Cause of Action is twenty unless Cause of Pounds and upwards, Bail shall not be taken for more than the Sum expressed in such Affidavit. acucn be 201.

CAP. X

An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this

Kingdom.

WHEREAS it is most evident, that the Continuance of the Trade to the East Indies, in the same Manner and Proportions as it hath been for two Years last past, must inevitably be to the great Detriment of this Kingdom, by exhausting the Treasure thereof, and melting down the Coin, and ta king away the Labour of the People, whereby very many of the Manufacturers of this Nation are be' '

excessively burdensome and chargeable to their respective Parishes, and others are thereby compelled to leek for Employment in foreign Parts: 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after After Sept, the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and 011c, all wrought Silks, Bengalis, 1701. no and Stufts mixed with Silk or Herha, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or east India, and all Calicoes, wrought Silks, painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, which are or shall be imported into this Kingdom, shall not be o^ind'a worn, or otherwise used within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon or camcoes, C 'tweed, but under such Limitations as are herein after mentioned and expressed. shall be worn,

II. And for the better effecting the same, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, all such wrought Silks, Such Goods Bengalis, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or llerba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or east India, as imported after aforesaid, and all Calicoes, painted, dyed, printed, or stained there, which are or shall he imported into 29 Sept W1' this Kingdom, of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, after entry there after Entry of, be forthwith carried and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, as shall be. for that Purpose approv thereof shall ba CD of by the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, so as none of them shall be Put mto ware taken or carried out thence upon any Account whatsoever, other than in order for Exportation, and not hou'es> until sufficient Security be first given to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and successors (which the said commissioner are hereby required and empowered to take) that the same and every Part thereof shall be exported, and not landed again in any Part of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town and shall be CX of Berwick upon Tweed, which said Securities shall be discharged without any Fee or Reward, upon Cer ported again, and tificate returned under the common.seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, not landed in or under the Hands and Seals of two known English Merchants upon the Place, that such Goods were ?thefesecurities there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons that such Goods were taken by Enemies, or perished when to be vohj, in the Seas, the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners; s Anns, C 13.' and all such of the aforesaid Goods, whether the same shall be mixed, sewed, or made up together for §4 '

Sale, with any other Goods or Materials, or otherwise, which shall be found in any House, Shop, or Warehouse, or other Place whatsoever (other than in such Warehouses as shall be approved of by the said comrmffione.s, as aforesaid) shall be forfeited, and subject and liable to be searched for, and seized, Penalty, in like Manner as prohibited and uncustomed Goods are, by an ACI (Entitled, An Act for preventing 14'car.2. C 11. Frauds, and regulating Jbufcs in his Majestf s Customs) made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King Charles the Second; and all such Goods, so forfeited as aforesaid, shall, upon Goods forfeited Seizure thereof, be carried to the next Customhouse, and after Condemnation shall be sold to the.best to be sold, a. C Advantage for Exportation, at public Sale by Candle; the Buyer and Buyers giving Security for the Exportation thereof in Manner as aforesaid; one third Part of the Moneys to be raised by such Sale shall

be

4-8

C 10. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

be paid to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts thereof to him, her, or them that shall seize or prosecute for the same; and over and above the Loss of the said Goods the person or Persons in whose Custody, knowing thereof, the same shall be found or seized, or that shall sell or dispose thereof to any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds, one third Part thereof to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts thereof to such Person or Persons that shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance.

III. And for preventing all clandestine importing or bringing into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Benviek upon Tweed, any of the aforesaid Goods hereby prohibited, or intended to

be prohibited, from being worn or used in England, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, shall import or bring into any Port of or in this Kingdom of Eng penalty on im land. Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, other than the Port of London, any of the Goods oer aforediicl prohibited Goods, or into the Port of London, and shall not make due Entries of such Goods

wise than^into" ° imported, or brought in, the same shall be, and is hereby adjudged, deemed, accounted, and taken the portoflan to be clandestine running thereof, and such Person or Persons, or Bodies Corporate, so offending therein, don, and there and their Abettors, shall not only forfeit and lose the said Goods so clandestinely run, as aforesaid, but making Entry alfg the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and divided in such Manner as aforesaid. thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Question or Doubt shall arise where the said Goods were

Proof where manufactured, the Proof shall lie upon the Owner or Owners thereof, and not upon the Prosecutor; any nufactured'to^ie Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding,

onthcowner. V And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for any Seizure, or other Thing to be made or done in Pursuance, or in Execution of anything before in this Act contained, such Person or Persons, so 1'ued in any Court whatsoever, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence, for their Excuse or Justification; if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, or Prosecutor or Prosecutors, shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or suffer discontinu^nce, or if a Verdict pass against him, her, or them, in any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information, as afore treble Costs. Laid, the Defendant or Defendants shall have Treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy, as in any Case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendant.

VI. And for preventing clandestinely carrying out of the said Warehouses any of the said Goods hereby prohibited, and by this Act intended for Exportation, as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Autho warehouse rity aforesaid, That the warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers shall keep one or more Book or Books, fc^ersenteb wherein he or they shall fairly enter or write down an exabt, particular, and true Account of all and every In o^carriedout1 Chest, Bale, and Number of Pieces therein contained, of such of the aforesaid Goods only, which shall of their Ware be brought into, and carried out of, his or their said Warehouse or warehouses, and the Days and Times homes, C when the same shall be so brought in and carried out; and shall every six Months in the Year transmit in Writing an exabt Account thereof, upon Oath, to the said Commissioners, together with an exabt Account how much shall be remaining in his or their said Warehouse or Warehouses respectively; and give Ac and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered and enjoined, within one Month after the same shall count every six be transmitted to them, as aforesaid, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to inspect the said missioners°of°m" Book or Books, Warehouse or Warehouses, and examine the said Accounts, and to lay a true Accustoms, C count of the same before the Parliament, within the first Week of every Sessions thereof; and if upon Examination it shall appear, that any of the aforesaid Goods were carried out, unless for Exportation, Penalty. or before sufficient Security given for their Exportation, as aforesaid, that then the warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers, so offending therein, shall not only forfeit and lose the Value of the said Goods so carried out, as aforesaid, and be for ever disabled from any public Employment for the future, but shall also forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered and divided in Manner as aforesaid.

Not to extend to

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Silks, ^tith' Bengals, Stuffs, mixed with Silk or Herba, or painted, dyed, printed, or stained Calicoes manufactured this Proviso ap n perf ai China, or East India, which shall have been made up and ufea in any Sort of Apparel or furni pliedby to Geo. ture, before the said twenty-ninth of September one thousand seven hundred and one. ic. 11. tofur VIII Provided, always, and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for niture made up the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Goods so lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, as afore before Dec. said, to affix one Lock to every such Warehouse or Warehouses, the Key of which shall remain in Proprietors of t^lc Custody of the said Proprietor or Proprietors; and that he or they may view, sort, or deliver such Goods may the said Goods, in Order for Exportation, as aforesaid, in the Presence of the said warehouse keeper affix ore Lock or warehouse keepers, who is and are hereby obliged, at seasonable Times, to give Attendance for to\varchouic, £ 'c. that Purpose,

Goods imported

IX. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, or ^dex^orfed'a oc^efi Corporate, who shall on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven tfun gain yca^ s after red isle: import into this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, ox Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any of the

Dutiesoij Ex'Commodities aforesaid, and shall, within the Space of three Years from such Importation, export the portation to be same again, shall be allowed and paid the several Duties payable upon the Exportation thereof, as fully allowed. as if the same had been exported within twelve Months after the Importation thereof,

3

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo 6c duodecimo Guglielmi III C 11 — 13. 4.9

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-ninth After 29 Sept. Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, there shall be no Customs or Duties whatsoever paid or secured to be paid for any of the said Goods or Com gods imported, modifies, which shall be imported at any Time from and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September except the Half' one thousand seven hundred and one, other than and except the Half Subsidy, which is to remain by Law Subsidy. after the Goods are exported; but that all other Customs and Duties, now chargeable upon or payable for the' said Goods, shall from that Time cease and determine.

CAP. XI.

An Act to repeal an act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone Lace,

Loom Lace, needlework, Point and cut work, three Months after the Prohibition of the Woollen Manufactures in Flanders shall be taken off.

WHEREAS great Complaints are daily made of the Decay of the Woollen Manufactures in this Kingdom, to the Ivnpoverishment cf many thousands of poor Families: And whereas by Expe rience it is found, that an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of his now majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual, for preventing the Importation of Foreign Bone Lace, Loom9 & 1° w

Lace, needlework, Point and cut work, has been one great Cause thereof, by being the Occasion that c. 9' -

our Woollen Manufactures are prohibited to be imported into Flanders: 'For Remedy therefore of the

Mischief aforesaid, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent

of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at the End of three Months, to commence from the Time of taking off

the Prohibition of the Englifa Woollen Manufactures in Flanders, the said Act, and every Clause, Matter,

and Thing therein contained, shall be and become hereby repealed, determined, and of no Force. Repealed.

CAP. XII.

An Act to punish Governors of Plantations in this Kingdom, for Crimes by them committed

in the Plantations.

WHEREAS a due Punishment is not provided for several Crimes and Offences committed out 25 Car. 2. C 7. of this his Majesty's Realm of England, whereof diverse Governors, Lieutenant Governors, De ' puty Governors, or Commanders in Chief of Plantations and Colonies within his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, have taken Advantage, and have not been deterred from oppressing his Majesty's Sub ' jests within their respective Governments and Commands, nor from committing several other great Crimes and Offences not deeming themselves punishable for the same here, nor accountable for such their Crimes and Offences to any Person within their respective Governments and Commands: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and cori sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Deputy Governor, or Commander in Chief of any Plantation or Colony within his Majesty's Dominions beyond the Seas, shall after the first Days August one thousand seven hundred, be guilty of oppressing any of his Majesty's Subjects beyond oppression of the Seas, within their respective Governments or Commands, or shall be guilty of any other Crime or Governurs, C Offence, contrary to the Laws of this Realm, or in force within their respective Governments or Com of any Colony, mands, such Oppressions, Crimes, and Offences, shall be inquired of, heard and determined in his Mac be"on'! Southeast jesty's Court of King's Bench here in England, or before such Commissioners, and in such County of this may be tried ia Realm, as shall be assigned by his Majesty's Commission, and by good and lawful Men of the same Coun England, tv, and that such Punishments shall be inflicted on such Offenders, as are usually inflicted for Offences of like Nature committed here in England.

CI

CAP. XIII.

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, and for explaining the Act, intituled,

An act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into Foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

WHEREAS diverse temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found useful and benefi 'cial, are expiring; Therefore for continuing the same, be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth.years of the Reign of King Charles the second, intituled An aafor providing Carriages by Land and by [Cater, for the Life of his mayfly's Navy and Ordnance, -15*H which was thereby to have Continuance, and be in Force, until the End of the first Session of the next d; ng°ca°riagesr Parliament, and no longer; which said Act, being expired, was, by one Act made in the first year of.&c. ijac. 2. c. the Reign of the late King James the second, revived, and was' enacted to have Continuance during the n. EXP. Voe, IV H Space

5© C 13. Anno undecimo Sc duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

4 & s w. & M.

C 24.

continued for 7 Years,

22 & 23 Car, 2. C 26. to prevent plantingtobacco in England.

3 Jac. 2. C 17,

4 & 5 V & C 24. continued for 7 Years. 'perpetual 5 Geo. j. C ir.

t9 Car. 2. C 12, for aligning Orders in the x chequet, &c.

2 Jac. 2. C 17.. 4 & 5 V & C 24.

continued for 7 Years.

EXP.

22 & 23 Car. 2. C 23. to prevent Disturbance of Seamen, o j jac. 2. C 17. 4 & 5 W, Sc M, C 24.

continued for 7 Years.

EXP.

22 & 23 Car. 2. C 19. to prevent Frauds in buying and selling of Cattle.

1 Jar. =. C 17.

EXP.

4 & 5 W. & M. 3. C 24.

continued for 7 Years,

continued for 7 Years,

23 & 14 Car. 2. C 12 for better Relief of the Poor.

1 Jac. 2. C 17.

WM. C 11,

Space of seven Years, from the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next ensuing; which said Add was, by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, continued during the Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next ensuing, shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force for and during the Space of seven Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made at the Session of Parliament held in the two and twentieth and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of the said King Charles the second, intituled, An Act to prevent the planting of Tobacco in England, and for regulating the Plantation Trade, which, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the second, was enacted to have Continuance from the first Day of the then present Session of Parliament for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, which by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen was continued for the Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force for and during the Space of seven Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for assigning Orders in the Exchequer, without Revocation, which Act, in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the second, was enacted to be in Force from the first Day of the then present Session of Parliament, and to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which said Act was, by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen, continued for the Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, shall be and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force for and during the Space of seven Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

IV. And whereas by an Act made at the Session of Parliament held in the said two and twentieth

and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of the said King Charles the second [entitled. An Act to

1 revive an Act intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbance of Seamen and others, and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal] with some Alterations and Additions, was, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the second, enacted to be in Force from the £ first Day of the then present Session of Parliament, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament; which said last mentioned Act was, by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queer., continued for the Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand fix' hundred ninety-two, and from thence to £ the End of the next Session of parliament be it enacted, That the same be continued and be in Force for and during the Space of seven Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

C V And whereas an Act was made at the said Session of Parliament, held in the two and twentieth

£ and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of the said King Chases the second, intituled, An Act to

C prevent Frauds in the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and elsewhere, which was thereby to conti nue in Force from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred seventy one, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act, being expired, was af terwards, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the second, enacted to be in force from the twenty fourth day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, for seven Years,

and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; nevertheless it was thereby provided,

that neither the said Act, nor anything therein contained, should extend to Salesmen or Factors employed by Farmers or Feeders, which said Act, together with the said Proviso, was, by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen, continued for the

Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence unto the End of the next Session of parliament be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, together with the said Proviso, shall continue and be in Force for and during the Space of seven Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of Steptember one thousand seven hundred, and front thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

VI. And whereas an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was enacted to have Continu ance (except what related to the Corporations, therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) until the nine and twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred and sixty five, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament; which said Act, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign £ of the late King James the second (except as to what related to the Corporations therein mentioned,

£ and thereby constituted) was enacted to be in Force from the first Day of May one thousand six httn

dred eighty-five, and so to continue for the Space of leven Years, and from thence to the End of the £ next Session of Parliament: And whereas by an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of £ his present Majesty and the late Queen, the said last mentioned Act (as to what therein related to the £ Settlement of the Poor) yras enacted to be in Force from the first Day of March one thousand six hundred

A.D. 1700. Anno imdecimo Sc duodecimo Guglielmi III C 14, 15. 51

died ninety one; but no Provision was thereby made for continuing of diverse other Parts of the said Act; which said Act, for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, as to all Parts thereof, not

mentioned and continued in and by the said Act, made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen (other than and except what relates to the Corporations men Exception. tioned in the said Act: for the bette Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, and thereby constituted) was,

by an Add made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen, & 5 W, & U, continued for the Space of seven Years, from the thirtieth Day of February one thousand six hundred C s4

ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the next Session of parliament be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Add for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, as to all Parts thereof which were continued by the said Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of his pre continued for sent Majesty and the late Queen, shall be continued and be in foree for and during the Space of seven 7 Years.

Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the Made perpetual End of the next Session of Parliament. 1'

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years ofc'1'his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to refrain the Number and Practice of Brokers and Stock Job to retrain the hers, which was enacted to continue from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, Number of for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, shall be Brokers and continued and be in Force for and during the Space of seven Years, from the nine and twentieth Day of Stockjobbers, September one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament. continued for; VIII '

intituled Coals and

4 to foreign Parts was so great, that it was almost a Prohibition, to the great Diminution of his Majesty'

Customs, the lessening of the English Navigation and the Exportation of Coals beyond the Seas: For'

Remedy whereof it was thereby enacted, That all Coals exported beyond the Seas in foreign Bottoms should, during the Continuance of the said Act, only pay ten Shillings the Chaldron, and in English Bottoms only three Shillings the Chaldron; which Part of the said Act will determine on or about tyre Duty on Coals«4 twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, if timely Care be ported, conainued not taken for continuing of the same, which hath been found very beneficial and useful to the Public, for 7 Years.

and fully to have answered the good End and Intent of the said Act of parliamentbe it therefore ^dutvoncoa°s enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Cords exported beyond the Seas in foreign Bottoms shall, ported in h*and after the said nine and twentieth Day of Septesnber in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven reign Bottoms, hundred, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of sod further con parliament, only pay ten Shillings the Chaldron, and in English Bottoms only three Shillings the Chaljnued b v

dron; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding. Anna, C

IX. And whereas by an Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled An 4 Act to prevent the Exportation of wooll out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts, and for the Encouragement of the Woolle\ Manufactures in the Kingdom of England, it is enacted and declared,

That no Wool, Woollfells, Shortlings, Mortlings, wool flocks, worstedbays, or Woollen Yarn, Clause in: os:

C Cloth, Serge, Bays, Kerseys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or any other Dra 11 w 3- C so. ' pery, Stuffs, or Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, made up or mixed with Wool or wool flocks, xou^ooi shall be exported, transported, hipped off, carried, or conveyed out of or from the said Kingdom of fells, e. export Ireland into any foreign Realm, States, or Dominions, or into any Parts or Place whatsoever, other ed from Ireland, ' than the Parts within the Kingdom of England, or the Dominion of ivalcs, under several Penalties and C

Forfeitures in the said Act mentioned: And whereas several Disputes have arisen concerning the true Intent and Meaning thereof be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nei not to extend to there the said Act, nor anything therein contained, shall be construed" to extend to subject any Person or wool fclh, C Persons, or any Ship or Vessel, to any of the Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures in the said Act contained, for Gunners for or touching such wool fells, Shortlings, or Mortlings, as shall be necessary for the use of the Stores, C orfor Gunner or boatswain's Stores for the Ship or Veiled only, and as for so much Cloth, Serge, Bays, ker feys, Says, Frizes, Druggets, Cloth Serges, Shalloons, or other Draperies, Stuffs, or other Manufac ner's°ciothcsa C 4 tures, as shall be for the proper Use for Clothes only of any Mariner or Passenger, for his or her wear not exceeding', ^. ing Apparel or Furniture on Board such Ship in the Voyage, and shall not exceed in the whole, for any 'this Act made one Mariner or Passenger, the Value of forty Shillings: anything in the said Act to the contrary not t5rpelual by % withstanding.

is repealed by 5 Geo. 2. c. 21, §.6.*

CAP. XIV.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred, although the month's Pay fore XP.

merly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the ascertaining the Measures for retailing Ale and Beer.

WHEREAS by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm all innkeepers, alehouse keepers, and Victuallers, ought to utter and sell their Ale and Beer by the Ale Quart, according to the Standard thereof, remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlains of his Majesty's Exchequer; the neglecting the qbfer.vance whereof, and selling and retailing their Ale and Beer in uncertain Measures,

H 2 '.*much

5 2

All Retailers of Ale and Beer to sell the same by Standard mea sure,

io Vessels of Wood, Earth, C marked according to the Standard.

Penalty on Retailer selling Ale or Beer in vessels not marked.

collectors of the Excise to provide Ale Quarts, and Ale Pints of Brass Standard mea sure, for the Mayor, cof each City, C in their divi vision, where no such is already. See,

Penalty on Collector making default. Collector to charge the said Measures in his Accounts, and be allowed the same.'

Mayor, fc. to cause all mea furcs sized with such Standard, to be marked.

and provide Stamps.

One Farthing a Measure to be

C 15. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

1 much less than the said Standard, is found to be of evil Consequence in hindering the Consumption of

maltedcorn, and lessening his Majesty's Revenues of Excise, and a great Wrong and Prejudice to wayfaring Men, Travellers, Manufacturers, Labourers and others, and also to such poor People whose

force them to buy Ale and Beer from them For remedying whereof may it please your most, gracious Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament a fib ruffled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred, all innkeepers, alehouse keepers, Sutlers, Victuallers, and other Retailers of Ale or_beer, and every Person and Persons keeping any public house, and retailing and selling Ale or Beer in any City, Town Corporate, Borough, Market Town, Village, Hamlet, Parish, Part, or Place whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall retail; utter, and sell their Ale and Beer, III and from their respective Houses, by a full Ale Quart or Ale Pint, according to the said Standard, or in Proportion thereunto, in a Vessel made of Wood, Earth, Glass, Horn, Leather, Pewter, or of some other good and wholesome Metal, made, feed, and equalled unto the said Standard, and ligned, stamped, or marked to be of the Content of the said Ale Quart or Ale Pint, according to the said Standard, either from the said Exchequer, or from the City of London, or from some City, Town Corporate, Borough, or Market Town, where a Standard Ale Quart or Ale Pint, made from the said Standard, shall be kept for that Purpose, and shall not retail and utter any Ale or Beer to any Person or Persons in any other Vessel not signed and marked as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit a Sum not exceeding forty Shillings, nor less than ten Shillings, for every such Offence, 'to be recovered as herein after is provided.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any innkeeper, alehouse keeper, Victualler, Sutler, or other Retailer aforesaid, shall from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, retail, utter, or sell any Ale or Beer in any Vessel not signed, stamped or marked as aforesaid, to any Traveller, or other Person or Persons, or if in giving any Account or Reckoning in Writing or otherwise, such innkeeper, alehouse keeper, or other Retailer as aforesaid, shall refuse or deny to give in the particular Number of Quarts or Pints of Ale or Beer, for which Demand is made in such Account, it shall not be lawful for any such innkeeper, alehouse keeper, or other Retailer as aforesaid, for Default of Payment of such Reckoning, to detain any Goods, or other thing or things belonging to the Person or Persons from whom such Reckoning shall be due, but shall be left to his Action at Law for the same; any Custom or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding"

"And for the better Execution of this Act, and to the Intent that Vessels containing the said Ale Quart and Ale Pint respectively, may be from time to time sized and equalled according to the said Standard, and signed, stamped and marked as aforesaid, by the Mayor or other chief otseer of each City, Town Corporate, Borough, and Market Town in England, Wales, and town of Berwick upon Tweed, for all innkeepers, alehouse keepers, Victuallers, and other Retailers as aforesaid, procuring and desiring the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sub of or Collectors of his Majesty's Revenues of Excise, within their respective Circuits or Divisions, shall forthwith provide and procure a substantial Ale Quart and Ale Pint, according to the Standard of the Measures aforesaid remaining in the said Exchequer, of Brass, to be made, sealed and certified from the said Chamberlains of the said Exchequer, without any See pr Reward, for the Mayor or chief Officer in each City, Town Corporate, Borough, and Market Town within his said Division, in which there is not already a Brass Standard Ale Quart and Ale Pint, made and certified either from the said Exchequer, or from the Lord Mayor of the City of London, in the Custody or Power of such Mayor or chief Officer, and shall, on or before the said four and twentieth Day of June, cause the same to be delivered unto the Mayor or other chief Officer in every City, Town Corporate, Borough, and Market Town within his said Division (which chief Officer is hereby required' to give a Receipt for the same; and the said Standard Measures shall be delivered to every succeeding Officer) in which there is not already such Brass Standard Ale Quart and Ale Pint as aforesaid, to be by them respectively safely kept for the purposes aforesaid; Pain that each Sub commissioner or Collector, for every Default herein, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful toand for the said Sub of or Collectors of Excise respectively, to deduct and detain their respective reasonable Charges and Expenses in the procuring, providing and delivering of such Brass Ale Quarts and Ale Pints to each Mayor or other chief Officer within his said Division as" aforesaid, and to insert the same in his next Account to be made or given, to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenues of Excise, who are hereby authorised and directed to allow of the same accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Mayor or chief Officer of each City, Town Corporate, Borough or Market Town for the time being, from and after the said four and and twentieth Day of June, shall from time to time, on Request to him or them respectively made, cause or procure all such Ale Quarts and Ale Pints made of Wood, Earth; Glass, Horn, Leather, Pewter, or other good and wholesome Metal, as shall be brought to him or them respectively, to be measured, compared, sized and equalled with such Standard Ale Quart and Ale Pint in their Custodies; and shall then cause the same, and every of them, to be plainly and apparently signed, stamped, and marked with W. R. and a Crown, testifying that such Ale Quarts and Ale Pints respectively have been so measured, compared, sized, and equalled with such their Standard as aforesaid; which Stamps or Marks the said Mayor or

paid for damping, Penalty on Mayor, Scc, ' The Uhiverfrty Privileges are provided for by iz & 13 W. 3. C jj. 19.*

chief

53

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III C 16.

chief Officer are hereby respectively required to provide, and for which their stamping or marking the y shall not demand or receive above one Farthing for each Measure; and in case any such Mayor, or other chief Officer, as aforesaid, shall neglect or refuse to perform and execute his Duty herein, according to the tme Intent and Meaning of this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered as aforesaid, and shall also render to the Party thereby grieved his treble Damages, together with Coils of Suit, to be sued for and recovered in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record, in which Suit there shall be no Protection,

Wager of Law, or other Delay, other than one Imparlance.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act How Forfeitures imposed or inflicted shall be divided, one half Part thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where, such shall be divided. Forfeiture shall be made or committed, and the other Part to him or them that shall prosecute or sue for the same, to be recovered by the Oath of one or more credible Witness', made before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place, where such Offence shall be committed, who are hereby required and empowered to administer an Oath to that Purpose, such Person being prosecuted for such Offence within thirty Days next after such Offence committed; and the said Justice or Justices are hereby respectively authorised to hear and determine the same, and to cause the Penalty to be levied (by Warrant under his or their Hands and Seals) upon the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any shall be, deducting the reout the reasonable Charges.

VII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act Aa not to contained shall extend or be construed to extend to subject any Person or Persons to the Penalties in this^'^'p^'810 Act contained, or any of them, so as all such Beer or Ale as shall be retailed, uttered, or sold by such Drink foitout Person or Persons, to be spent out of the House of such Person or Persons, be measured out by the of their Homes, Standard, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this al, although such Drink be carried away in soit be measured any other Vessel, or of any aether Quantity or Quality than the Ale Quart before mentioned. by the Standard.

VIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or to belaid Suit shall be brought and prosecuted by any Person or Persons against any Justice of the Peace, of other here Person or Persons employed by them, or any of them, in the Execution of this Act, for; ny Matter, w a S Cause, or Thing by them, or either of them, done, committed, or executed, by Virtue or Reason of this Actor any Clause or Article therein contained, that then, and in every such Case, the Action shall be laid in the proper County where the Fact was done and committed, and not elsewhere; the Defendant and Defendants may plead the General Issue, and give this a.61 and the specialmatter in Evidence General Issue, at the Trial, that the same was done in Pursuance and by Authority of this Act; and if upon such Action or Actions Verdict be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff become nonsuit, or discon tinue his Action, then the Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs, which he or they shall Treble Costs, sustain, or be put unto, by reason of his or their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace within the Justices at the several Counties and Cities of this Kingdom are hereby required, at their respective General quarter scjllorlstoelve Sessions, to give the Matters contained in this Act in Charge to the Grand Juries of the respective Coun *0 "* ties anti Cities within this Kingdom. 6 '

X Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend at not to ex

or be construed to extend to any Colleges or Halls in either of the Universities of this Kingdom; any tend to Colleges, Thing in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding, '

CAP. XVI.

An act for the better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax.

J HEREA.S an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of his Majesty and the late Queen, in 27 H. 8.£20.

tituled. An Act for the better ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax, was made to continue but 3w. & M. C 3, ' for seven Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament after such Term ended, and is now expired: And whereas the said Act hath by Experience been found very useful and necessary be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, all and every Person or Persons, who shall sow or cause to be sown any Hemp or Flak rn any Pari sit or Place in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivdles, and Town of Ground town Berwick upon Tweed, shall pay or cause to be paid to every Parson, Vicar, or impropriator of any such with Flax or Parish or Place, yearly and every Year, the Sunt of five Shillings, and no more, for each Acre of Hemp Hemp, to pay and Flax so fov/n, before the same be carried off the Ground, and so proportionably for more or less 5s>peracic> Ground so sown; for the Recovery of which Sum or Suilts of Money, the Parson, Vicar, or Impropriator, shall have the common and usual Remedy allowed of by the Laws of the Land.

II. Provided, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend to charge any Lands Lands discharged discharged by any Modus Dechnandi, ancient Composition, or otherwise discharged of Tithes by Law. by Modus Deci

III. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to make not to 1)3

any Alteration in the Right or Manner of Payment of Tithes of Flax and Hemp to any Ecclesiastical Per ater

son, Incumbent of any Parsonage, Vicarage, or Curacy, or to any Impropriator or Body Corporate, ha Payment of

Tithes for

Crcundfown withhtmp or Flax between i Feb. 16s4. and 2 Feb, 1631.

ving

A tn continue seven Years.

EXP.

7 W. 3. C 27. 2.5 Ca. 2. C 2. 1 W. & M. ff.z. C 8.

IXP.

C Continued for 3 Years longer by i Anna?, flat. 2 C 13.p*Enforced by <; Anns, C 32. $ 5*'

Continued by 10 C 14. rzvbich is ( njads perpetual 6 Geo. X C 19/

Justices of Peace on Preferment of she Grand Jiyry, cof the Insufficiency, cof any Gaol, C may agree on a am for building pr repairing a public Gaol, and may charge the Sums to be levied on the federal Hundreds, cof the County.

If Persons refuse to pay the af feftment,

collector may levy the same by Piftrefe,

justices to appoint a Receiver, vho ihal) give Security.

Penalty on Receiver, Collector, ipfufiag to fuccppat

C 17 — ia. Anno undecimo & duodecimogulielmi III A.D. 1700.

ving or holding any Impropriation, for such Ground as hath at any Time fmee the second Day of v bruary one thousand six hundred eighty-four, and before the second Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety onc, been sown with Flax or Hemp, and paid Tithe in Kind to such Incumbent, Impropriator, or Body Corporate respectively, but that the same shall continue and be payable and paid, as fully and in such Manner as formerly; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided, That this Law shall continue in Force for seven Years, to be accounted from the sail five and twentieth Day of March, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by i Geo. 1. Hat. 2. cap. 26. feel. 2.]

CAP. XVII.

An Act to prevent Disputes that may arise by Officers and Members of Corporations, having neglected to sign the Association, and taking the Oaths in due Time. Members of Corporations, who subscribed the Association, though not according to the Act 7 W. 3. hall be indemnified, C Officers, c7. who have or hall take the Oaths, 07. before 1 August 1700. indemnified against all Incapacities, 07. officer, 07. removed for such Neglect, not to be restored, if another be elected.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither by Law they ought to be sent. Vagabond, 07. brought to Constable with a Pass, Or. shall be taken before a Justice, and examined, and be either punished, or conveyed away, 07. Justice to give Constable a Certificate thereof. And tax on the Back of Certificate an Allowance for his Trouble, 07. to be paid out of the Gaol Money, Or. Inhabitants not to be charged for conveying Vagabonds, 07. Act to continue three Years. Divisions, 07. in Counties to be deemed Counties as to this Act, 07. Justices to act in such Divisions as in Counties. A Clause in9 & 10 IV 3. C 47. (a private Act) for creating Workhouses, 07. in king/lon upon Hull repealed.

CAP. XIX.

An act to enable Justices of Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties.

'\JLT WHEREAS for want of due Repair, several Gaols and Prisons within this Realm are become C W prejudicial to the Health of Prisoners, and insufficient for the fife Custody of them Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice an Content of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Number of them, within the Limits of their Commissions, upon Presentment of the Grand Jury or Grand Juries, at the af size. Great Sessions, and general Gaol Delivery held for the said County, of the Insufficiency orlnconveni ency of their Gaol or Prison, to conclude and agree upon such Sum or Sums of Money, as upon Examination of able and sufficient Workmen hall be thought necessary for the building, finishing, or repairing a publick Gaol or Gaols belonging to the Shire or County whereof they are justices of the Peace; and by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the greater Number of them, by equal Proportion to distribute and charge the Sum or Sums of Money to be levied for the Uses aforesaid, " upon the several Hundreds, Lathes, Wapentakes, Rapes, Wards, or other Divisions of the said County; and the Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and empowered at the General Quarter sessions held for the respective Division of the said County, to direct their Warrants or Precepts to High Constables, Petty Constables, Bailiffs, or other Officer or Officers, as they in their Discretion hall think most convenient, for levying and collecting the same.'

II. And be it further enacted and declared, That if any Person or Persons hall refuse or neglect to pay his or their assessment, by the Space of four Days after Demand thereof by the proper Officer appointed to collect the same, or hall convey away his or their Goods or Estate, whereby the Sum or Sums of Money so assessed cannot he levied, then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Collectors, by Warrants frojft any one of the justices of the Peace present at the said General Quarter sessions, as aforesaid, to levy the Sum so assessed by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of such Persons so refusing or neglecting to pay, and the Goods and Chattels then and there found, and the Distress so taken, to keep by the Space of four Days at the Costs and Charges of the Owner thereo'f; and if the said Owner do not pay the Sum or Sums of Money so rated or assessed, within the Space of the said four Days, then the said Distress to be appraised by two or more of the Inhabitants, where the same shall be taken, or other sufficient Persons, and to' be sold by the Collector for Payment of the said Money, and the Overplus of such Sale (if any be) over and above the Sum so assessed, and Charges of taking and keeping of the Distress, to be immediately returned to the Owner thereof; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and empowered, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the greater Number of them, to constitute and appoint one or more sufficient Person or Persons to be Receiver of the Money so affeited; the said Receiver first giving Security to be accountable, when thereunto required, for all Sums of Money' received or disbursed by him in pursuance of such Order as he hall have received, under the Hands and Seals of the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Number of them; and if the said Receiver or Receivers, High Constable, Petty Constable, or other Officers, hall, by the Space of four Days after Demand, refuse to account for all Sums of Money received by them, in pursuance of this Act, then it shall and may be lawful for the Justices of the Peace, or the greater

Number

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III C 20. 55

Number of them, to commit him or them to Prison, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, until he or they shall have made a true Account, satisfied, or paid such Sum or Sums of Money, as shall appear to remain in his or their Hands; and the Receipt of such Receiver shall be a sufficient Discharge to all High receiver's Re constables, Petty Constables, or other Officer or Officers paying their Proportion of such Assessments; ceipt a Pifcharss and the Discharge under the Hands and Seals of the Justices of the Peace, or the greater Number of them, to Collectors, at the Assize, Great Sessions, and General Gaol Delivery, to such their Receivers, shall be deemed and allowed as a good and sufficient Release, Acquittance, or Discharge in any Court of Law or Equity, to all Intents and Purposes whatever; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and im powered to covenant, contrast, and agree with any Person or Persons, for the well and sufficient building, finishing, or repairing of the said Gaol or Gaols.

jill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Murderers and Felons shall be im ^i'onsto^beke t prisoned in the said Common Gaol, and not elsewhere, and that the Sheriff shall have the keeping of the; northeast common laid Gaols.'Gaols.

IV. Provided always, That this Act be notin any wise hurtful or prejudicial to any Person or Persons, Ad not to pre

having any Common Gaol by Inheritance for Term of Life, or for Years, but that they shall have and judice Gaols hell enjoy the said Gaols, and the Profits, Sees, and Commodities of the same, as they had or might lawfully by Inheritance, have had before making this Act, and as if this Act never had been made. CV

Provided, That this Act shall not extend to charge any Person inhabiting in any Liberty, City, lnha^1.than: s 1!j.c

Town, or Borough Corporate, which have Common Gaols for Felons taken in the same, and Commis" haveacom* fions of Assize, or gaol delivery of such Felons, for any Assessment to the making the Common Gaol mon Gaol, not, or Gaols of the respective Shire or County. chargeable,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Plaint, Suit, or Information shall be commenced of prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for what he or they shall do in Pursuance or in Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons lb sued in any Court whatever, shall and

may plead the General Issue, Not guilty, and upon any Issue joined may give this Act and the special Central Issue. Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendants shall recover their Treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy, as in any case when Colts by the Law are Treble Costr. given to Defendants.

VII. And be it further enacted, That where any Prisons or Gaols belonging to any County of this If Gaols be Htu reahn, or the Dominion of Wales, are situate upon any lands or Hereditaments of or belonging to the ateon the Crown King's Majesty in Right of the Crown, that the said Lands and Hereditaments, with their and every °fj^n^s'^h their Appurtenances, shall not at any Time be alienated from the Crown, but remain and be for the pub be alienable lick Service and Benefit of the County.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall not be lawful for any Collector or other No Officer to

Officer to enter into the mansion house of any Peer or Peerels of this Realm, to distrain for the Duties «nter.into peer's aforesaid

IX. Provided, That this Act shall continue and be in Force for the Space of ten Years, and from Aa t'0co[t!nue thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 6 Geo. i. cap. JO Years.

j9 left. 1. J 1 Geo. i. C 26;

Farther Proviji

n* concerning Prisons, CI. Ann. Stae, 2. C 6. 5 Ann, C 9.9 Geo. I. C 2 %, II Geo. I. C 22, 11 Geo. 2. c. 20. 36 Geo. 2. c. 31. 27 Geo. 2. c. 3^ 17*

and 32 Geo. 2. c. 2s.

CAP. XX.

An act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread,

Biscuit, and Meal exported.

WHEREAS certain Subsidies or Duties, which were payable upon the Exportation of the Woollen manufacture.s, as well of the old as the new Draperies, by the Act of Tunnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the second, and by the Book of Rates there 12 Car. 2. C 4, 'unto annexed (except such Part thereof as hath been taken away by an Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the second, intituled An /iff for taking off Aliens zjcar. 2. C. 6. Duties upon Commodities of the Growth, Produff, and Manufacture of the Nation) are, by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the eighth Year of his now majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making 8w.3. C 20.

good the Deficiences offveral Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of Eng ' [and; and for raffing the public Credit, granted to continue until the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six: And whereas by an Act of Parliament, which was made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the second, inti tilled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in his Majesty's Customs, all Woollen Manu 14 Car, a. C 31. ' failures, exported from any Port of this Kingdom, capable of a Ship or Vessel of two hundred Turn upon an ordinary full Sea, to any Part or Place of the Mediterranean Sea, beyond the Port of Malaga, in any Ship or Vessel that hath not two Decks, and doth carry less than six teen Pieces of Ordnance mounted, together with two Men for each Gun, and other Ammunition proportionable, are (amongst other Things) liable to a further Duty of one per Centum; as by the said several Acts, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear; And whereas the Wealth and Prosperity of this Kingdom doth,

in a great Measure, depend upon the Improvement of its Woollen manufactures, and the profitable Trade carried on by the Exportation of the same, which/lrade ougl t, by all proper Means, to be en

3 ' ccuragedj7

Dalles payable by the aforesaid A £18 on Exportation of engluh Woollen manu faflure*, C determined.

56 C 2l. Anno und ecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

C couraged Be it therefore enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the thirtieth Day of March one thousand and seven hundred, all and every the Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money, by the Adds before mentioned, or any of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or Law whatsoever now in Force, granted, continued., due, or payable, or to grow due or payable, for or upon the Exportation of any Long Clothes, Short Clothes, Kerieys, Bays, or Serges, Cottons, Stuffs, Stockings, Hats, Caps, or any other Manufactures of Wool, or made of Sheeps Wool, or Coney Wool, or mixed with any or either of them, and which are or shall be made or manufactured within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, lh.ah cease, determine, and be no longer due or payable to his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for so much as shall be exported after the said thirtieth Day of March, the aforesaid Acts of Parliament or any of them, or any other Law, Statute, Ordinance, Custom, Prescription, or Provision whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Suhfidy and Aulnage of the old and new Draperies, and of all Woollen Manufactures whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion at Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, from and after the Expiration, or other sooner Determination (except for nonpayment of Rent, within three Months after the same becomes due and payable) of the two Grants or Leases of the said Duties, to Charles Duke of Richmond and Lenox, for the Term of Sixty Years, bearing Date the eighteenth Day of December in the Sixteenth Year of King Charles the second, cease, determine, and be no longer due or payable; any Law, Statute, Usage, Prescription, or Custom whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be prejudicial to the Patent granted by the late King Charles the second, bearing Date at Westminster, the fifteenth Day of April in the twenty-eighth Year of his Reign, to Sir James Hayes, and Sir Peter Apjley, their Executors and administrators, of which there is about eight Years yet to come, but that the same shall remain in the same and no other or better Plight and Condition than as before the making of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And for the greater Encouragement of Tillage, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the thirtieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred, the Suhfidy and all other

Duties payable Duties whatsoever payable for or upon the Exportation of Wheat, Rye, Barley, Malt, Beans, Peas, on Exportation and other Sorts of Corn and Grain whatsoever, ground or unground, and for and upon the Exportation of Wheat, Rye, of Bread, Biscuit, and Meal, or any of them, out of or from the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ^annststat Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, as to so much of the said Commodities, or any of them, as shall j. c"n*'i t be so exported after the said thirtieth Day of March, shall cease, determine, and be no longer due or pay

9 Anna), C 6. able to his Majesty, his Heirs and successors; any Law, Statute, Usage or Prescription to the contrary 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. notwithstanding.

Aulnage Duties (after Expiration of the Grants thereof) to cease.

But not to prejudice Sir James Hayes and Sir Peter Apfley.

CAP. XXI.

An act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen and Wherry men rowing on the River of Thames' and for the better ordering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen, upon the said River between Gravefield and Windsor'

& 3 P. & M. ' WHEREAS, notwithstanding the Laws that have been heretofore made for good Order, Rule,

C i6 and Government amongst the Watermen and Wherrymen, using and rowing on the said River

Rmher Provi t of Thames, it hath oftentimes happened, that diverse People passing by Water upon the said River, have to Matters fee" ' been Put n d'inger of their Lives and Goods, and many Times have perished and been drowned, and in this Act by this occasioned by the Unskilfulness and Want of Experience in Wherrymen and Watermen, and Per Geo. 2. C 26.' ' fons out of the Rule of any Master or Governor; and for that in and by the said Acts, the Rulers, and Overseers of the Company or Society of Watermen are not fufkciently empowered to make Rules, Orders and Constitutions, for the Order, Rule, and Government of the Watermen and Wherrymen rowing on the said River, with Pains and Penalties to enforce their due Obedience to such Orders, Rules, and Cofifti tions, and easy Recovery of the said Penalties: And whereas the Lightermen, rowing on the said River of Thames, are grown very numerous, and are at present without Rule and Government amongst them, ' by whole Rudeness and Unskilfulness in working of Lighters and other large Craft, Ships an 1 vessel's ' are hindered in the Delivery of Coals, and thereby frequently stopped in the Proceed of their Voyages, ' and the Goods and Lives of diverse of his Majesty's Subjects are likewise frequently endangered and lost, £ and notorious Disorders are occasioned For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the King's most Exeel»Hawk. p. C lent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, C 6./. 3. in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Law and sta aii Laws con tute now; n Force, touching or concerning Watermen and Wherrymen, and every Article and Thing in to be em contained, and not herein or hereby altered or repealed, shall be duly put in Execution by all Permit in Execution. Tonnes therein concerned, according to the Tenor of the said Laws, and under the Penalties therein con lightermen, tabled 3 and that all and every Person being a Lighterman or Owner of any Lighter or Lighters, or ha whcrrymcn, ving and keeping any Lighter or other large Craft, or working in the same between Gravesend and jvitid hc. made one for, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be of one and the same Society or Company with the said Company, '.'Where

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo Sc duodecimo Guglielmi III C 21: 57

Wherrymen and Watermen; and the said Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen, are declared to be, and are hereby made and constituted, one Society and Company, and as such hall be hereafter deemed and taken.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who now Lightermeotobe keep, or shall hereafter keep or work, or mail be employed in rowing or any ways navigating any Lighter registered at wa or Lighters, or other great Craft, on the River of Thames (Trinity Men, Fishermen, Ballast Men, terman3 Hall western Barges, and Mill Boats, Chalk Boys, Faggot and Wood Lighters, and other Craft carrying

the same excepted) shall be duly and truly registered in a Book or Books for that Purposs to be kept by Exception, the Company of Watermen and Lightermen, and hall likewise be liable to such Orders, Rules and Con See Anna?, C stitutions, made or to be made, for the better Rule and Government of the said Society or Company of 19- §18. Watermen and Lightermen, and the Pains and Penalties to enforce due Obedience thereunto.

III. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be yearly appointed, ele£ied Rulers, C to be and chosen, by the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, the electsd ear] v Number of eight Persons, of the moil: wise, discreet, and best Sort of Watermen, and the Number of

three Persons, out of twelve Persons to be yearly nominated by the Lightermen, of the mod: wise, discreet, and bed Sort of Lightermen, being Housholders, having two Lighters or Flat Boats upon the said River, between Gravesend and jv tndfor; which Elections hall be yearly at the first Court of Aldermen

to be Irolden within the said City, next after the first Day of June; and the said eleven Persons so elected shall be named and called The Over Jen and Rulers of all the Wherrymen, Watermen, and Lightermen, that from and after the said fird Day of June hall use, occupy, or exercise any Rowing upon the said River of Thames betwixt Gravesend and Windsor aforesaid; which said Overseers and Rulers hall keep and maintain good Orders and Obedience amongd the said Watermen and Lightermen, according to the true Meaning of this present and former Adds; and the said eleven Overseers and Rulers, or the greater and to regiaer all Part of them, are hereby authorised from Time to Time to convene and call before them, at the Hall of l'ghtermenrow the said Company, within the City of London and Liberties thereof, all and every such Person or Persons, gflefcn/zmt" which from and after the nine and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred, shall keep or use windsor. in rowing or any ways navigating any Lighter or other great Craft (except as before excepted) betwixt Gravesend and ivindfor aforesaid, and sir all enter and register the Name and Names of them and every of them for Lightermen to row on the said River, in a Book to be kept for the same Intent and Purpose; and from Time to Time to take such Order and direction therein, with every of the said Parties, by Authority of this present at, as it shall seem meet and necessary by the Discretion of the said Overseers and Rulers for the Time being, or the greater Part of them, for the common Benefit of his Majesty's Subjects.

IV. And in regard the Numbers of Wherrymen, Watermen and Lightermen, are more numerous and disorderly than heretofore; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Order and Rulers yearly to Government of the said Society and Company, the said Rulers and Assistants for the time being shall appoint assist and are hereby required, on tbs first Court Day after the first Day of June next, and so yearly and every acts

Year, by their Order, to appoint the Watermen of the principal Towns, stairs and Places of plying,

or the major Part of them respectively, between Gravesend and ivindfor; and fuqh Watermen shall and

are hereby required to choolb one free Waterman, being an Housholder, to be of their Assistants, so as they exceed not sixty, nor be less than the Number of forty Watermen; and on the first Day of June for Watermen.

next, the Lightermen which shall meet at the Hall of the said Company, between the Hours of Eight not under forty,

and Twelve in the Morning, or the mrjor Part of them then present, and so yearly and every Year,

shall choose nine Lightermen, who, together with the said Watermen, shall be and be called The Affiants and for listter

of the said Society and Company, to adyife and assist the Rulers of the said Company for the time being, men nliie'

in the Discovery and Regulation of Miscarriages from time to time done on the said River of Thames, for

putting the former Laws and this present Act in due and full Execution, and in prefer ving good Rule

and Government amongst the said Society and Company; and the said Rulers and Assistants, or the

major Part of them, shall yearly and every Year, on the first Day of July, present to the Court of Lord

Mayor and Aldermen for the time being, for their Approbation, five Persons able and sit Watermen, and Seven Auditors

two Persons able and sit Lightermen, to be called Auditors of the said Society and Company, who hall, 10 be e!cc; ed

or the major Part of them, audite the Accounts of the Rulers and others of the said Society 2nd Come

pany for the time being; and that upon auditing and true stating of the said Accounts, the same hall be

fairly entered in a Book to be kept for that Purpose, and signed by the said Auditors, or the major Part of

them, to be set in some public Place of the company's Hall aforesaid, to be inspected by any Person

concerned at Times convenient; and if any Person or Persons, which at any Time hereafter shall be

elected or appointed Ruler, Assistant, or Auditor of the said Company, do, after Notice given him or them, obstinately refuse to take upon him or them the Place or Places to which he or they shall be so'

elefled, or hall negligently exercise or use such his or their Place or Places, that then every such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit and pay five Pounds; and the said Rulers, Auditors and Assistants, or the Rulers, Auditors,

major Part of them present, being all duly summoned by Summons in Writing left at the Place of their may make

usual Abode, hall and may, and they are hereby empowered and authorised, from time to time, for the e5'iaws> to be

better and more effectual keeping and maintaining good Order and Obedience amongst the said Society ^ourt of Alder

and Company, to make, ordain, and provide such reasonable and lawful Rules, Orders and Constitu. men of London,

tions, as in their Discretion they shall think fit, with reasonable Pains and Penalties to the same annexed; and confirmed by

which said Rules, Orders and Constitutions hall, from time ro time, be laid before the Court of lord one f the two

Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the time being, to be by them examined, altered or ap

y.ol. ly.1' I'protv d, in pursuance

hereof restraining Watermen as to taking Apprentices, C are fnadc void by Annas, C 13 A, i, '

Lord Mayor, e and Justices "to bear and deter

by Distress.

None but registered Lightermen

58 C 2l. Anno imdecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi IIL A.D. 1700.

proved, and afterwards confirmed or altered By the Lord Chief Justice of either Bench, for the common Good and Profit of his majesty's Subjects; and all such Rules, Orders and Constitutions, so made and examined, approved, ratified and confirmed, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times, be well and duly obfctved and put in Execution.

V. And for the further and better enforcing due Obedience to the said Rules, Orders and constitutions, and more easy and speedy Recovery of the Pains and Penalties to the same annexed; be it further enacted, That the Lord Mayor of London, and the Aldermen of the said City, and the Justices of the Peace within the Shires next adjoining to the said River of Thames between Gravesend and tvindfor,

nunecompuhts evctt them within their several Jurisdictions and Authorities, shall have full Power and Authority, by

f virtue of this present act, upon Complaint made to them, or any of them, by the said Overseers and

Rulers, or any two of them, to examine, hear and determine, by the Oath of one or more Witnesses (which every of them are hereby authorised to administer) or by the Confession of the Offender, all Complaints or Offences to be done or committed by any such Person or Persons that shall offend contrary to the true Meaning of this present Act, or any Rule, Order or Constitution, to be made pursuant to the Authority hereby given, and by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every such Offender, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or one or more of the said Aldermen or ju penames inflict ftices, to cause to be levied, from Time to Time, all the Penalties inflicted by former and this presented to be levied Act touching Watermen, Wherrymen or Lightermen, or by any such Rule, Order or Constitution, that shall by virtue of this present Act be forfeited.

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons now owning, having, using, keeping, or working any Lighter or Flat Boats, commonly used for the lading and unlading Goods and Merchandizes, to or from any Ship or Ships, or other vessel or Vessels, who shall register the Names of themselves and their Servants, with their respective Places of Abode, in the Book or Books of the said Company kept for that Purpose, on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September next, shall be deemed and taken to be Lightermen, and they are hereby declared to be Lightermen, within the Intent and Meaning of this present Act; and it shall and maybe lawful to and for all and every such Person and Persons so registered, and no other Person or Persons, but

termite) to" such (Free Watermen, who are not at present Lightermen, that shall be registered as Lightermen at work any Ligh any Time or Times hereafter, and such Person and Persons who shall have been or are lawfully retained ter, C ° and served his Apprcmiceship with a Lighterman, excepted) to use, keep and work, or be employed in

the working of or in any Lighter or Lighters, or other great Craft; upon Pain that every Person or Persons doing the contrary, shall from Time to Time for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum Penalty, of five Pounds for every Week, that he or they shall have, use and work, or work in any Lighter, or

other large Craft; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. tso Person ex

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever ex topr^'or'ytv be cepl c^rinlty Men) be admitted or allowed to work, row or ply on the said River of Thames, betwixt twixtcravefenj Gravesend and jtindfcr, in any Boats, Wherries, or Barges ordinarily serving for carrying Passengers and Windsor, un for Profit, Gain or Reward, except such Person or Persons as shall have served his apprer.ticeship to a kfs he served his Waterman, or is a servant.or Apprentice to a Waterman, and shall in all Things be duly qualified as by Apprentice former Statutes and this Act is directed, for the Security and Safety of Goods and Passengers carried by To whom fovfei Water; and that all and singular the Forfeitures and Penalties in the said former Laws and this present tures shall be act contained, shall from Time to Time, and at all Times, be paid unto the Rulers and Overseers of the paid, and for said Wherrymen, Watermen and Lightermen, or the major Part of them, for the Use of the poor, aged, what Use. decayed and maimed Persons of the said Society and Company of wherrymen, Watermen and Lightermen. Owners of Keys,

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Hermita"* Lessees, Owners or Occupiers of any Key or Keys betwixt the Hermitage Bridge and London Bridge, or Bridge and lon 'any or either of them, to use their and every their Lighters or large Crafts, as has been heretofore law don Bridge may fully accustomed, for the carrying of Goods and Merchandizes to and from their respective Keys and use their own Wharves, and to and from Ships loading or unloading, and to employ any Person or Persons, being wa cm^persons^ termen or Lightermen duly qualified, as in and by this present Act is directed or appointed, to row and qualified [o row worb in their respective Lighters or large Craft, and to do and act anything as heretofore they might therein. lawfully eo, from such their respective Keys and Wharves to any Ships or Vessels as aforesaid; anything.

Performs keeping in this present Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: that it shall and Wharves, or deal- -- lawful for any Person or Persons, who now are, or hereafter shall be a Woodmonger or wood ma uft^he'if1' monsers' an keep a Wharf or Wharves for retailing of Fuel, to keep, use and row, by themselves or tvvnlighters, r&c. Servants, any Lighter or Lighters, or other large Craft, Tor carrying of their own Goods so to be retailed, -3 Geofi. o.afi. mid none others; provided such Servants be Watermen or Lightermen within the Meaning of this Act^§. i.' anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Woo <3 mongers

may keep Lighters for carrying their own Goods, C

'Tt 1^ Provided always, That this Act, nor anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed ters nor Guard to exten^, to prohibit any Owners, Proprietors or Lessees of Laystalls to carry oft" the Soil from the said Tiers Boats, C Laystalls in such Lighters or Vessels, and by such Persons, as have hitherto been accustomed, nor to prohibit any Gardener from bringing to the markets of the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Places adjacent, their own Fruit, Herbs, Roots and other Products of their Gardens, or Soil and Dung in their Boats, and by their own Servants, as they have formerly accustomed to do; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Pnfecntion to be X Provided also, That no Person shall be punished for any Offence again! this Act, unless such of cffc°ce.ays tcc fender shall be prosecuted for the same within thirty Days after the Offence committed.

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Gcjlielmi ill. C 21. 59

XI. Provided always, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit, shall at any Time after the first Day

of June be commenced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for or byreason of any Matter or Thing which he or they shall dp in Pursuance of or by Colour of this Act, it shall and may

be lawful to and for the Person or Persons so sued or prosecuted to plead the General issue, or that what Persons foed

was done by him was done by virtue of this Act, without saying more, and give this Act or any other ayp, cad the Special Matter in Evidence; which Act is hereby declared to be a public Act; and if the Verdict shall pjjydj*c; pais for the Defendant or Defendants in such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become nonsuit, or u CC

suffer any Discontinuance thereof, that in any such Case the Defendant or Defendants shall have his or their Double Costs, which he or they shall have sustained in Defence of such Action or Suit, for which Double Costs, the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy, as in other Cases where Colls by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

XII. Provided, That where any Offender shall be punished by Force of this Act, he shall not be pro Proviso concern

fecuted nor incur the Penalty of any other Law or Statute for the same Offence. ing Punishment

XIII. and whereas great Numbers of idle and looie Watermen and Boys do work on the Lord's Day, e en er' C commonly called Sunday, and exact large Prices from Passengers, whose necessary Occasions oblige them to pass and repass the River of Thames, and generally spend such their Gains in Drunkenness and Pro ' faneness the succeeding Week For Prevention whereof, and to the End that what shall be got thereby, may be applied to the charitable Relief of such aged and maimed Watermen and Lightermen, their Widows and Children, whose Circumstances want Assistance; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Rulers may ap from and after the first Day of June next it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Rulers and Over p°'nt 4° water seers, Auditors and Assistants, of the said Society and Company for the Time being, or the major Part Vbecweea

them, on their respective Court Days, to appoint any Number of Watermen, not exceeding forty, to ply v^hanand6' and work on every lord's Day between Pause Hall above London Bridge, and Limehouse, below the same Lime Houfo, for Bridge, at such common Stairs or Places of plying, as to the Rulers and Overseers, Auditors and Af carryingpaffen fistants, or the major Part of them, shall seem moult convenient, for the carrying and re carrying of Paf Pers crosstheri fengers cross the said River, between the Limits aforesaid, atone Penny each Person so to be carried; watermenfoa and all the Watermen so to be appointed on every the Days aforesaid, shall, on every Monday Morning ported?t" pay" respectively, pay unto the Order of the said Overseers and Rulers, Auditors and Assistants, all such Sum the Money re and Sums of Money as by them respectively shall be received for conveying paitengers on the lord's «i»ed every Day as aforesaid; the said Overseers and Rulers, Auditors and Assistants, or the major Part of them, Monday morn or their Order, shall pay to each respective Waterman working as aforesaid, for his day's Labour so much ^fs^and beonl as they shall agree for, and the Overplus shall from Time to Time be applied to the Use of the poor, allowed for their aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen and Lightermen of the said Society and Company, and their Labour. Widows; and if any Person appointed to work, as aforesaid, shall neglect to pay on every Monday to the Overplus how Order aforesaid, the full Sum of Money that he shall have earned and received on the lord's Dayfplkd' V next before, he shall for every such Omission or short Payment forfeit and pay to the Order of the said no I Overseers and Rulers, Auditors and Assistants, or the major Part of them, the Sum of forty Shillings to;, g the Money be recovered, as aforesaid -

XIV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, dr be con Act not to a strued to extend to the leficning, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or otherwise howsoever bridge the late impeaching of any Right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the late Charles Duke o (Richmond and Lenox, Duk'j, °tblch' Lord of the Manor of Grey, send, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the holding a cera Court tain Court within the said Manor, called Curia eurfus aqua, or, The Court of the Watercourse, for the in oravefend.dec. better Government of Barges, Boats, and Vessels, using the Ferry or railage from the Town of Grave called Curia cur end, to London, and of the Persons owning or working the frlme, or of any other Rights, Liberties, fus Powers, and Privileges whatsoever belonging to the said late Duke, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators,

and Assigns, relating to the said Ferry or passage, or to the Barges, tilt boats, or other Boats and vessels using the said Ferry or passage, or plying at the Bridge of the said Town of Gravrfend, or the Persons owning or working the same, or otherwise howsoever.

XV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be con norto lessen, llrued to extend to the lessening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or impcaching of any the Liberties Grants, Liberties, Franchises, Cuifoms, Privileges, or Usages, now or heretofore lawfully, used, held, habitants'of'" or enjoyed, by the Mayor, Jurats, and capital Inhabitants of the Villages and Parishes of Grayejendand Cravefend, C Adilton, in the County of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating to the passage and Ferry upon the said relating to the River of Thames, from the said Villages and Parishes of Gravefetid and atilion, to the said City of London, Ferry from

or touching or concerning the Government or Gubernation of the said passage and Ferry; but that the said pravefend^to Mayor, Jurats, and inhabitants, and their successors, shall and may do and execute all and every such'l4c* lawful Act and Act, Powers and Authorities, touching the said passage and Ferry, and the Government thereof, as they might or could have done, if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained shall not extend to hinder or Proviso concern prevent the Watermen of the Parish of St. Margaret, Westminster, from plying or working cross the River in e water of Thames from Westminster Bridge to Standgate, and from th t Horse Ferry to Lambeth Bridge, on every ^rc^we^min" lord's Day, in their several Turns, as they have lately accustomed and used to do; and the Money earned er. '

by them or any of them on that Day is hereby directed to be, from Titne to Time, employed for the a Geo. 2. C a6 die of the poor, aged, decayed, and maimed Watermen and their Widows of the Parish of Saint A Aar iocco. 2. C 31.

Farther Provi

j fiori rclat: rg hereto, & 5 Ann, C 13 & 19. 4 Geo. 2, C 24. and 10 Geo. z, C 3r.

?ar CL

6a

RR

PR.

34 & 35 H. 8. C g.

3&4w. am.

C 22, 23. Anno undecimo 6c duodecimo Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

garet, Westminster; and any two Justices of the Peace of the said Parish are hereby authorised, from Time to Time t call the Watermen, so working, to account for the Moneys by them earned on the lord's Day, as aforesaid, and to cause the same to be applied and disposed as aforesaid; that the said Watermen of the said Parish of Saint Margaret for the Time being shall choose two Stewards and a Clerk on the three and twentieth Day of April in every Year yearly, and such Watermen of the said Parish, or the major Part of them, which shall be present at a Meeting of their Society, shall, and have hereby Power to appoint such of the Watermen of the said Parish, as shall in their respective Turns work on the lord's Days, as aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXII.

An act for making the River Larke, alias Burn, navigable. Henry ashley, Esq; impowered to make the said River navigable, improve the Passage for Boats, &c. make new Cuts through the King's or other Grounds, and build Bridges, Sluices, &c. with free Liberty of Ways for carrying Materials, &c. and may alter Bridges, turn Highways, &c. and set out towing paths, &c. first giving Satisfaction to the Owner. Undertaker to make a Ditch between towing path and Lands of William Gauge, &c. In case Undertaker and Owners cannot agree, &c. Commissioners to inquire upon Oath, and determine what Satisfaction Owners shall have for Damages, &c. not exceeding 25 Years Purchase, and proportion every one's Share, Commissioners Orders to be kept amongst the Records of the Sessions, &c. On Payment of Money agreed on, Undertaker may dig, cut, CV the said Lands, erect Bridges, &c. and maintain the same, C Owner, &c. refuting to appear, Commissioners may inquire into such respective Owners Damage, and order Satisfaction. Rights of Fishing and Fowling reserved. In case of of Death of Commissioners, others to be chosen, having 3001, per Annum, or 6000l. If the Water be raised higher than usual, Banks to be raised proportionably, or if the River be deepened at any Fording Place, fife, the Undertaker to make Bridges, &c. No Highway or footpath to be removed without Allowance. If Undertaker pull down any Bridge, he shall erect another as useful. Justices to determine Offences concerning Bridges, and inflict Penalties. All Banks to be maintained as usual. Undertaker to demand for all Goods, sac. carried up or down the said River, from Mildenhall Mill, to Bury St, edmond's, the Rates following, For every Chaldron of Coals Lynn Measure, 3 s. 2 d. For every Halfhundred of Deals, 2 s. Load of Timber (forty Foot to the Load) 25. Eight Packs of Wool. ten Tod to the Pack, 5s. od. Weigh of Salt, 2s. 6d. lo.'d of Wheat or Barley, ten Combs to the Load, 2 s. Last of Oats, zr. 6 d. Load of Beans or Peas, 2 s. 6d. Tun of Grocery Wares, z s. 6d. tunofoil or Wine, 3l. 10 d. Thousand of Turf, 3 s. 2d. loadofreed, Sedge, or Hay, twenty hundred to a Load, 3 s. 2d. Load of Hemp, twenty hundredweight, 3 s. 2d. Left of Malt, 2 s. €> d. Load of Bricks, five hundred to the Load, 2 s. Thousand of Tiles, 2 s. 6d. And for every Tun of other Goods, 2 s. Watermen, &c. to give Account of all Goods conveyed, 'Ac.' In case of Refusal, Goods may be stopped, and weighed. Any Person concealing Goods, &c. may be stopped, &c. Millers may carry Materials, &c. for repairing their Mills, AY. Toll free. Liberty granted to Sir Edward Gauge and William Gauge, to carry Dung, &c. for their own Lands, and their Tenants, Toll free. And the like Liberty for carrying the Product thereof. Like Liberty to Occupier's of Lands adjoining to the River, &c. Twenty Chaldron of Coals may be conveyed yearly to Bury, for the Poors Use, Toll free. Boat Master, &c. answerable for Damages. Boats, &c. lying in any Sluice, &c. obstructing the Passage of others, may be removed. Undertaker with Consent of Commissioners may make bylaws, and set Penalties. No common Wharf or Key to be made in Bury without Consent of Magistrates. Liberty to keep Pleasure Boats on the said River, Toll free; but not to carry Goods, &c.

CAP. XXIII.

An act for the better preserving the Navigation of the Rivers Avon and Froome, and for cleansing, paving and enlightning the Streets of the City of Bristol. Throwing Ballast Cinders, C into the River Avon, &c. or placing Ballast, Acon the Wharves, &c. in the City or Suburbs of Bristol, &c. adjudged a common Nuisance. Mayor, &c. of Bristol to appoint convenient Places for laying Allies, &c. Scavengers to carry all Dust, &c. to the said Places. housekeepers, &c. twice a Week to sweep their Streets, and Scavenger to carry away the Dirt. No Allies, &c. to be laid in the Streets, &c. or thrown into any common Sewer, C housekeepers, &c. to cause the Streets before their Houses to be paved, and defaulk the same out of their Rent. Penalty on laying empty Drays, &c. in the Street, or sawing Timber, &c. without Licence. Mayor, &c. to make Orders for regulating the Markets, and for carrying away Dirt, &c. Mayor, &c. appointed Conservators of the River Avon, from Tower Harr a too lo hannam's Mills, and to punish Nufances, &c., appoint Officers for Preservation thereof, &c. and impose Fines, &c. to be levied by Distress. Surveyors of the Highways to have the Care of cleansing the Streets, &c. Churchwardens, &c. to settle a Parish Rate for cleansing the Streets, payable quarterly. Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Quarter sessions. Moneys collected to be yearly accounted for. How the Ward of the Castle Precinct shall be rated. The Rights of Fishery, or Royalties on the Rivers, saved. Not to abridge any Rights of the Mayor, &c. of Bristol on the said Rivers. Floufholders paying 2d. per Week to the Poor, to hang out Lights in the Street, unless they agree to use Lamps, &c. Persons authorised may make a Rate for cleansing the Streets, and an assessment for erecting public Lamps, &c.

A.D. 1700. Anno undecimo & duodecimo Guglielmi III C 24. 61

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to enable the Mayor and Citizens of the City of Chester to recover and preserve the Navigation pr. & exp. upon the River Dee. Duties to be paid for 21 Years to the Mayor, &c. of Chester, for making the Ri 6 Geo. a. C 30. ver Dee navigable. Coals three halfpence per Barrel, Lime or Limestone 2 d. per Barrel, to be paid on unloading, &c. Mayor and Aldermen, &c. to appoint Collectors and Receivers, &c. Moneys collected to be paid to the City Treasurer. Coal, Limestone, &c. shall be sold in some public Place in

Chester, as the Mayor, &c. shall appoint. On Nonpayment of Duty, Boat and Goods may be stopped, and Cart, Horse, (sc. until the same be paid. Mayor, CC to nominate Collector, Receiver, &c. who shall give Security, and be allowed 12d. in the Pound for their Pains. Mayor, &c. may contract for making new Works, &c. Accounts of Receipts and Disbursements to be entered. Seven Commissioners to be chosen yearly for executing the Powers in this Act, who may examine Collectors, &c. on Oath, allow their Accounts, &c. River Dee may be made navigable from the Sea to Chester, and the Channel turned. Commissioners for executing the Powers, may mark out the Sands, Soil, &c. Sand and Ground enclosed, &c. vested in the Mayor and Citizens for ever, who may improve the same, and take the Profits, for maintaining and repairing the Works. Commissioners to let out a public Highway over the Sands. Mayor, &c. may survey the River, &c. Rights of Anne Offiey reserved, &c. Owners of Blacon Manor may setup Sluices, &c. In case new Channel be cut within 450 Yards Southwards of blacon house, Owners to have Satisfaction for Damage, &c. Differences shall be adjusted by Arbitrators. Party aggrieved may appeal to the Chief Justice of Chester, whose Order shall be final. Not to extend to Sir William Glynn and others. In case River be not fordable at low Water, Mayor, &c. to employ two free ferry boats, (Ac,

Anno Regni GUGLIELMI III duodecimo & decimo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the sixth Day of February, Anno Dom. 1700. in the twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILLIAM the Third, by the Grace of God,

of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, &c. and from thence continued by Piorogation to the tenth Day of February 1700. and from thence by Adjournments continued till the twenty-fourth Day of June 1701. being the first Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for renewing the Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills. "EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties

'of the Subject.

WHEREAS in the first Year of the Reign of your Majesty, and of our late most Gracious Sove jw.&m. ff. 2, reign Lady Queen Mary (of blessed Memory) an Act of Parliament was made, intituled An c. 2.

Aii for declaring the Eights and Liberties of the Subject, and for settling the sv.cccfion of the Crown, wherein it was (amongst other Things) enacted, established and declared, That the Crown and Regal Government of the Kingdoms of England, France and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, should be and continue to your Majesty and the said late Queen, during the Joint lives of your Majesty and the said Queen, and to the Survivor: And that after the Decease of your Majesty and of the said Queen,

the said Crown and Regal Government should be and remain to the Heirs of the Body of the said late Queen: And for Default of such issue, to her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of Denmark, and the Heirs of her Body: And for Default of such Jftue, to the Heirs of the Body of your Majesty. And is

was thereby further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons that then were, or afterwards

should be reconciled to, or should hold Communion with the See or Church of Rome, or should profefe,

the Popish Religion, or marry a Papist, should be excluded, and are by that Act made for ever uncapa ble to inherit, possess, or enjoy the Crown and Government of this Realm and Ireland, and the Domi nions thereunto belonging, or any Pan of the same, or to have, use, or exercise any Regal Power, Authority, or Jurisdiction within the same; And in all and every such Case and Cases the People of these Realms shall be and are thereby absolved of their Allegiance: And that the said Crown and Government shall from Time to Time tlefcend to and be enjoyed by such Person or Persons, being Protestants,

4 as should have inherited and enjoyed the same, in case the said Person or Persons, so reconciled, hold ing Communion, profefniig, or marrying as aforesaid, were naturally dead. After the making of which Statute, and the Settlement therein contained, your majesty's goqd Subjects, who were restored to the full and free Possession and Enjoyment of their Religion, Rights, and Liberties, by the Providence of

God giving Success to your Majesty's just Undertakings and unwearied Endeavours for that Purpose,

had no greater temporal Felicity to hope or wish for, than to see a Royal Progeny defeending from your Majesty, to whom (under God) they owe their Tranquillity, and whose Ancestors have for many Years been principal Affercors of the reformed Religion and the Liberties of Europe, and from our said most Gracious Sovereign Lady, whose Memory will always be precious to the Subjects of these Realms:

And

62 C 2. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

And it having fmce pleased Almighty God to take away our said Sovereign Lady, and also the most hopeful Prince William Duke of Gloucester (the only surviving Issue of her Royal Highness the Prin cess Anne of Denmark) to the unspeakable Grief and Sorrow of your Majesty and your said good Sub ' jejfts, who under such Lolles being sensibly put in mind, that it standeth wholly in the Pleasure of Al 4 mighty God to prolong the Lives of your Majesty and of her Royal Highness, and to grant to your Majesty, or to her Royal Highness, such ittue as may be inheritable to the Crown and Regal Government aforesaid, by the respective Limitations in the said recited Act contained, do constantly implore the Divine Mercy 'for those Blessings: your majesty's said Subjects having daily Experience of your Royal Care and Concern for the present and future Welfare of these Kingdoms, and particularly recommending from your Throne a further Provision to be made for the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, for the Huppiness of the Nation, and the Security of our Religion; and it being absolutely necessary for the Safety, Peace and Quiet of this Realm, to obviate all Doubts and Contentions in the same, by reason of any pretended Title to the Crown, and to maintain a Certainty in the Succession thereof, to which your Subjects may safely have Recourse for their protection, in case the Limitations in the said recited Act should determine: Therefore for a further Provision of the siteceition of the Crown in the Potestant Line, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted and declared, and be it enacted and declared by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, Daughter of the most Excellent Prineefs Elizabeth, late Queen of Bohemia, Daughter of our late Sovereign Lord King James the first, of happy Memory, be and is hereby declared to be the next in Succession, in the Protestant Line, to the Imperial Crown and Dignity of the said Realms of England, France and Ireland, with the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, after his Majesty, 'and the Prineefs Anne of Denmark, and in Default of Issue of the said Prineefs Anne, and of his Majesty respectively: that from and after the Deceases of his said Majesty, our now Sovereign Lord, and of her Royal Highness the Prineefs Anne of Denmark, and for Default of Issue of the said Prineefs Anne, and of his Majesty respectively, the Crown and Regal Government of the said Kingdoms of England, France and Ireland, and of the Dominions thereunto belonging, with the Royal State and Dignity of the said Realms, and all Honours Styles, Titles, Regalities, Prerogatives, Powers, Jurisdictions and Authorities, to the same belonging and appertaining, Ball b;, remain, and continue to the said most Excellent Prineefs Sophia, and the Heirs and to the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants: And thereunto the said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, of her Body, be shah ant] will, in the Name of all the People of this Realm, most humbly and faithfully submit them aig rotei ms. fejves5 their Heirs and Pofteritics; and do faithfully promise That after the Deceases of his Majesty, and her Royal Highness, and the Failure of the Heirs of their respective Bodies, to stand to, maintain, and defend the said Prineefs Sophia, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants, according to the Limitation and Succession of the Crown in this Act specified and contained, to the utmost of their Powers, with their Lives and Estates, against all Persons whatsoever that shall attempt anything to the contrary.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall or may take or inherit the said Crown, by virtue of the Limitation of this present Act, and is, are or shall be reconciled to, or shall hold Communion with the Sec or Church of Rome, or shall profess the Popish Religion, or shall marry a Papist, shall be subject to such Incapacities, as in such Cate or Cases are by King and Queen the said recited Act provided, enacted, and established; that every King and Queen of this Realm, to taketheco who shall come to and succeed in the Imperial Crown of this Kingdom, by virtue of this Act, shall have ronation Oath, the Coronation Oath administered to him, her or them, at their respective Coronations, according to the iw.&m.ir. 1. Act of parliament made in the nrft Year of the Reign of his Majesty, and the said late Queen Mary, and subscribe'nt'tu^e^a n^establishing the Coronation Oath, and shall make, subscribe, and repeat the Declaration Deck" adon 6 me n the Act first above recited mentioned or referred to, in the Manner and Form thereby prescribed. Conditions for ' HI And whereas it is reejuifite and necessary that some further Provision he made for securing our securing the Re ' Religion, Laws and Liberties, from and after the Death of his Majesty and the Prineefs an.ve of den ligion, Laws, ' mark, and in Default of iitue of the Body of the said Prineefs, and of his Majesty respectively; 'Be it fffue"fdtehfault0fenaaed by the kung sjtlcft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual

Pnnccfs Sophia declared next Successor to the Crow a.

after the King and princecs Anne ofden xnarlt and their xltue, C

Papist, &c. incapacitated from inheriting the Crown.

Prineefs Anne end the King.

Repealed by

z Geo. 1. stat. 2

si:

e Repealed by a Anns, C 3,

6- y

and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same,

THAT whosoever shall hereafter come to the Possession of this Crown, shall join in Communion with the Church of England, as by Law established.'

That in case the Crown and Imperial Dignity of this Realm shall hereafter come to any Person, not being a Native of this Kingdom of England, this Nation be not obliged to engage in any War for the Defence of any Dominions or Territories which do not belong to the Crown of England, without the Consent of parliament.'

1 That no Person who shall hereafter come to the Possession of this Crown, shall go out of the Dominions of England, Scotland, or Ireland, without Consent of Parliament.'

That from and after the Time that the further Limitation by this Act shall take Effect, all Matters and Things relating to the well governing of this Kingdom, which are properly cognizable in the Privy

Resolutions taken

to the same.'

Council by thereupon

y the Laws and Customs of this Realm, shall be transacted there, and shall be signed by such of the Privy Council as shall adfife and consent

That

A.D. 1700. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III C 3. £3

That after the said Limitation shall take Effect as aforesaid, no Person born out of the Kingdoms of thisclanfeex England', Scotland, or Ireland, or the Dominions thereunto belonging (although he be naturalised or made ' a Denizen, except such as are born of English Parents) shall! be Capable to be of the Privy Council, or a a°or bef<jre\hc

Member of either House of Parliament, or to enjoy any Office or Place t>f Trust, either Civil or Military, Accession of

or to have any Grant of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments from the Crown, to himself or to any King Geo. i. to

other or others in Trust for him.'to the Crown.'

That no Person who has an Office or Place of Profit under the King, or receives a Pension from the Repealed by

Crown, shall be capable of serving as a Member of the House of Commons. 6 Ami'c

That after the said Limitation shall take Effect as aforesaid, Judges Commissions besmade ghiandiu fe 1 c"j J'

bene gejjerlnt, and their Salaries ascertained and established; but upon the Address of both Houses of

Parliament it may be lawful to remove them.

That no Pardon under the Great Seal of England be pleadable to an Impeachment by the Commons in Parliament.

IV. And whereas the Laws of England are the birthright of the People thereof, and all the Kings.

and Queens, who shall ascend the Throne of this Realm, ought to administer the Government of the

C same according to the said Laws, and all their Officers and Ministers ought to serve them respectively according to the same The said Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, do therefore further humbly pray, That all the Laws and Statutes of this Realm for securing the established Religion, and All Laws for the Rights and Liberties of the People thereof, and all other Laws and Statutes of the same now in securing the effa force, may be ratified and confirmed, and the same are by his Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con cent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, and by Authority of the same, ratified and con ptijar, per firmed accordingly. V C 6.

CAP. III.

An act for preventing any Inconveniences that may happen by Privilege of Parliament.

FOR the preventing all Delays the King or his Subjects may receive in any of his Courts of Law Amended by or Equity, and for their Ease in the Recovery of their Rights and Titles to any Lands, Tenements ngco. a. c.z4, or Hereditaments, and their Debts or other Dues, for which they have Cause of Suitor Action; Be it er.acted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, Action may be any Person and Persons shall and may commence and prosecute any Action or Suit in any of his Majesty's con?i^"ced Courts ot Record at Westminster, or High Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, or the Duchy Court Member otpar of Lancaster, or in the Court of Admiralty, and in all Causes Matrimonial and Tellamentary in the liament, cia Court of the Arches, the Prerogative Courts of Canterbury and York, and the Delegates, and all Courts the interval of or Appeal, against any Peer of this Realm, or Lord of Parliament, or against: any of the Knights, Parliament, a C Citizens and burgesses of the House of Commons for the time being, or against their or any" of their Menial or other Servants, or any other Person intituled to the Privilege of Parliament, at any Time from m.d. immediately after the diitolution or Prorogation of any Parliament, until a new Parliament shall meet, or the same be re assembled and from and immediately after any Adjournment of both Houses of Parliament for above the Space of fourteen Days, until both Houses shall meet or re assemble; and that an act the said respective Courts shall and may, after such diitolution, Prorogation, or Adjournment as afore may°giveljudg rt laid, proceed to give Judgement, and to make final Orders, Decrees and Sentences, and award Execution mem. thereupon; any Privilege of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided nevertheless, That this Act shall not extend to subject the Person of any of the Knights,

Citizens and Burgesses of the House of Commons, or any other Person intituled to the Privilege of Parliament, to be arrested during the Time of Privilege: Neverihcleft, if any Person or Persons, having Person may have Cause of Action or Complaint against any Peer of this Real at, or Lord of Parliament, such Person or r0ccij Persons, after any diitolution, Prorogation or Adjournment as aforesaid, er before any Sessions of Par drtfoluttonvf* liament, or Meeting of both Houses as aforesaid, shall and may have such Process out of his Majesty's Parliament, Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer, against such Peer or Lord of Parliament, as he or they might have had against him out of the Time of Privilege; and if any Person or Persons, having Cause ot Action against any of the said Knights, Citizens or Burgesses, or any other Person intituled to Privilege of Parliament, after any diitolution, Prorogation, or such Adjournment as aforesaid, or before any Sessions of Parliament, or Meeting of both Houses as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall and may prosecute such Knight, Citizen or Burgess, or 'other Person intituled to the Privilege of Parliament, in his Majesty's Courts of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, by Summons and Distress infinite, or by Original Bill, and Summons, Attachment, and Distress Infinite thereupon to be issued out of any of the said Courts of Record, which the said respective Courts are hereby empowered to issue against them, or any of them, until he or they tial enter a Common Appearance, or file Common Bail to the plaintiff's Action, according to the Ccurfe of each respective Court; and any Person or Persons, having Cause of Suit or Complaint, may, in the Times aforesaid, exhibit any Bill or Complaint, against an may any Peer of this Realm or Lord of Parliament, or against any of the said Knights, Citizens or Burr p'11 "P ap gesses, or other Person intituled to the Privilege of Parliament, in the High Court of Chancery, Court of 01 cm Exthequer, or Duchy Court of Lancaster, and may proceed thereupon by Letter or Subpoena as is usual, and upon leaving a Copy of the Bill with the Defendant, or at his House or Lodging, or last Place of

64 C 4. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

Abode, may proceed thereon; and for want of an Appearance or Answer, or for nonperformance of and fcqueiter rlie any Order or Decree, or Breach thereof, may fequelter the real and personal Estate of the Party, as is party's Eftaie, used and practised where the Defendant is a Peer of this Realm, but shall not arrest or imprison the Body but not airefthis. 0p any Of fa; j Knights, Citizens and burgesses, or other privileged Person, during the Continuance ody of Privilege of Parliament.

CD from Profccu III. and. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any plaintiff shall, by Reason or oc 'tion by Privilege casion of Privilege of Parliament, be stayed or prevented from prosecuting any Suit by him commenced, of Parliament, such plaintiff shall not be barred by any Statute of Limitation, or nonsuited, dismissed, or his Suit dif not to be barred continued, for want of Prosecution of the Suit by him begun, but shall from Time to Time, upon the by any statuteof.kifing of the Parliament, be at Liberty to proceed to Judgement and Execution.

Limitation, C jy And js hel cjjy enacted, That no Action, Suit, Proc fs, Order, Judgement, Decree or Proceed no Action, C ing in Law or Equity against the King's original and immediate Debtor, for the Recovery or Obtaining against the King's of any Debt or Duty originally and immediately due or payable unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, debtor'&c. or asa>nft any Accountant, or Person answerable or liable to render any Account unto his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Part or Branch of any of his or their Revenues, or other original or immediate Debt or Duty, or the Execution of any such Process, O der, Judgement, Decree or Proceedings, stall beilayed by shall he impeached, stayed or delayed, by or under the Colour or Pretence of any Privilege of Parliament; Privilege of Par yet f0 nevertheless, that the Person or Persons of any such Debtor or Accountant, or Person answerable lament, ut er Qr jjaye to account, being a Peer of this Realm or Lord of Parliament, shall not be liable to be arrested or imprisoned by or upon any such Suit, Order, Judgement, Decree, Process or Proceedings, or being a Member of the House of Commons, shall not, during the Continuance of the Privilege of Parliament, be arrested or imprisoned, by or upon any such Order, Judgement, Decree, Process or Proceedings.

V. Provided nevertheless, That neither this act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to give Farther Provifr any jurisdiction, Power or Authority, to any Court, to hold Plea in any real or mixed Action, in any

firanp hpfnrt* mnlrino t hiii A

son not liable to be arrested* C

Proviso,

other Manner than such Court might have done before the making this act.

ons concerning Parliament, 2 3 Ann. C is. 6 Ann. C j & 23.9 Ann.

9 Geo. 2. c. 38. II Geo. 2. C. 24. 13 Geo. 2,

C 5. 10 Ann. C 19 S? 23. 1 Geo. 1.

C 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22. 19 Geo. 2.

38 56. 2 Geo. 2. C

28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14.

24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23.

33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

8 Geo. 2. c. 30.

CAP. IV.

An Act for appointing Wardens and aftay Matters for allaying Wrought Plate in the Cities of

York, Exeter, Bristol, Chester, and Norwich,

WHEREAS the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and Plateworkers of this Kingdom, remote from the City of London, are under great Difficulties and Hardships in the Exercise of their Trades, for Cities appointed want of Aflayers in convenient Places to assay and touch their Wrought Plate For Remedy whereof, wrlgbtnp]atc!' ant fr preventing all Frauds and Corruptions therein, be it enacted by the King's moil: excellent Ma < By 1, Ann, 'jefby, by and with the Advice and Consent of the.lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this flat. 1. C 9. present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the several Cities within this King §. 3. Newcastle dom, where the Mints were lately erected for recoining the Silver Money of this Kingdom, (viz.) York, h p.exeter, Bristol, Chester, and Norwich, shall be, and are hereby appointed for the assaying and marking of L e A'e. owe. Wrought Plate, and for executing the Powers, Authorities, and ] irections given by this Act.

sn°the&id Cities enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every of the Cities aforesaid, the Goldsmiths,

incorporated s Silversmiths, and Plateworkers, who are or shall be Freemen of, or inhabiting within, any of the said Company, and Cities, and having served an Apprenticeship to the said Trade of a Goldsmith, Silversmith, or plate shall choose War worker, shall be, and are hereby respectively incorporated a Company of or belonging to such City, and dene annually, shall be called and known by the Name of The Company of Goldsmiths of such City respectively; Company of such City shall be enabled, and are hereby authorised, annually to choose two Persons to be the Wardens of the said Company in each of the said Cities respectively: Which laid Wardens shall continue for the Space of one Year and no longer, unless reelected by the said Company: And if any of the said Wardens so chosen as aforesaid, shall happen to die or remove out of such City, then the said Company shall, within one Month after such Death or Removal, choose another Person of their Company to be Warden in his Room, and such Person so chosen, shall, and is hereby authorised and required to at accordingly.

r.'o Gollsmith,

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Goldsmith, Silversmith, or plate pla'te^lettm0 worker in any of the said Cities, shall worker make, or cause to be wrought or made, any Silver Vef

Fineness than ^1, Plate or Manufacture of Silver, less in Fineness than according to the Standard of this. Kingdom,

Standard, nor which for the Time being is or shall be appointed by Law for Wrought Plate, nor shall put to sale, ex ll sell any up change, or sell any Plate or Manufacture of Silver made after the nine and twentieth Day of September till marked, cone thousand seven hundred and one, until such Time as such Plate or manufactured Silver shall be tf, eo. 2. C 6. marked as followeth, viz. with the worker's Mark, to be expressed with the two first Letters of his Surname, to denote the Maker thereof, and also with the lion's Head erased, and the Figure of a Woman commonly called Britannia, and with the Arms of such of the Cities aforesaid; wherein such Plate shall be assayed and marked, to denote the Goodness thereof, and the Place where the same was allayed and

marked, and also with a distinct variable Mark or Letter in Roman Character; which Mark or Letter shall be annually changed upon the Election of new Wardens for each respective Company, to denote penalty, the Year in which such Plate is made; upon Pain that all such Silver Vessels, Plate, or other manufac

focqtion. tured Silver (except such Things as by reason of their Smallness are not capable of receiving a Touch)

A.D. 1700. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III C 4. 6 5

which shall be made, exposed to sale, or exchanged, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, or the Value thereof, one Moiety thereof to the King's Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any Court of Record in any County or Place wherein such Offence shall be committed, and wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be an able and skilful Man, An Assayer to be experienced in aftaying of Gold and Silver, elected by the said Company of Goldsmiths in each of the lested m

said Cities respectively, for whom it shall and may be lawful to detain eight Grains only from every h" Grain's" Pound Troy of Silver he shall allay, four Grains whereof shall be put into the Box of Diet, and the other p(, r pbov, ncj Troy four Grains shall be allowed him towards his Waste and Spillings in making the said Allays; and who of Silver, immediately after his Election, shall take the Oath following, viz.

I A.B. do swear, That I will be faithful and true to our Sovereign Lord King William, and will so assayer's Oath;

j[ long as I shall continue an Allayer, well and faithfully behave myself in the said Office, and no un due Profit to myself take, to the hurting or hindrance of any Person that is Owner or Bringer in of any Gold or Silver in Plate, to be allayed, except of Plate wrought only four Grains of every Pound Weight to be taken and put into the Box of Diet, and other four Grains to be taken likewise of every Pound Weight of Plate wrought (and not otherwise) towards my Waste and Spillings in making the said Assays; and that I will touch no Gold nor Silver, but what shall be of the Goodntfs of, and according to the Standard of this kingdom, which for the Time being is or shall be appointed by Law for wrought Plate; and all such Gold or Silver as shall be brought to me to be touched, I will

trulyr set down in Writing, and the same at all Times, as I shall be required, will duly and truly deliver again (except eight Grains as aforesaid) and will true Accounts make thereof, when there unto required by the Wardens of the Companies wherein I am chosen Allayer; and that I will no Assays make of Things new wrought before they be marked with the Mark of the Maker or Owners thereof; and that I will not put into the aforesaid Box any Silver, but that Silver

which I shall have feraped and taken from the Plate, which I shall assay and pass for Standard.'

So help me God.

V Which Oath the Mayor in the respective Cities aforesaid is hereby required and impowed to admi, to drn, 1"

nifter to such Assayer. mfter the Oath.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the Box or Boxes wherein the Diet of all such Plate as Diet Box to be shall be tried by the Assayers aforesaid, is put, shall be locked up with three different Locks, and the !ock'd'v!tluhrcs respective Keys thereof shall be kept by the Wardens and Assayers of such respective Company, by whom Loc s'

such Assayers shall be elected and chosen: Box or Boxes shall be at the Charge of each respective Company, conveyed annually (if required by the Lord Chancellor or Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being) to his Majesty's Royal Mint at the Tower oi london; and the said Diet therein may be an contained shall be tried as the Pix of the Coin of this Kingdom is tried; and if in any of the said Diets there "ou "b( shall be found any Falsehood or Deceit, then every such company, for every such Offence, shall forfeit Tower" C the Sum of fifty Pounds', to be recovered, in Manner as aforesaid, against such Company, or any Mem Penalty on Cumber thereof in his private Capacity, and to be disposed of as aforesaid: if any Plate shall be touched, pany. allowed, or marked, for Goodbye any of the Assayers of the respective Places aforesaid, and if in the Penalty on af same there shall be found any Deceit, then such Assayer, who so marked the same, shall forfeit double the Value of the Plate so marked, to be recovered and disposed as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the nine and twentieth

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, every Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plateworker, 'Coldsmith, C inhabiting in any of the Cities aforesaid, or in any other Town or Place within this Kingdom, where an °^sayer is ap assayer is not, or shall not be appointed, and also every Person who at any Time after the said nine and p0; nteij shall en twentieth Day of September shall be a Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plateworker, and shall inhabit in any ter his Name, cof the Cities aforesaid, or in any other Town or Place within this Kingdom, where an assayer is not, or with the war shall not be appointed, before he takes upon him to exercise any of the said Trades, shall enter his Name dens of the com and his Mark, and Place of Abode, with the Wardens of such Company of that City or Place where an inhere anal Assayer is or shall be appointed; which shall be done by the said Wardens, upon Demand, without Fee; s appointed, or Reward; and if any such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plateworker, shall not enter his name, and Penalty on Cold mark, and Place of Abode as aforesaid, or shall strike any other Mark on Plate, but what is so entered, smith, C such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plateworker so offending, shall forfeit double the Value of the Plate so marked, to be recovered and disposed as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any person shall counterfeit any off the Stamps appointed by Penalty on Per

this Act to be used by the said Wardens or Assayers for marking Wrought Plate, or any of the Stamps (on counterfat used by the Wardens of the Company of Goldsmiths of the City of London, such Person shall for every «nrepraus)' and' such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and disposed as aforesaid. loal.inflifledby

IX. And whereas it is not the Intent and Meaning of this Act to hinder any Goldsmith, Silversmith, i2ceo. 2. c. 26.' 4 or Plateworker, not inhabiting within any of the Cities aforesaid, from exercising his or their Trade of Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plateworker; 'yet for preventing of Abuse and Corruption therein, it is -

hereby further enacted, That all and every Goldsmith, Silversmith, and Plateworker, inhabiting in any gowfmlth, C or Place, where an Assayer is not or shall not be appointed, elected, or chosen, shall first six miiicm AI his or their Mark upon all his and their Plate which shall be made from and after the said nine and twen hilpiatt'&c!and ficth Day of September (except such Things as by reason of their Smallness are not capable of receiving then send it to be / vpl. IV JC the allayed,

If Standard af sayers to mark the same, and have'6 d. per Pound Troy.

Penalty on Gold jmith, 5; C

7 W. 3. C 7.

Continued for eleven Years.

It & 14 Car. 2 C aj.

j8 Car, s. C 3.

eg & .30 Car. 2,

C 2.

J Jac. e. C 14.

7 & 8 W. 3.

17-

Continued for eleven Y cars.

and deemed Tubliclc Adds, io Geo. 1. C 1

C 5, 6. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

the Touch) and shall then bring or send the same to some City or Place where an Allayer is or shall be appointed, ejeded, or chosen, and the same shall be there allayed according to this Act j and if by the said Assayer it shall be found to be of the Fincness of the Standard, which for the Time being is or shall be by Law appointed for wrought Plate, then the same shall be marked by the said assayer, as he is by this Act required to mark the Plate of the respective Company by which he shall have been chosen an Assayer; and shall be allowed, satisfied and paid towards his Charge and Trouble in making such Aflays, by the Owner or Owners, Bringer or Bringers of such Plate so ailaved, a Sum not exceeding sixpence for every Pound Troy, and so proportionally for every greater or lesser Quantity of Plate so allayed and marked; and if any such Goldsmith, Silversmith, or Plateworker shall work or make, or cause to be wrought or made any Silver Veiled, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver less in Fineness than according to the Standard, which for the Time being is or shall be by Law appointed for Wrought Plate, or shall put to sale, exchange, or sell any Silver Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver, made after the said nine and twentieth Day of September (unless it be such Things as in respect of their Smallness are not capable of receiving at ouch) before such Vessel, Plate, or Manufacture of Silver shall be assayed and marked as aforesaid, every such Goldsmith, Silversmith, and Plateworker so offending, shall forfeit the said Plate, or the Value thereof, to be recovered and disposed as aforesaid.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing a former atto prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

WKEREAS in the first: Session of the Parliament begun the two and twentieth Day of November in the seventh Year of his present Majesty's Reign, an Act was made, intituled, An Act to prevent false ami double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, which is thereby enacted to continue for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer; ' which said atlas been found by Experience to be very useful for the Preservation of the Rights of the several Counties, Cities, and Boroughs of this Kingdom, in the Election of Members to serve in parliament be it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, and every Clause therein contained, shall hereafter remain and be in full Force, and is hereby continued, for and during the Term and Space of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. VI.

An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

WHEREAS in the Session of Parliament, held in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of our late Sovereign King Charles the Second, an Act was made, intituled, An Act for preventing of Tleft_ and Rapine upon the Northern Borders England, which was thereby to continue in Force for and during the Term of five Years; And whereas another Act was made in the eighteenth Year of the said late King, intituled, An Act to continue a former Am, to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders England; which Acts were revived and continued by another Act, made in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of the said late King, intituled, An Act for continuing of two former Ams for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders England, for and during the Space and Term of seven Years, and also from thence until the End of the first: Session of the then next Parliament; which three aforementioned Acts were continued by an Act made in the first Year of the late King James the Second, for and during the Space and term of eleven Years, and also from thence until the End of the first Session of the then next Parliament; and were further continued by another Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, for and during the Space and Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the first: Session of the next Parliament; which Laws have been found necessary for the Preservation of those Places from that great Number of lewd, disorderly and lawless Persons, that usually frequented and infefted those Parts, and are now near expiring Be it therefore enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Acts, and all and every of them, and all and every Matter, Clause and Clauses therein contained, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given, be and continue, and are hereby continued in full Force, from and after the Expiration of the la ll mentioned, Ad, for and during the Space and Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer.

II. Provided always, and be' it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Acts shall be accepted, taken' and reputed to be General and Public Acts of Parliament, of which all and every the Judge and Judges of this Kingdom in all Courts shall take Notice on all Occasions whatsoever, as if they were Public Acts of Parliament relating to the whole Kingdom 3 anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1700. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III C 7. hj

CAP. VII.

An Act for the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the House at Westminster, called Cotton House, in the Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Public.

WHEREAS Sir Robert Cotton, late of Connington, in the County of Huntington, Baronet did at Lis own great Charge and Expense, and by the Assistance of the most learned Antiquaries of his Time, collect and purchase the most useful Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records,

and other Memorials in most Languages, of great Use and Service for the Knowledge and Preservation of our Constitution both in Church and State; which Manuscripts and other Writings were procured,

as well from Parts beyond the Seas, as from several private Collectors of such Antiquities within this Realm, and are generally esteemed the best Collection of its Kind now anywhere Extant: And where as the said Library has been preserved with the utmost Care and Diligence by the late Sir Thomas Cot ' tonne. Son of the said Sir Robert, and by Sir John Cotton of Westminster now living, Grandson of the said Sir Robert, and has been very much augmented and enlarged by them, and lodged in a very proper Place e in the said Sir Johns ancient Manfton House at Westminster, which is very convenient for that Purpose:

whereas the said Sir John Cotton, in pursuance of the Desire and Intentions of his said Father and Grandfather, is content and willing that the said Manfton House and Library should continue in his Family and Name, and not be sold, or otherwise disposed or imbeziled, and that the said Library should be kept and preserved by the Name of The Cottonian Library, for public Use and Advantage Now To be called the for the better settling and alluring the same, according to the Desire of the said Sir John Cotton, and Cottonian List his Request; it enacted by the King's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con brar>r» sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and immediately after the Death of the said Sir John Cotton, the said Manfton an' after sr, House, with the Gardens, and all other Appurtenances, and also all the said Library or collection of Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, and other Memorials, all which are particu House' '

mentioned and named in a Schedule now remaining in the said Library, together with all Coins, Library, C Medals, and other Rarities and Curiosities in the said Library now remaining, be settled, limited, and, vested in the trustees hereafter named, to have, hold and enjoy to them and their Successors for ever, shall be veiled in' to the Uses, Intents and Purposes following (that is to say) As for the said House, Gardens and Appur Trustees, to the tenances, other than the Room where the said Library now is, or hereafter may be lodged, and a conve u(es following, nient Way, Passage and Resort to the same, at the Will and Discretion of the Heirs of the Family, and the Library hereafter mentioned, to the only proper Use and Behoof of John Cotton, Esquire, of Conning John Cotton tonne, Grandson and Heir of the said Sir John Cotton, and after his Decease, to the first and every Son and lquire of Con sons of the Body of the said John Cotton, to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Body of such Son nlngton or Sons issuing successively; and for Default of such Wire, to the Use of Thomas Cotton, Brother of the Thomas Cotton; said John Cotton, for the Term of his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the first and every Son and Sons of the Body of the said Thomas to be begotten successively, and to the Heirs Males of such Son or Sons; and for Default of Issue, to Robert Cotton of Giddin in the County of Huntington, Esquire, Son of Robert Cotton the said Sir John Cotton, for the Term of his natural Life; and after his Decease to John Cotton, Son of of Giddin > the said Robert Cotton, for his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the first and every Son and Sons of Jolin Cotton, the said John to be begotten successively, and the Heirs Males of their Bodies issuing; and for Default of such issue to all and every the other Son and Sons of the said Body of the said Robert to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of such Son of Sons successively; and for Default of such Issue to Sir Robert Cotton, of S robert Cot hattlcy Saint George in the County of Cambridge, Knight, for his natural Life; and after his Decease, toton> the first and every Son or Sons of his Body to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of such Son or Sons issuing successively; and for Default of such Issue, to Philip Cotton of Connington in the County of Cam Philip Cotton; 'bridge, Esquire, for his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the first and every Son or Sons of his Body to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of such Son or Sons issuing successively; and for Default of such Issue, to Thomas Cotton of Cotton in the County Palatine of Chester, Esquire, for the Term of his na Thomas Cotton tural Life; and after his Decease, to the first and every the Son and Sons of his body, to be be of Cotton; gotten, and the Heirs Males of such Son or Sons issuing successively; and for Default of such Issue, to the right Heirs of John Cotton, Grandson and Heir of the said Sir John Cotton, forever: Andes for and concerning the said Library, and the Room wherein the same is or shall be contained, together with a convenient Passage for resorting thereunto, upon this Trust and Confidence, that the said Trustees and Trustees to in their Successors shall and will from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, as Occasion shall require, fjestand take inspedit, consult, and take Care of the said Library, and other Particulars abovementioned, and also make t^clal<! and appoint such Orders and Rules as they shall think proper, for the reading and using the same, and iaiy' c' for their better Preservation, and to the Intent and Purpose that the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, shall nominate and appoint a good and sufficient Person, well read in Antiquities and and appoint ali records, to have the immediate Care and Custody of the said Library; which Person so nominated brary Keeper, shall, before he takes upon him the said custody and Employment, give Security to the Value of five who shall give hundred Pounds by Recognisance, with sufficient Sureties, that none of the Manuscripts, written Security, Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, or other Memorials, whose Names and Titles are in the said Schedule, shall be lost, or otherwise imbeziled; and shall also, before he take upon him the said Custody and Employment, take the Oath following before the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper ofan!3 ta'£e the

K 2-'- the lowing Oath.

68 C 8, 9. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

the Great Seal of England for the Time being, in open Court, who is hereby empowered and required to administer the same, viz.

1a. B. do swear, That I shall and will during my Continuance in the Employment of Keeeper of the Cottonian Library, use my utmost Care and Endeavour for the preserving of the same; and will not willingly or wittingly permit or suffer the same, or any of the said Books, Papers, Parch - ments. Records, or other Particulars contained in the said Library, to be given away, aliened, disposed, or otherwise imbeziled.'

So help me God.

House and Libra ry, C not subject to Judgments, C truaecs.

Bargains, &c. of any manuscript, Sec, in the said Library made void. Library Keeper to make a new Schedule of the Manuscripts, &c. and inroll the same in chancery,

without Fee: Saving the King's Right, C

5 Ann, C 30.

II. And it is hereby further cnahed, That the said House, with the Appurtenances, and the Library, and other Particulars aforesaid, shall never be subject or liable to any Judgments, Statutes, Recognizances,

or any other Encumbrances, nor shall ever be sold or aliened, forfeited or forfeitable, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever: And further, That the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper for the Time beings the Honourable Robert Harley Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons, and the Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench for the Time being, Sir Robert Cotton of Hatley Saint George in the County of Cambridge Knight, Philip Cotton of Connington in the said County Esquire, Robert Cotton of Giddin in the County of Huntington Esquire, and William Hanbury of the Inner Temple London Esquire; be the Trustees to and for the Purposes aforesaid; in case of the Decease of any of the said lall recited four Persons, the said John Cotton, or other Heir Male of the said Family, who shall be in Possession, or intituled to the Possession of the Marifion House by the Limitations above recited, shall nominate and appoint one or more fit persons to succeed him or them, and supply the Place of him or them so dying.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, for the better securing and preserving the said Library, That all Bargains, Sales, Gifts, Grants, Devises, or other Alienation whatsoever, of any of the Manuscripts, Parchments, written Papers, Records, or other Memorials in the Schedule now remaining in the said Library, and also of all Coins, Medals, and other Rarities in the said Library contained, are hereby declared to be absolutely void and of none effeh: And further. That within six Months after any Library Keeper shall undertake the said Office, he shall cause another Schedule to be made in Parchment, which shall contain not only the Names and Titles of all the said Manuscripts, Parchments, written Papers, Records, 'and other Memorials, but also the Number of the Pages and folio's thereunto belonging, and cause the same to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, as also the Names of all such Coins, Medals, and other Rarities as he shall find contained in the said Library; which said Inrollments so to be made, shall be taken and received in the said Court without any Fee or Reward for the same.

IV. Saving nevertheless to his Majesty, and all Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and successors, and all and every other Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators (other than the said Sir John Cotton, John Cotton the Grandson, and John Cotton, and all claiming from, by or under them, 'or either of them) all such Right, Title and Interest, as they or any of them might have or, claim, if this Act had never been made; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

PR.

Enlarged by 30 Ann. C 24, §. 1/

CAP. VIII.

EXP. An Act for raising the Militia for one Year, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

"j \> -

IX

An Act for the recovering, securing, and keeping in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and support of the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom. Duties to be paid for Wool, Gr. exported or imported into the Port of Minehead. For Wool a Halfpenny per Stone, and for Woollen and Bay Yarn one Penny per Stone. Stone to contain 18 /. All other Goods 6d. per Tun. Ship, Gr.

11 Geo. 2. C S. drove into Minehead by stress of Weather, to pay Tunnage and Keelage, viz. Coalling Ship, Grof 30 Tuns 1 s. of 50 Tuns 2j. of 30 Tuns, Gr. trading to Ireland, Gr. 2, s. 6d. of 50 Tonnes, Gr. 5*. trustees appointed. In case of Death, Gr. surviving Trustees may eleh new ones. Trustees may make Orders, direh the disposing of the Duties, Grand appoint collehors, Gr. No Entry, Gr. to be taken until Duty hereby granted be paid, Gr. Person authorised may go on board any Ship, Gr. demand the Duties, and on Nonpayment distrain, Gr. Twelve Pence per Pound allowed for collehing. collehor to enter in a Book all Receipts and Disbursements, Gr. to be Hated yearly, and delivered to the Trustees on Oath. Trustees may convey the Duties as a Security for Moneys to be borrowed, Gc. Lord of the Manor of Minehead to appoint a Water Bailiff, who is to be sworn. Duties to be paid to the Lord of the Manor after Expiration of the Term. AH not to take away the ancient Rights of the Lord of the Manor. An Account of all Expenses, isc. disbursed by the Mayor, GY. of Bridgewater, the additional Duty, GY. received on Goods, Gr. shall be entered in a Book, Gr. collehor at the Quarter sessions for the County of Somerset, yearly, shall bring in the said Book, Gr. Justices to fur yey the Accounts, Grand examine upon Oath. When Bridgewater Key shall be repaired, Gr. additional Duty to cease. Power given to Undertaker for repairing Birdlip Highways, GY. to Gloucester, veiled in Justices of Peace, Gr. Moneys received to be paid to the Justices or Order. Distress on Nonpayment. AH not to prejudice any Security for Money lent. Highways to be repaired within the Time limited. P R.

A.D. 1700. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Gulielmi III C 10. 69

Cap. X

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the Expense of his Navy, Guards, and Gariifons for one Year and for other necessary Occasions. 2 s. in the Pound.

LXXXIX AND be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of the House of Com after Dissolution A mons, from and after the Dissolution of this present Parliament, shall be capable of being of this Paflia" a Commissioner or Farmer of the Customs, or of holding or enjoying in his own Name, or in the Name {^7fhau°bca' of any other Person in Trust for him, or for his Use or Benefit, or of excuting by himself or his Deputy, commissioner, any Office, Place, or Employment, touching or concerning the farming, collecting, or managing the cof Customs. Customs.

XC. And be it further enacted, That if any Member of the House of Commons, from and after the Member execu dittolution of this present.parliament, shall, during the Time of his being a Member of Parliament, by culmnbta"able himself or his Deputy, or any other in Trust for him, or for his Benefit, take, enjoy, or execute any Of Offit°g" Capa e fice. Place, or Employment, touching or concerning the farming, managing, or collecting the Customs, such Person is hereby declared and enacted to be absolutely incapable of sitting, voting, or adding as a Member of the House of Commons in such Parliament.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth No Officer of the Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, no Commissioner, Collector, Comptroller, Searcher, Customs to influ or other Officer or Person whatsoever, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, levying or ma cnccanyelcftion naging the Customs, or any Branch or Part thereof, shall byword, Meilage, or Writing, or in any 01" em ers' other Manner whatsoever, 'endeavour to persuade any Eledfor to give, or diifwade any Elector from giving his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Knight of the Shire, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron, of any County, City, Borough, or Cinque Port to serve in Parliament; and every Officer, or other Person offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the penalty> other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, to be recovered by any Person that shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majes Farther prtmifi ty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than concerning one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person convict on any such Suit, of the said Offence, shall Fasttament, thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any Office or Place concerning or \afn relating to the Customs, or any other Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under his Majesty, his Heirs $am.'c. 5. or Successors. 10 amt. c. 19 j

&23.

X Geo. J. Jit, z, C 38 56. 2 Geo. 2. f, 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. 8 Geo. 2. c. 30.9 Geo. 2. c. 38. U Geo. 2. c. 24. 13 Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. c. 22, 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. C 20#

XCIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of King Willi i WM. ff. i.' ' am and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corn, it is enacted, That C I

all Persons who should export out of this Kingdom, into Parts beyond the Seas; any of the Sorts of Grain therein enumerated, when the Prices of such Corn at such Places were under die Rates therein set, should have paid them by the Commissioners, Farmers, or Collectors of his Majesty's Customs of the Port from whence such Corn was exported, upon a Certificate thereof, and Proof upon Oath, according to the Intent of the said Act, the Sum of five Shillings for every Quarter of Wheat, ground or unground; three Shillings and sixpence for every Quarter of Rye, ground or unground; and two Shillings and sixpence for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, ground or unground: And forasmuch as in many Ports and Places on the Coast of this Kingdom, where such Corn is exerted to Parts beyond the Seas, there is not so much Money received by the Collectors of the Customs arising by the Duties chargeable with the Moneys given for the Encouragement of the Exportation of Corn, as is or may be sufficient to pay or discharge the same, according to the Intent of the said Act, so that there are great Arrears in several Ports, whereby the Owners of Land, and Exporters of Corn, are under greatdif advantages in the Sale of their Corn in those Parts, and cannot have the Benefit of the said Act, as'X others in other Places have, where such Allowance is duly paid, according to the Intent thereof for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Collector, of the Customs of any Allowance on such Port shall not have sufficient in his Hands to satisfy and pay such Sum or Sums of Money (which the Exportation are or shall be due to any Exporter, by Virtue of the said Act, arising out of the Customs and Duties out of Com by 1 w, of which it ought to be paid, upon demand, according to the Intent of the said Act, that then such col ledtor shall give to the Person demanding such Sum or Sums of Money (without See or Reward) a Certi wt e pal ficate under his Hand of what is due to such Person for the Corn exported from such Port, certifying to the Commissioners of the Customs at London, that he hath not Moneys in his Hands sufficient to pay the same; which Certificate being affixed to the Debenture for the Corn so exported, and being produced to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Customs at London, they the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required, on demand 'by the Person that shall bring the same, to cause the Moneys thereby due to be paid in three Months by the general Receiver or Cashier of the Customs, out of such Moneys as shall be in his Hand, arising out of such Customs or Duties in the said Port of London, as are chargeable with the Payment of any Money for the Exportation of Corn, according to the said Act, without Fee or Reward; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

C 11. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi 111. A.D. 1700.

6 Continued and made perpetual

3 & 4 Anna?, C

5 Anns, C 19.

1 Geo. 1. c. 12.

From 24 March 3700. until March 1706. Excite to be paid for Low Wines, C

Every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits 4d.

Low Wines, C drawn from "wah, C 1 d, per Gallon, or from Brewers Wash 1 d. per Gallon, or from any otherenglish Materials three halfpence per Gallon.

Duties to be collected and paid according to is Car. 2. C 24. 7w. 3. C 30. Powers in the aforesaid Acts continued

Distiller on Oath exporting Brandy, drc. drawn from malted Cgr.7, C

to be allowed 3d, pgr Gallon on Exportation

CAP. XI.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, 'and Pictures, and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and the Duty of fifteen per Centum upon Mullins, and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned.

MOST Gracious Sovereign, we your majesty's moss dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, as a further Supply for your majesty's necessary Occasions, have given and granted unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties herein after mentioned, and do moult humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one t'noufand seven hundred, and until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, and no longer, there shall be paid by way of Excise, unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for all Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn by any Distiller or other Person making or drawing Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale or Exportation; within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Rates and Duties following, over and above the Duties payable for Spirits perfectly made; that is to say,

II. For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture therewith, fourpence.

III. For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the rirft Extraction, made or drawn only from any Sort of Drink or Walk, brewed or made from any Sort of Malt or Corn, other than and except Brewers Wash and Tilts, one Penny.

IV. For every Gallon of Law Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from Brewers Wash or Tilts, or any Mixture therewith, one Penny.

V For every Gallon of Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, made or drawn from any other Sort or Kind of English Materials, or any Mixture therewith, three halfpence.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties hereby imposed on the Liquors aforesaid, shall be raised, levied, collected, recovered, and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and successors, during the Time before mentioned, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures as are mentioned, expressed, and directed, in and by one Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, andte nures in Cap he and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, and in and by one Act made in the seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon Low Wittes or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for preventing the Frauds and Abuses of Brewers, Difillers, and other Persons chargeable with the Duties of Excise, or by any other Law now in Force relating to the Revenue of Excise, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by the said acts, and every' or any of them, are provided, settled of established, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, and ascertaining/the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than and in such Cases for' which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering and paying the several Rates and Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, hereby imposed, during the Continuance of the same, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly again repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And for the Encouragement of Distillers and others to brew and make Spirits and Brandies from Drink brewed or made from malted Corn, and to export the same, as Merchandizes, into Parts beyond the Seas; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Distillers, or others, upon Oath made before any two or more of the Commissioners of the Excise for the Time being, or two or more 3ustices of the Peace for the County or Place from whence any Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters made from malted Corn only, shall be exported (which Brandy, Spirits or Strong Waters, shall have been made, during the Time before mentioned) that the same were or was, made and drawn from Drink brewed, or made from malted Corn, without any Mixture with any other Materials, and that the same is not mixed with any Low Wines not drawn a second Time, nor with any ofher Brandy or Spirits made from any other Materials, either native or foreign, and that the Duties for the same are paid or duly entered in order to be paid, and that the same, and every Part thereof, are exported as Merchandise, and are to be spent beyond the Seas, to export such Spirits and Brandies made from Drink brewed or made from malted Corn only, as aforesaid, and upon Certificate under the Hands of the Officers of Excise for the Port or Place where such Spirits or Brandies were slipped off, of the Quantity so slipped, and that the same was slipped in the Presence of such Officers, such Distillers, or others, so exporting such Spirits or Brandies, shall be allowed ox paid back by the Commissioners of Excise for the Time

being

A.D. 1700. Anno duodecimo Sc decimo tertio Guglielmi III C 11.

being, or their Collector for the Port or Place where such Spirits and Brandies shall be so slipped off, out of the Duties on Low Wines, Spirits, and Strong Waters, and Aqua Vita, for every Gallon of such Spirits or Brandy so slipped off, the Sum of threepence,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a certain Cause in an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the difilling of Brandy and Spirits from Corn, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines or Spirits of the firs Extraction, relating to Strong Waters, Brandies, Aqua Vita, and other exciseable Liquors brought from the Islands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark or Alderney, and all the Charges, Duties and Penalties, and every Article and Thing therein contained, shall continue and be of Force and Virtue during the Continuance of this act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clause was herein Word for Word repeated and enacted.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Penalties and Forfeitures, hereby imposed for any Offence relating to the said Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, shall be one Moiety to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same; and that the same Penalties and Forfeitures, for any Offence relating to the said Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, shall be recovered and levied by the same Ways, Means and Methods, as. any Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, are or maybe recovered by any of the Laws of Excise, or by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, protection or Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

X. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rates, Duties, additional Duties, impositions, and Sums of Money whatsoever, granted to his Majesty by the Act passed in the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport Service for the Reduction of Ireland, which were thereby charged or imposed upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures, or any other Matters or Things thereby charged, from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety five, until the second Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and which, by an act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, were continued from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and one, shall be continued from the thirtieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and one, and be raised, levied, cohe&ed, answered and paid unto his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six; and that the said act of the sixth Year of his Majesty's Reign, concerning the said Coffee and other the enumerated Commodities aforesaid, and all the Powers, Privileges, Provisions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles and Clauses therein contained (and not hereby altered) which were to have Continuance until the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and one, shall continue and be in full Force and effect, until the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six, and shall be practised and executed for raising, levying, collecting and answering the Duties hereby continued, for the Uses and Purposes in this act expressed, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

*. And whereas in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign an act was made for licensing of Hawkers and Pedlars, which act, and the Impositions therein contained, had Continuance till the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight; and in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign another act was made forlicenfing of Hawkers and Pedlars, which act, with the Impositions therein mentioned, were to continue from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one; 'It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, until the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, the Duties, Impositions and Sums of Money to be paid by every Hawker, Pediar, Petty Chapman, and such other trading Persons as are described in the said act of the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and all the Powers for granting Licences and other Powers, Clauses, Rules, Directions, Allowances, Penalties and Forfeitures, Articles, Matters and Things therein contained (and not hereby altered) shall be continued, and shall be practised, observed and put in Execution, from the said three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, until the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and six, as fully and effectually, as if the same were particularly repeated and again enacted by this present act; nevertheless the said Duties or Sums of Money to be paid by such Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen and others as aforesaid, shall he for the Uses and Purposes in this act expressed, and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; anything in the said resited acts, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duty upon Muffins, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, which was imposed by an act made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, whereby further Duties were laid upon wrought Silk, Muffins, and some other Commodities olperfia, China, and t'ne East Indies, which should be imported after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred, and before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, shall be continued for and upon all Muffins which from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, and before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom, of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, over

and

Clause in 2 W & IT, 2. e. g continued.

Penalties, how levied, C

Duties on Coffee, &c. and all Powers in 6 W 3. C 7. &9W. 3. C 14* continued till 1 May 2706. 7 Ann. C 7,

26.

8 W. 3. C r'

9 W. 3. C 27,

made for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Duties thereby paid, C continued until 24 June 1706.

Wholesale Traders in Bone Lace are not Hawkers within this Act Geo. X C 6.'

XI. w. 3. C rs concerning dutj on Muffins, continued until 30 Sept. ijo6i'

If Muslins for which Duty is paid be again exported within 12 Months, Duty to be repaid.

These 12 Months enlarged to three Years by 7 Geo. i. stat. j. C 21.

§' II

Species of Mullins.

What is meant by painted Calicoes, C in the Act 11 W; 3* C 3*

Duties on japanned and lacquered Goods imported shall be paid ad valorem,

as prescribed in the Act II & 12 W. 3. C 3. and applied to the same Uses, C

18 Car. 2. C 5. 25 Car. 2. C 8. j Jac. a. C 7.

4w. & M. C 24.

for encouraging of Coinage, continued for seven Years.

Farther continued by ly Geo. 2. C 14. & zj Geo. 2, CII

Proviso concerning Distiller, C

No Person to sell Brandy or other distilled Liquors by Retail, without Licence.

By 1 Annae, Hat. 2. C 14. this Clause is repealed as to piftillers.*

C ir. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

and above all other Duties payable for the said Muslins; that all the Rules, Directions, Powers, Allowances, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said last mentioned Act contained (and not hereby altered) for or concerning the ascertaining, securing, levying or raising the Duties thereby imposed, shall be revived, practised and put in Execution, for ascertaining, securing, levying and raising the Duties upon Muslins hereby imposed during the Time aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

XIII. Provided always, audit is hereby enacted, That if the said Muslins hereby charged, or any of them, upon which the said further Duties of fifteen Pounds in the hundred are paid or secured to be paid as aforesaid, be again exported at any Time or Times within twelve Months after the Importation thereof, and that due Proof be first made upon Oath, that the Goods or Merchandizes so exported be the lame for which the said Duties are paid or secured to be paid as aforesaid, then and in such Case, and not otherwise, the same Duties hall without any Delay or Reward be repaid by the receiver-general of his Majesty's Customs for the Time being, out of such Moneys as hall be in his stands of the said Duties of fifteen Pounds per Centum arising by this Act, unto the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, making the said Exportations, or the said Security shall be vacated as to so much of the tiid Goods' or Merchandizes as shall he so exported; anything in this Act, or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And' it is hereby declared, That by Muslins, the several Species following are meant, viz. Awbroaks, Abdaties, Betelles plain, striped Pandavarts, Rowallew, Golconda, Oringall, Junays, and also Dorcas, cojjaes, plain and flowred Tanjebs, plain and flowred Jamdannes, Mullmulls, plain and flowred Jecolfies, Mamolwhiates, plain and flowred Neckcloths, Rch'tng, Sallows, Comervillcs, Secrbands, Night Rails, Aprons, Tirindames, Callico lawnsj and all other thin Calicoes, commonly called Muffins', and that by pointed, dyed and framed Calicoes, mentioned in the said Act of the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, for laying the said duty of fifteen Pounds per Centura on several Commodities from Persia, China, and the East Indies, are meant not only all Calicoes painted, dyed or stained, after the Weaving thereof, but all such whereof the Yarn or other Materials were painted, dyed or stained before the making of such Calicoes.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, charged or imposed upon all or any japanned and lacquered Goods which shall be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the four and twentieth Day of Jime one thousand seven hundred and one, shall be answered and paid, according to the true and real Value of the same, to be ascertained by the Gross Price at which such Goods shall be sold by the Candle, in such Manner and Form, and under such Rules and Directions, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the said Act of the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign are prescribed for ascertaining the said Duty upon Muslins; nevertheless the said Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods shall be applied and disposed to the same Uses and Purposes to which the respective Duties upon the same Goods, payable in any other Manner, by the said former Act or Acts were appropriated or applicable.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for encouraging of Coinage, and another Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles, intituled, An Act for continuing a former Act concerning Coinage, both which said Acts were revived by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, and were further continued by an Act made in the fourth Year of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen of blessed Memory, to be in Force for the Space of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, shall he and are by virtue of this Act continued, and shall be in Force for the Space of seven Years, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer, to defray the necessary Expenses of his Majesty's Mint,

XVII. Provided also, That no Information shall be brought, laid or prosecuted against any common Distiller, vinegar maker or cyder maker, for any False or Mif entry, or Offence made or committed, from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, unless the same Information or Informations be laid and entered before such Persons appointed to determine the same, within three Months next after every such Offence committed, and that Notice thereof be given to such Person or Persons (against whom such Information shall be laid) in Writing, or left at their dwelling houses within one Week after the laying and entering such Information, to the End a timely Provision may be had and made in defending the same; anything in this Act, or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.1

XVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, sell Brandy or other distilled Liquors by Retail, to be drank in his, her or their House or Houses, but such Persons, only as shall be thereunto licensed and allowed, in the same Manner as common alehouse keepers; and every Person or Persons so selling Brandy or other distilled Liquors by Retail as aforesaid, shall be subject to the same Rules, Penalties and Forfeitures for selling Drink without Licence, as common alehouse keepers noware; and the several Justices of the Peace of this Kingdom, and other Officers, are hereby empowered and authorised to have and exercise the same Jurisdiction, Powers and Authorities, over such

Retailors

73

Retailers of Brandy and other distilled Liquors, which they now have or exercise over common ale house kee^ers by any Law or Statute whatsoever.

XIX. And whereas by an Act made in the eleventh Year of his majesb/'s Reign, intituled An asifor it w. 3, C 15. C ascertaining the Measures for retailing Ale and Beer, it is enacted, That every Mayor or chief Officer of once; nne each City, Town Corporate, Borough or Market Town, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of ai^and Beer "8 ' June one thousand seven hundred, shall from time to time cause or procure all Ale Quarts and Ale '

Pints brought to him or them respectively to be measured, compared, sized and equalled with the Standard, and then signed, stamped and marked, as in the said Act is mentioned and described Be it enacted and declared, That nothing in the said recited Act contained shall extend, or be construed or taken to extend, to deprive the two Universities of this Kingdom, or either of them, of their Right, not to deprive Privilege and Usage of lizing, equalling, signing, stamping and marking of Measures for Ale and Beer, nich*

within their respective Limits and Jurisdictions, but that they and each of them respectively, shall and Right of may have and enjoy their said Right, Privilege, and Usage; thing in the said recited Act to the conc. their Men' trary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Cures.

XX. And for the preventing all secret and unlawful Importation of foreign Spirits or Brandy; be it Foreign Brandy enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any foreign Brandy or Spirits of any Kind whatsoever, shall or Spirits import from and after the nine and twentieth Day of scpte?nber one thousand seven hundred and one, be imported ed be forfeited, into this Kingdom, or be brought into any Port, Creek, or Haven of this Realm, in any Ship or vessel,

under the Burden of fifteen Tuns (except for the Use of the Seamen, on board such Ship or vessel only, not exceeding one Gallon for each Seaman) such Brandy or Spirits shall be forfeited, one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, the other Moiety to such Personas shall seize or sue for the same, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and King may bor

for his Majesty, or his Majesty's Officers in the Receipt of his Exchequer, to borrow or take in by way row 300>0001-of Loan to his Majesty's Use, on Credit of the said Rates and Duties upon low Low Wines or Spirits ^nacrcdlt of lhis of the first Extraction, and of the said Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, '

Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and any other Things therewith charged, as aforesaid, and of the said Impohtions and Sums of Money payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen,

and of the said further Duties imposed upon Muslins, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding three at 61. percent, hundred thousand Pounds, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corpo Altered for rate, as shall be willing to advance or lend the same, and that interest for the Forbearance thereof, not I, c°c^' "d exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for the first one hundred and fifty thousand for the other Pounds, and_seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the remaining one hundred and fifty thousand 130, 000). Pounds, which shall be solent, shall be allowed and paid out of the same Rates and Duties; and that Money lent not the Money so to be lent shall not be rated or assessed to any public Tax or Assessment whatsoever. to be taxe<i*

XXII. And to the end all the Money that shall be solent to his Majesty on the said Duties on Low Wines, and other the Duties before particularly expressed, may be well and sufficiently secured and re

paid with interest as aforesaid, out of the same, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys to b? the Moneys arising by the said Duties, upon which the said Loans are to be made, shall be brought and paid uldrwe?kl5', nt from Time to Time weekly into the Receipt of the Exchequer (that is to say) upon jvalncjday in every Auditor Centre Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then the next Day after that is not an Holiday; and that there the said Moneys shall be provided and kept in his Majesty's Exchequer (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the apart. Receipt, one Book in which all the said Moneys which shall be so paid into the Exchequer shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to his Majesty, his Elcirs and Successors, Cpon any Account whatsoever.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, upon making Tallies and or such Loans, as aforesaid, on Credit of the said Duties on Low Wines and other the Duties before menders to be levied cioned, as aforesaid, Tallies of Loan shall be levied for all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be rna, ^ntand lent, and that Orders according to the Course of the Exchequer, shall be drawn and signed for Repay ntcrtft aid ment of the same, and for Payment of such interest, as aforesaid, for the Forbearance thereof, (the said every three interest to be paid every three Months, until Satisfaction of the principal Sum; and that all and every Months, such Order and Orders, and the Moneys therein to be contained, or any Part thereof, shall be assignable Orders to be >» and transferrable, without Power of Revocation, so as the Alignments thereof be endorsed upon the re 'bne > c spective Orders, and entered or notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, in a

t ook to be there kept for that Purpose; and that a distinct Register shall he kept in the said Receipt of Exchequer, of all the said Orders of Repayment, not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, in which the said Orders shall be registered in Course, according to the Date of the Tallies respectively, without any other Preference of one before another; and that every Person shall be paid in Course as his Order shall stand entered in such Register Book, out of the said Duties upon Low Wines, and the said other prefet

Duties whereupon the said Loans shall be made, as aforesaid, which are hereby appropriated thereunto, rence, and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken for providing 'without See, or making any such Book or Register, or for any View or Search in the same, by any of his Majesty's Officers, their Clerks, or Deputies, on Pain of h orfeiting treble Damages to the Party grieved, to be re Pen lty. covered by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by any Person or Persons who will sue for the same, wherein no Elioin Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, or more than one Imparlance 'shall be

and registered in Course without

No undue Pre

granted or allowed, either for demanding or taking, any such Fee or Gratuity, or for giving any undue Preference in Point of Registry or Payment.

XXIV. Provided always, That if it half happen that several of those Tallies and Orders bear Date, Tallies bearda e or '3e route f me Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be regiftied, fit shall be. interpreted no un

the same Day, nor where Toiler pays subsequent Ciders, see.

but Interest to cealc.

Moneys lent on

3 2 Sc X 3 W. £. XO.

due prd crrence which of those be entered first.

XXV. Provided also, i'hat it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to iincur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor director theglerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand 'their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Per ions that did not come and demand their Moneys, and bring the ir: Orders in their Course, so as there.be so much Money referred as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them yet io as that Interest of Loan shall in that Case cease from the time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XXV. I and be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all the Money to be lent by virtue this and thefol of this Act upon Credit of the several Duties and impositions hereby granted, and all the Moneys arising owing cts, by this Act, of and for the same Duties and Impositions respectively (the Moneys of the said Duties and Impositions which are to go in Repayment of the Loans, and for Satisfaction of the Interest thereof, and the Charges of raising and levying the said several Duties and Impositions by this Act granted, always excepted) and all the Moneys lent at the Receipt of Exchequer, between the eighteenth Day of February, one thousand seven hundred, and the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, not exceeding seven hundred thousand Pounds, for which the Orders are.appointed to be transferred to the re gifter of Orders payable out of two third Parts of the monies arising by another Act of this present sefi iion of Parliament, intituled An a51for granting an Aid to his Majesty for defraying the Expense of his Navy, Guards, and Garisons for one Tear, and for other necessary Occafons, and all the Moneys which shall be further lent to his Majesty upon Credit of the said two third Parts of the' Moneys arising by the Act last mentioned, and so much of the said two third Parts, as after Repayment of all the Loans transferred made or to be made thereupon, and the Interest thereof, and the making of such Allowances as are to be made by the Act last mentioned, frail or may arise or be brought into the said Receipt of the Exchequer j and all the Moneys which shall be lent or advanced to his Majesty upon Credit of the weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds of lawful Englifo Money, by any other Act or Acts of this present of Parliament, to be taken out of certain Branches of the Excile, for five Years from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, and the Moneys arising by such weekly Payments (so much thereof as is to go in Repayment of Loans thereupon, and the Interest of such Loans, 33 W. 3. C 2, always excepted) and all the Overplus of the several Funds, which by certain Clauses in the Act for the Land Tax made in the eleventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, were appropriated for Sea Services therein particularly mentioned, and for Land Service in the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance, and far the Charge of circulating Exchequer Bills, and for half-pay to disbanded Officers, and for his Majesty's Guards and Garisons for one Year therein mentioned, and for Arrears due to the same; Which said Overplus is hereby declared to consist of so much Moneys as shall remain of those appropriated Funds, after the said Uses and Services are or shall be fully.satisfied and discharged, as the Act last mentioned did direct (the Money due and to be paid to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, out of the said Overplus Moneys, to make good the Deficiency of their Fund for the Year ended on the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred, only excepted) and all the Moneys to arise by the Arrears of the Subsidy of dunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Goods and Merchandizes imported and exported, which were granted for five year's, ending upon the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, and are.yet unsatisfied, over and above the Debentures and other legal Allowances which are to be first satisfied out of the said Arrears; and all the Moneys which from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, until the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, shall arise by the Duty of five Shillings per Tun upon French Shipping, pursuant to an Act of Parliament in that Behalf made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Ch a rlf.s 32 Car, 2. C 4. the Second; and all the several Duties which in one Year, to be reckoned from the last Day A march one thousand seven hundred and one, shall arise by virtue of the Act of Parliament made and passed in the 17 W. 3. C 20. seventh Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Duty upon tf//french Goods and Merchandizes, and all the Moneys which from the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, shall arise by the Duty of one Shilling and ten Pence for every Pound Weight of wrought Silk, which before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, shall have been imported from the East Indies, or Ferfia, pursuant to an Act of Parliament in 9w.3. c. 44. that Behalf made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign; and the Moneys which from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, until the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, shall arise by the Rents of Licences for Hackney Coaches, pursuant to the Act of Parliament in that Behalf (the necessary Charges of raising anil levying the said Arrears of the 5 & 6 W. & M. Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and the said Duties of five Shillings per Tun upon French Shipping, C and the said additional Duties upon French Goods and Merchandizes, and the said Duty upon wrought

Silks, and for the Execution of the said Act for licensing of Hackney Coaches, always excepted) and every of them, be and shall be appropriated and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated and ap in Manner and Form following (that is to say) Out of the said Aids, Supplies, Duties, Overplus to be a liej for Money, and other Moneys hereby appropriated, as aforesaid, there is and shall be applied for Sea Service Service.'(to w't) for Arrears of Wages due to Officers and Seamen of the Fleet, and for Payments upon the Re

Bounty Money, calls, two hundred thousand Pounds; for Bounty money to the Officers of the Fleet, and for the Ordinary

nary of the navy (excluding the Charge, of the Register for Seamen) one hundred and ninety thousand Pounds; towards extraordinary Repairs of the Fleet, ninety thousand Pounds; and for the Service of the Navy and the Victualling thereof, and for the Sea Service of the Office of the Ordnance performed, and to be performed, the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds; out of which Sum last mentioned, the Sum of twenty thousand Pounds shall be applied towards discharging a further Part of the Debt due for fcck and wounded Seamen; and out of all the said Aids, Supplies, Duties, Overplus Money, and other Moneys hereby appropriated, as aforesaid, there is and shall be also applied for Land Service, performed, and to be performed, by his Majesty's Office of Ordnance, twenty-five thousand Pounds; and to and for Subsistence, off reckonings, and Clearings to his Majesty's Guards and Garisons in England, and the Dominions thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) for one Year, from the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds; and to discharge Debts due to Clothiers and others incurred by reason of the extraordinary Expense of his Majesty's Guards and Garisons within the Year, ended upon the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, the Sum of forty thousand Pounds; and for one year's Pay of the Officers and Soldiers of twelve Battalions, intended for the Assistance of the States General of the United Provinces, and for the contingent Charges of the said Battalions for one Year and for levy money to raise five thousand. Recruits for the said Battalions, the Sum of one hundred eighty one thousand and thirty-three Pounds two Shillings, and sixpence; for the receiving, ilfuing, and paying of which Sum of one hundred eighty one thousand and thirty-three Pounds two Shillings and sixpence, or any Part thereof, the Officers in the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, or any of them, shall not demand or take any Fees or Reward whatsoever; and for Payment of seven Quarters Interest due at ladyday one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, upon the Malt Tickets remaining unsatisfied, a Sum not exceeding thirty seven thousand seven hundred eighty eight Pounds and one Shilling.; the same to be issued to the Paymaster of the Malt Tickets by way of Impressed, and' upon Account, for that Purpose; and for Payment of one year's Interest of the Loans remaining clue upon the frrft Aid of three Shillings in the Pound, which was granted to his Majesty, a Sum not exceeding thirty-three thousand eight hundred forty seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and five Pence; and for Payment of one year's Interest for the Moneys remaining unsatisfied, '.yhich were advanced upon Credit of the late Duties laid upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, a Sum not exceeding twelve hundred thirty-two Pounds; and for paying one year's Interest of the Money remaining due upon the third quarterly Poll Tax, which was granted to his Majesty, a Sum not exceeding eighteen thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds and twelve Shillings.; and for paying.one year's Interest of the Loans remaining unpaid upon the third Aid of three Shillings in the pound, which was granted to his Majesty, a Sum not exceeding seventeen hundred thirty-eight Pounds and seven Pence; and for eighteen Months Interest of the Principal Money remaining due and unsatisfied to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, upon the Register for the late Duties which were charged upon Leather, a Sum not exceeding fifty-two thousand nine hundred sixty six Pounds; and for and towards half-pay now due, and which shall grow due to disbanded Officers and Soldiers, a Sum not' exceeding, forty-one thousand Pounds; and for completing the sixty sixth Payment upon the Malt Tickets, so much as, together with the Moneys, of the Malt Duties resting in the Exchequer, and in the Hands of the Paymaster of the said Tickets, shall be sufficient to compleatithe Sum of ten thous.md Pounds Principal Money for the sixty sixth Payment, and the Interest thereof, and the Benefits attending the same; and for the Salaries of five Commissioners for stating the Accounts of the Army, Trans. pprt Debts and Prizes, and for incident Charges in the Execution of their Trurt, a Sum not exceeding three thousand and five hundred Pounds; and the proper Officer, and Officers concerned in the Payment of the said Malt Tickets are hereby required to endorse the Interest which shall be paid in purfinnee of this Act, upon every such Ticket, and to keep a fair.account of such Payments in a Boole for that purpose; the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now. being, and the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time, being, are hereby directed and authorised to issue and pay, or to assign by Tallies, or otherwise, as to them shall seem raofi expedient for his Majesty's Service, all the Moneys hereby appropriated as aforesaid, for which no other Credit is given, to the several Uses and Purposes by this at directed and intended as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, and to allow an Interest upon any such Tallies or Assignments, not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for any Part of the said Money, which shall be so advanced for the Purposes aforesaid, or any of them.

XXVII. And to the End the Sums, by this Act appropriated may not be diverted or applied to any other Purposes than are hereby declared and intended; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rules and Directions appointed and enacted in one Act made in the first year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesies an Aid of tipo Shillings in the Pound for one Dear, for the speedy Payment of Money thereby granted into the Receipt of the Exchequer by the Collectors and Receivers, and for the Distribution and Application thereof, and keeping distinct Accounts of the same, and all other Provisions, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures thereby enacted, in case of Diversion or milap plication of any Money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enacted to be in Force, and shall be practised, applied, executed and put in Ure, for and concerning the Distribution and Application of the said Sums hereby appropriated, as fully, amply and effectually, as if the same were here again particularly repeated and re enacted.

XXVIII. And whereas several Sums of Money have, during the Continuance of the late War against and fin.ee, been imprested at the Receipt of Exchequer to the respective Treal urers of the Navy, Capd to the several Paymasters of the Land Forces, for the Service of the said Navy and Land forces,

LI and

Repair?. of the Fleet, Navy. Victualling, and Ordnance. _ Sick and wounded Seamen.

Land Service, Subsistence to the Guards and Garisons.

Clothiers deht3.

Twelve battal lions.

Levy Money,

Seven Quarters Interest on Malt Tickets.

Loan Interest on the first 3s. Aid,

A year's Interest for the Money due on Vellum, Parchment, &c, Third quarterly poll.

Third 3 s. Aid

Leather Duties, half-pay to disbanded Officers and Solders.

A 66: h Payment of the Malt Tickets. Commissioners Salaries for stating the Army Accounts, 'See,

Treasury to pay the Moneys hereby appropriated or assign tali.es,

wi b Interest at 61. percent,

Rules in an ab 1 W. & M. ft. 2. C z. revived for the Appropriation of the Moneys hereby given

Treasurers of the Navy, and Paymasters of the Land Forces and their Officers, see. shall charge themselves on Oath with the inte eft moneys by them icceived in Tallies or Orders, e.

Charge to be examined by the Auditor of the kece'pt, and auefted, C

her provided lor by i Anna;, stat. j. C 13. §.21. and 2 & 3 Ann. C 17.'

Commissioners, C may compound with Collectors of Excise, Salt, C who have failed.

Moneys due to the four Marine Regiments to be discharged.

Heljen Arthur, Widow, may enter her Claim before the Trustees in Ireland, appointed by 11 & 12 Y. 3. C 2.

The like to any other Person, who hath prayed Relief, C

11 S: 12 W. 3, C 2.

C 11. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

and for the Service of several Offices subordinate to them, by Tallies of fictitious Loans, with Orders for principal Sums equal to the Sums so imprested, and for Interest thereof, at several Rates payable to the said respective Treasurers and Paymasters, or their Assigns, with Power to them respectively to make Alignments of or upon such Orders, for the respective Services aforesaid; 'it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid the said respective Treasurers and Paymasters, and all the Officers in the said subordinate Offices, who are to render Accounts for the Money so imprested in the Exchequer, shall fully charge themselves upon Oath (which the said Auditors of the Imprefts, or either of them, for the time being, have hereby Power to administer to the said Treasurers, Paymasters, and other Officers, and to their Agents respectively) with all the Interest Moneys by the said Treasurers, Paymasters, and other Officers respectively, or by their respective Agents, received at the Exchequer, or otherwise, for or upon Account of any such Tallies and Orders, or any of them, or any Part thereof, at any Time or Times before any Assignment or Alignments made of or upon such Orders, or any of them, by the said Treasurers, Paymasters, or other Officers respectively, which interest moneys ought, in Justice, to be accounted for to the Uses aforesaid, and shall specify therein every particular Sum. so received for Interest, and the Order or Talley upon which the same were so received, and the Persons to whom the Alignments were made upon the said Tallies or Orders, for which the said Interest was received; and that every such Charge shall be examined by the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer for the time being, with the Entries or Vouchers remaining in the said Receipt, and shall be attested by the said Auditor of the Receipt, who (if any Omission or Omissions be made in the said Charge) shall take Care to add and surcharge the same before the respective Account or Accounts of the said Treasurers, Paymasters, and other Officers before mentioned, shall be declared.

XXIX. And whereas many Persons who pay Duties of Excise and Salt, and some Collectors of the said Duties, and of the late Duties on Malt and Leather, have by Accidents failed in their Credit, and may hereafter fail, and they and their Securities become insolvent, being indebted to his Majesty for the said Duties, or for Moneys collected for the same, and though incapable to pay all the Moneys due or to grow due from them to his Majesty, may notwithstanding, by the Assistance of Friends and Relations, ' be capacitated to pay Part of their said Debts, which they would in many Cases do, if a Composition could be made for the same, and such Persons could be discharged of the Remainders of the said Debts; 4 but for want of sufficient Authority to make such Compositions, such Debts do and may frequently be come wholly and utterly loft: 'For Remedy "whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Tfiat it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them, or Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury for the time being, for any such Debts incurred before the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, to make such reasonable Compositions as to him or them shall seem meet, and upon Payment of the Money compounded for, in case he or they shall think it reasonable, by Warrant to the Commissioners of Excise, to discharge the Remainder of the Debt or Debts so compounded.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Moneys remaining due to the Officers and Soldiers of the four Marine Regiments lately commanded by Colonel William Seymour, Colonel Edward Dutton Coit (since deceased) Colonel Harry Mordant, and Colonel Thomas Brudenell, shall and may be discharged and satisfied to them or their Assigns, out of such Moneys as were issued to the Earl of Orford, late Treasurer of the Navy, for the Service thereof, and are still undisposed, or out of such Moneys as are or shall be issued for Wages to the present Treasurer of the Navy.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Hcllen Arthur, Widow and R el iff of Robert Arthur of Hacketts Town in the County of Dublin Esquire, deceased, to go into Ireland, and in Behalf of herself and of her Children, to enter her and their respective Claim and Claims before the Trustees appointed by an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and interejls tn Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, or before any Even or mote of them, to and for her and their respective Rights and Titles to any Manors, Lands, Tenements or Herediments, and to the respective Portions of the said Children, at any Time before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one: And further. That it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every other Person or Persons, who have, by Petition to the House of Commons, prayed Relief either for not entering his, her or their Claim or Claims within the Time limited by the said Act, or for not doing thereof according to the Directions of the said Act, and who are mentioned in the Report from a Committee of the Commons appointed to separate the Petitions relating to the said Irish Forfeitures, to enter his, her and their respective Claims before the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, in Manner and within the Time aforesaid; the said respective Claims being so entered, shall he heard, adjudged and determined by the said Trustees, according to the Direction of the said Act; anything i; i the said former Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. And whereas several Persons have exhibited Petitions to the House of Commons for Relief in diverse Matters relating to an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, far the several Purposes therein mentioned, which said Petitions have been by them referred to Sir Henry Sheers Knight, Francis Anne fey, and John Trenchard, Esquires, three of the Trustees in the said Act mentioned; and Reports have been thereupon made: And whereas it was resolved by the said House, that the said Petitions (except such Cases as are certified under the Hands of the twelve Trustees, and except such of the said Petitions as the Irish True ftees in England have certified the Matter of Fast to be true) be referred to the Trustees in Ireland to

examine

examine upon Oath the Matter of Fact, and represent the same to the said House; and the said House appointed a Committee to separate the same, according to the said Resolution, which were separated accordingly, and reported to the said House: And whereas some of the said Petitions now lie before the said House, upon the said Report, and the rest of them are to be further examined by the Trustees no minated by the said Act in order to ascertain the fats therein contained; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Estates, Rights, Titles, possessions and Interests claimed Petitions relating by the said Petitions, shall not be sold, aliened, transferred, removed, or prejudiced by the said Trustees [°wes r'and°'j in the said Act mentioned, or any of them, until after the End of the next Session of Parliament, except ferre(1) &<, such Claims as have been already adjudged by the Trustees; as to the said Petitions so to be further Lands shall not examined as aforesaid, the same are hereby referred to the Trustees nominated in the said Act, to examine be sold, C tilt the respective Allegations contained in the said several Petitions, ard to report the same within the Space the End of the of ten Days after the Commencement of the next Session of Parliament; and such Petitions as lie before j^ception!" the said House upon the said Report as aforesaid, they and pvery of them shall and may be proceeded upon, and taken into Confederation the next Session of Parliament.

Cap. xir.

An Act for appropriating three thousand seven hundred Pounds weekly, out of certain Branches of Excile, for public Uses, and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Houthold and Family, and other his necessary Occasions.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Stihfidy of Tunnage and Poundage, towards9W. 3. C 13.

raifng the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and other uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds was intended to be supplied to his Majesty, for the Service of his Household and Family, and for other his necessary Expenses and Occasions, out of the Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale,

and other Liquors, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the second, and out of the Rates and Duties of Excise on Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, 12 Car 2 C3* ' payable for the Term of his Majesty's Life, by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the second zw.&m, (ti. ' Year of the Reign of his Majesty and the late Queen of Blessed Memory, and out of the Revenue of C 3,

the General Letter Office, or Poll Office, or the Office of the Postmaster General, and out of the final]

Branches of his Majesty's Revenues herein after mentioned and expressed (that is to say) The first Fruits and tenths of the Clergy; the Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry, payable in the Alienation Office; the Poll Fines; the Revenue of the Wine Licences; the Moneys arising by the She ' rift's Profers and Compositions in the Exchequer, and by the Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods; the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall, and any other Revenue arising by the Rents of Lands in England or Wales, or for Fines' of Leases of the same, or any of them; and the Duty of four and half per Centum in Specie, arising in Barladoes, and the Leewards Islands in America; and out of the Moneys which should arise by the said Act for the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage: And it was thereby further enacted, That if the said great and small Branches and Revenues, herein before mentioned, should produce in clear Money more than the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds,

from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, then the Overplus of such Produce, being more than the said yearly sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, should not

be issued, disposed, made use of, or applied to any Use or Purpose, or upon any Pretext whatsoever,

without the Authority of Parliament, as by the said Act, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully

appear: And whereas the Necessity of the public Affairs doth require, that the weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds of lawful English Money for every Week, to be reckoned from the five

and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, and to be taken out of the said Hereditary

Revenue or Branch of Excise, and out of the said Duties of Excise, payable during his Majesty's Life, and either or any of them, be applied and disposed to and for the public Use and Service, during his

majesty's Life; and that the Moneys arising by such weekly Payments, during the Term of five Years,

4 to be accounted from the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, be now made a Security or Fund of Credit for raising thereupon any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, for the immediate Service of his Majesty's Navy, Guards, and Gar rifonc. Land Forces, and other public Uses; it is intended, that all the Rest and Residue of the said particular Branches of Excise, and all the said other great and small Branches and Revenues, herein before particularly enumerated and exprefibd, shall from the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, be for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and for other his necessary Expenses and Occasions, during his Majesty's life be it therefore enacted by the King's ir.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and From 2, nec after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, for and during the wholy, 1700. for 5 Term of five Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, the full, clear, and entire weekly Sum of three Years, 3700l. thousand seven hundred Pounds of lawful English Money, out of all the Moneys arising by the said Heredi Fer Weelc out of tary Duties of Excile, and by the said Duties of Excise payable during his Majesty's Life, and by every or ally of them, if all those Duties of Excise shall so long continue; and if the said Duties of Excise, pay utlss'

able

arising in the next W cek or Weeks, when the

78 C 12. Anno duodecimo & decimo. tertio Guglielmi. III A.D. 1700.

able during his Majesty's Life (which god long preserve) shall happen to determine before the End of the said Term of five years, then out of the Moneys arising entirely by the Laid Hereditary Duties of Excise, for and during all the Refiaue which shall be then to come and unexpired of the said term of five Years, '"ft shall be brought and paid by the Commissioners, Farmers, Receiver and Receivers General, for the Time manner"follow* te Duties of Excise (who are hereby enjoined and required to bring and pay the same ac

pg, eordingly) into the Receipt of Exchequer, distinctly and separately from all other Moneys whatsoever that

'perpetuated by are or shall be payable by them into the said Receipt; the same to be brought and paid into the said Re 1 Geo. 1. flat, eeipt in Manner and Form following (that is to say) The Sum of ninety six thousand two hundred

1. C j, §4-. Pounds for the first twenty six Weeks, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of December

A sanns, one tb°ufiln<i seven hundred, and to end upon ifednesday the five and twentieth Day of June one thousand C 2,: '3*seven hundred and one, hall be brought and paid into the said Receipt as by this Act is fp.eeially provi

6 Geo. 1. c. 4.' dead in that Behalf; and from and after the said five and twentieth Day. of June one thousand seven hundred and one, during all the then Residue of the said Term of five Years, the said weekly Sum or Payment of three thousand seven hundred Pounds shall, upon tveinesday in every.week, if it be not an Holiday', and: if it be, then upon the next Day that is not an Holiday, as one Week shall fueceitively and immediately follow and succeed another, be brought and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes in Weekly Defici this Act expressed; in case in any Week or Weeks the whole Receipt of the Moneys of the said feve

rncy (If any)'"'r' *-

})mv to be up plic4.

particular Branches of Excise, and evert' or any of the Receipt or Receipts will be sufficient to bear the same.

II. And as to the said Sum of ninety six thousand two hundred Pounds, to be reckoned, for the first' twenty six Weeks from the said five and twentieth Day of darr'/tirr one Thousand seven hundred, and ending upon wednesday the five and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted, That the said Sum of ninety six thousand two hundred Pounds shall be brought' apd paid into the Receipt of Exchequer out of the Duties of Excise. aforesaid, by two thousand three hundred Pounds a Week, for one and forty Weeks, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, successively, and by paying nineteen hundred Pounds, to complete the said ninety six thousand two hundred Pounds, at the End of the two and fortieth week, to be reckoned from the said five and.twentieth. Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, over and above the conflqnt weekly Payment of three thousand seven hundred Pounds aforementioned, for the purposes in this Act expressed; that all the Moneys hereby appointed to be weekly paid into the said Receipt as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall be applied and disposed, and the same are hereby appropriated, for and towards the Repayment and Satisfaction of the Sum not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thousand Pounds hereby authorised to be borrowed thereupon, and the Interest thereof, as is herein after mentioned, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding '>

of the III and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Rest, and itefidue of the said Blanches of ex particular Branches of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, which shall from Time to Time re t iie, &c. charge niain after the said weekly Payments shall be made, out of the same, and the said Revenues arising in th'e vearl" 'su of General Letter Office or Poll Office, and by the said final] Branches herein before particularly ex '00 ocov to b pressed, and by the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and all other the Branches and Reveller the use of n ues.herein before mentioned, which were chargeable with the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand iheking's House Pounds as aforesaid, shall, from Time to Time, during his Majesty's Life, be for the Use and Service, of holdajid Family, his Majesty's Houshold and Family, and for other his necessary Expences and Occasions; Act made in the ninth Year of his Majesty's Reign, herein before recited, or any Clause, Matter, or Thing therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. i <.

IV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That all and every the Clauses contained in the said recited'

Act of Parliament for, touching, or concerning the Overplus or Produce of the said Branches and Revenues, over and above the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, are and shall be repealed, void, and of none Effect

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise for

How the 96, 200 1. for the first 26 Weeks flijll he [aid into the Sheerer, fcc,

C

Clauses touching the Overplus in the at9W. 3f C 23. repealed.

Commissioners of Excise to make the said weekly Payments into the Exchequer

penalty

the Time being, at the Head Office in London, shall from Time to Time separate and keep apart all the Moneys arising by the said particular Branches of Excise herein before mentioned, as the same flfali, from Time to time, arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise by the Receivers or Collectors of the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and shall - of the Moneys fq arising, make the said weekly Payments into the Exchequer, for Repayment of Loans, and the Interest thereof, according to' pile Purport of this present Act.

VI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners of Excise for the Time being shall refuse or neglect to pay or eause to be paid into the Exchequer the said weekly Sums hereby appointed, or shall divert or misapply any Part of the Moneys which should make good the same, then they, and every of them so offending, shall forfeit their several Offices and Places, and be incapable to serve the King in any Office or Place of Trust or Profit, and shall be liable for every such Offence to pay double the Value of the Money so diyerted or misapplied, to any Person or Persons, who will inform or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record' fit tvejhi.'injier, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Laws or more than one Imparlance, shall be'

gra/ftod or alloyed, i' t, mj - A ... '. i

3. VIII A

A.D. 1700. Anno duodecimo 6c decimo tertio gclif.lmi III C 1 2,

VII. And be it enacted, That the Comptroller of the Excise for the Time being shall keep a pe; fcpl and distinct Account, in a Book or Books fairly written, of all the Moneys which shall and by the said particular Branches of Excise, out of which the said weekly Payments are to be made as aforesaid, as' the same shall from Time to Time arise or be raised (to which Books all Persons concerned shall, at all seasonable Times, have free Access, without Eee or Charge) and such Comptroller, in Default thereof, shall forfeit his Office or Place, and be re ndred incapable as aforesaid, and shall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Default, to any Person or Persons who will inform or fuofor the same, as is before mentioned.

VIII. And to the End the said weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, and all the Payments hereby directed to be made into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for or upon Account of the same, may be made a Fund or Security for borrowing thereupon any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, and for Repayment thereof, with Interest for the same, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the e shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer one Book, in which all the Moneys which ought to be paid in weekly as aforesaid, for or upon Account of the said weekly Sums out of the said particular Branches of Excise, and which shall be brought to the said Receipt, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid into the said Receipt, on any other Account whatsoever.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to his Majesty, at the said Receipt of Exchequer, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the Sum of eight hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, upon Credit of the weekly Payments hereby appointed to be made as aforesaid, out of the said particular Branches of Excise; and that Tallies of Loans shall be levied for all and every Sum and Sums of Money solent, and that Orders, according to the Course of the Exchequer, shall be drawn, signed, and issued for the Repayment of the same, and for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance of every such Sum of Money, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the first four hundred thousand Pounds, and seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the remaining four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds; which Interest: shall be payable every three Months from the respective Dates of the said Tallies of Loan, until the Satisfaction of the said respective Principal Sums; and all and every such Order and Orders, and the Moneys therein to be contained, or any Part thereof, shall he assignable and trasferrable, without Power of Revocation, so as the Alignments thereof be endorsed on the respective Orders, and entered or notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose; that all and every the Sum and Sums of Money so to be lent to his Majesty, upon Credit of the said weekly Payments, shall be free from all Manner of public Taxes and Impositions whatsoever; and that a distinct Register shall be kept in the said Receipt of Exchequer, of all the Orders for Repayment of the said Sum not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, in which all the said Orders shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates of the Tallies respectively, without any other Preference of one before another; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand entered in the said Register; and that all the Moneys to come in by this al, of or for the said weekly Payments appropriate! for Repayment of Loans, and the Interest thereupon as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the respective Lenders, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, a wording to the Dates of their Tallies, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose V hatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, direcllv or indirectly, be demanded pr taken for providing or making of any Books, Entries, Registers, Views, or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent upon the said weekly Payments, out of the said Branches of Excise, or Interest as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party aggrieved by the Party offending, with Costs of Suit, or if the Officer himself take and demand any such Fee or Reward, 'hen t: o lose his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this raft, in reference to the said Principal and Interest. payable out of the said weekly Sums charged on the Rid particular Branches of Excise, then the Party offending shall be liable, by action of Debt or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, Damages, and Costs. to the Party aggrieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without di rection or Privity of his Mailer, then such Deputy or Clerk shall also be liable to such Action of Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of any Place or Office; and in case the Auditor ft all not direct the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as afore directed, in reference to the said weekly Sum of three thou f.tnd and seven hundred Pounds, or the said Principal and Interest to be paid out of the same, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and they and their respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their deputies and Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, 'Plaint, or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at ivtjhninjhr, wherein no Elloin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint shall bq in any wise granted or allowed.

X Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Oiv tiers for Repayment of Money lent upon the said weekly Sums out of the said Branches of Excise, bear Date or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be regiflred, then it shall be interpreted ho undue Preference which of those he enters first, folie enters them all the same Day.

XI. Pro

J

Q

CI rrpti oiler of Excile o keep Account of al the Moneys au sing by the particular Branchs* of Excise, Penalty.

Auditor to entsr in a 1 00k the' Moneys brought in weekly.

Persons may lend 820, 000 T, on the weekly Payments, C

6 Geo. i. C 4 1. thefs

Annuities may taken in by the South Sea Company.'

Money lent not to be taxed.

No Fee tote ] taken, C

Penalty,

Penalty on Officer making undue Preference in Payment, C

Penalties how to be recovered.

No undue Preference where Orders bear Pate the same Cay,

8o

C 12. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1700.

nor if the Tellers

XI. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur pay fi.bsequent Point of the Payment last mentioned, if the Auditor direct, the Clerk of the Pells

Orders, scc. — t _ r .1. r. _ 1 r rr. j 1 -- a .1. i.

r

any Penalty in record, and the

Charge of cou

Moneys may he lent on the last

400, 000). be lent, See

Tellers do pay, subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to demand their Money, and bring their Orders, in their Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XII. Provided always, and it is "hereby enacted, That the Charge of collecting, managing, and levying

Icfting, &c. how the fajj particular Branches of Excise, and other Branches and Duties before mentioned, which were LI to da raye. able year]y Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, shall he born and defrayed out of the said

rett and residue of the same Branches and Revenues hereby appointed for the Service of his Majesty's Household and Family, and other his necessary Expenses and Occasions, as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, that if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, at any Time or Times after the passing of this Act, and before such Time as four hundred thou

oufftavt!" till an Pounds principal Moneys in the whole shall be first lent thereupon, hall be willing to advance and the preceding lend to his Majesty any Sum or Sums of Money, for or in Part of the Sum of four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, being the lad Part of the Sum not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, authorised to be borrowed upon this Act, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to make such Loans for or in Part of the said last four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, without staying till the preceding four hundred thousand Pounds shall be first lent; and that the principal Moneys upon the Orders of Loan, for or in Part of the faiu last four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, shall be registered and paid in Course as this Act directs, but shall take Place, in point of Registry and Payment, next after four hundred thousand Pounds principal Moneys, which shall be first registered, or be reserved to be registered upon this Act; and that the Interest of the said Loans, for or in Part of the said four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, so to (land last upon the said Regiiler, shall be paid every three Months from the respective Dates of the Tallies of Loans for the same, out of the said Moneys to arise weekly from the said particular Branches of Excise as aforesaid, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, for not duly registring or repaying the Moneys so to be lent, for or in Part of the said four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, or for not duly paying the Interest thereof, as are by this Act provided for not duly registring or repaying any other Part of the said Moneys, not exceeding eight hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, by this Act authorized to be borrowed, as aforesaid, or Interest of the same; arty Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

rrovlfoconcern

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Governor and Coming the Bmk of pany of the Bank of England, until such Time as they shall be fullfatisfied and repaid all the principal England, C Moneys which they shall lend upon Credit of this Act, for or in Part of the said Sum not exceeding four hundred and twenty thousand Pounds before mentioned, and the Interest thereof, shall not be obliged to make any Dividend or Dividends of the Moneys, which hereafter shall become due and payable to, and be received by, the said Governor and Company, their Servants and Agents, out of the Exchequer, or any public Office, upon or by virtue of any Tallies or Orders subscribed into the capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, pursuant to the Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the capital Stock of the Bank England, and for raising the public Credit, but at such Times only as shall be ordered by a general Court of the said Governor and Company; any Clause or Clauses, Matters, or Things whatsoever in the Act last mentioned, or in one other Act of the ninth Year of his Majesty's 3-0.3. Reign, intituled, An Act to give further Time for the adminijlring of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders,

i w.

w.

and for the easier Dfpatch of the public Business in the Exchequer, and in the Bank of England, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

In lieu of the

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted hv the Authority aforesaid, That in Lieu and dif petpetual annual charge of certain perpetual annual Payments, and of all Arrears thereof, granted by his late Majesty King Payments ut of Charles the Second, by Letters Patent, out of the said Hereditary Revenue of Excise, in Satisfaction of ca Kin E'ant' certain principal Sums mentioned in the said Letters Patent to be then due from his said late Majesty Charles z.s the to the respective Patentees therein named, the said Hereditary Revenue of Excise hail, from and after the Hereditary Ex twenty sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, be and land charged and chargeablp fe after 25 for ever with the Payment of annual Sums after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the stand char ell*1* pr'nc'pa' Sums mentioned in the said respective Letters Patent, to be issued and paid out of the said with the^eariy Revenue by quarterly Payments, out of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Officers of the Payments of same, unto the respective Owners and Proprietors of such annual Sums, and to their Heirs and Assigns

3), percent, for ever, without any Fee or Charge, and any further or other Warrant, to be issued forth, had, or ob

13 Geo. i. tained in that Behalf; the said annual Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, to be c. 3- 3* 7- subject nevertheless to be redeemed upon Payment of a Moiety of the principal Sums mentioned in the said respective Letters Patent.

Clmfe in 11 & '

XVI. And whereas by the Act passed in the Parliament held in the eleventh and twelfth Years of his

n W. 3. C ip, ' present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, all wrought Silks, Bengalis, Stuffs mixed with Silk, Herba, of the Manu fasture of Per fa, China, or East India, are prohibited to be worn after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, unless the same be before that Time made up and used

in

A.D. 1700. Anno duodecimo & decimo tertio Guglielmi III C 13. 81

in Apparel or Furniture; and Direction is by the said Abl given for bringing of all such Goods, as shall be imported after the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, into a public Warehouse, in order to the Exportation thereof; but no Direction is by the said Add given for bringing of such Goods into a public Warehouse, as should be imported before the said nine and twentieth Day of septemberfor Remedy whereof, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said prohibited Goods as shall have been imported into this relating to pro kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or i own of Berwick upon Tweed, before the thirtieth Day of hibl ed Goods, September one thousand seven hundred and one, and shall not before that Time be made up in Apparel cr Furniture, shall be subject to the same Rules and Directions for bringing thereof into one or more public Warehouse or Warehouses, and such other Provisions as are by the said Act given and directed, touching such of the said Goods as shall be imported after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, so as the said Goods be brought to such Warehouse or Warehouses, upon or before the tenth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and one.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable his Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of his Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same; and for Confirmation of Leases already made. All Leases, cs'r. made by Car. 2. Ja. 2. or W. & M. cof any Offices, Lands, C in the Duchy of Cornwall, shall be good in Law, C Proviso that they exceed not the Term of Lives or Years. Covenants, Uc. in Lease or Grant, Of C good in Law. Saving of Right to all Persons, Ofc. Tenant compounding for taking of any increased Rent, fsc. on Payment of composition money, increased Rent to cease, eking may make any further Grant of Grounds, Ofc. being Part of his Manor of Greenwich, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital.

Anno Regni Guglielmi III. decimo tertio.

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the thirtieth Day of December, Anno Dorn. 1701. in i*The former the thirteenth yer of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord WILL IA M the Third, by the Editions have it,

Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, C and con the thirteenth.'

tinued till the eighth Day of March following, on which Day he expired.

CAP. I.

An Act for reviving and continuing an Act, intituled, An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, EXP. examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of prizes taken during the late War.

CAP. II.

An Act for punishing of Officers and Soldiers, that shall mutiny or desert in England or Ireland, EXP,

CAP. III.

An Act for the Attainder of the pretended Prince of Wales of High Treason.

WHEREAS the pretended Prince of Wales hath, since the Decease of the late King James, by the Incitation and Encouragement of the French King (being bred up and instructed to introduce the Romish Superstition and French Government into these your majesty's Kingdoms) openly and traitorously, with Design to dethrone your Majesty, assumed the Name and Title of James the Third, King of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and caused himself to be so proclaimed in the Kingdom of France in manifest Violation of your majesty's most lawful and rightful Title to the Crown of these Realms, and of the several Abls of Parliament made, as well for recognising of the same, as for settling the Succession of the Crown, contrary to the Duty of his Allegiance, and to the diilurbing of the Peace to these your majesty's Kingdoms: To the End therefore that your majesty's good and loyal People of England, assembled in Parliament, may in the most solemn Manner express their utmost Resentment of so great an Indignity done to, your majesty's most sacred perfo.i and Government, and that the said Traitor may be brought more certainly and speedily to condign Punishment; may it please your Majesty that it may oe enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said pretended Prince of Wales (land and be convicted and Pretended Prince attainted of High Treason, and that he suffer Pains of Death, and incur all Forfeitures, as a Traitor con vised and attainted of High Treason. son°: S

II. And for preventing traitorous Correspondence between your majesty's Subjects and the said pretended Prince of Wales, orbis Adherents; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if King's Sulfas

holding Corre

fpgndence, C with him or with any employed by him, or remitting Money for his Use, gii^ty of High Treason

Offences committed out of the Realm may be tried in England.

& 8 W. 3* C 34.

continued for eleven Years.

EXP.

Duties on Malt, &c. from9Match 1701, to 24 June 1703.

Malt lid.per Bushel.

Mum 10 s. per Barrel.

C 4 — 5. Anno decimo teutio Guglielmi III A.D. 1701.

any of the Subjects of the crown of England? from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, hall, within this Realm or without, hold, entertain, or keep any Intelligence or cor respondence in Person, or by Letters, Messages, or otherwise, the said pretended Prince of Wales, or with any Person or Persons employed by him, knowing such Person to be so imployed, or hall by Bill of Exchange, or otherwise, remit or pay any Sum or Sums of Money for the Use or Service of the said pretended Prince of Wales, knowing such Money to be for such Use or Service, such Person so offending, being lawfully convicted, hall be taken, deemed and adjudged to be guilty of High Treason, and hall fuller and forfeit as in Cases of High Treason.

III. And be it further enacted, That where any of the Offences against this Act hall be committed out of this Realm, the same may be alleged, and laid, inquired of, and tried, in any County of this Kingdom of England.

CAP. IV

An Act for continuing an Act intituled, An Act that the Solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall he accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form.

"1x7 WHEREAS an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of his present Majesty's Reign, inti '^y, tuled. An Act that the Solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers shall he accepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form, was made to continue for seven Years, and from thence to the End ' of the next Senions of Parliament and the same will expire at the End of the next Sessions of Parliament after the two and twentieth Day of November nextnow for the further avoiding the Inconveniences in the said Act mentioned, to those People and their Families, Be it enacted by the King's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. that the said recited. Act, with all the Clauses and Powers therein contained, shall continue and be in Force for and during the Term of eleven Years after the Determination of the said Act, and from thence to the End. of the next Sdlion of Parliament.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by laying Dutie3 upon Malt, Mum, Cyder.

and Perry.

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons assembled in Parliament, 'for a;

further Supply for the necessary Defence of your majesty's Realms and Dominions, do humbly present your Majesty with the Gift of the several Rates, Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and.by the Authority of the same, That there hall be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied, unto and for the Use of his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, for ana' upon all Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, the several Rates Duties and Impositions herein after mentioned) (that is to say)

For and upon "all Malt, ground or unground (whether the same hall be made of Barley, or any other' Corn or Grain whatsoever) which any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Inkeeper, Victualler or Vinegar maker, within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Pales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, or for his her or their Use, shall be pofi effect of, or interested in upon the ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, the Sum of sixpence for every Bushel, and foin Proportion for every greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by such Person and Persons respectively.

For every Bushel of malt which at any Time or Times, from and after the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, and before the twenty-fourth Day of June which shall he in the Years our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, shall be made of Barley, or any other Corn or Grain, within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, by any Person or Persons whatsoever (whether the same be or be not for Sale) the Sum of sixpence,; and so proportionably for a greater or lefffer Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Makers thereof respectively.

For every Barrel of Mum, which at any Time or Times, from and after the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and three, shall be made or imported within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, J or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the Sum of ten Shillings (over and above all present Duties payable for the same) and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker or Importer j thereof respectively

for all Cyder and Perry, which at any Time or Times from and after the said ninth Day of Match one thousand seven hundred and one, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and three, hall be made for sale within the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town, of Berwick upon Tweed (over and above all other Duties payable for Cyder and Perry made

and,

A.D. 1701. Anno decimo teitio Gulieemi ill. C 5. (83)

and Sold by Retail) the Sum of four Shillings for every Hogshead, and foin Proportion for a greater or Cyder and Perry lcller Quantity, to be paid by the first Buyer or Retailer thereof. 4 j.perhogflead.

And for the avoiding of Disputes in charging of the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, Be it enacted and All Persons felling declared, That every Person who shall buy any Cyder or Perry, or any Fruit to make into Cyder Cyder wperry or Perry, and hall sell any of the Cyder or Perry so bought or made by the Hogshead, or any greater iecmldraa, lers or Idler Measure, shall during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer be deemed and taken to be a Retailer of Cyder and retry, and shall be chargeable with the Duties of all such Cyder and Perry.

And for the better ascertaining, charging, levying and collecting of all the said several and respective Duties to te under Duties hereby granted, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Du the Mtinagtimut ties and Impositions by this Act granted or imposed, as well upon Malt, as upon Mum, Cyder and Perry, fcct'p^{n shall from Time to Time, during the continuance of this Act, be within the Receipt, Management and Government of the chief Commissioners and Governors of the Receipt of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for the Time being; and that all inferior Officers, whether they be Subcommissioners,

Collectors, Supervifers, Gaugers, or others, that are or shall be constituted or appointed for ievying, receiving, collecting, or answering of his Majesty's Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, shall within the respective Limits or Districts, or in the several Places or Stations to which they are or shall be appointed, be also the Subcommissioners, Collectors, Supervisors, Gaugers, or other Officers respectively, for the several Duties by this Act granted; nevertheless, under the Government and Direction of the said chief Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, or the Major Part of them, who have hereby Power to dismiss or alter them, or any of them, and to make and constitute from Time to Time, such, and so many inferior Officers, for the said Duties hereby granted, and every or any of them, as to the Lid chief Commissioners for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall seem meet.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That r.ll and every the said Malfters or Makers v f

of Malt for Sale, Sellers, or Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers and Vinegar '^xdk 'oict Makers, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever, who in Trust for them, or any of ': e' them, or for the Use of them, or any of them, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her or their Custody or pofl ession, or in his, her or their Houses, Outhouses, Barns, Granaries, or in any other Place or Places, whatsoever, upon the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, any Parcel or Quantity of Malt whatsoever, shall on or before the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and two, make a true and particular Entry thereof at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which they shall then respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Malt, for which no such Entry shall have been made; and within six Days after he, she or they shall have made or ought to have made fuel) Entries, as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties hereby due or payable for such Malt to the proper Officer or Officers for receiving the same; or within the said six Days shall give Security to the said respective Officers for paying the said Duties to his Majesty's Use within six Months then next ensuing; in case the said Duties shall be paid down within the said six Days, then there shall be allowed out of the said Duty for such Prompt Payment, a Discount or Allowance after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Time of six Months.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ail Officers tnnvermr such Officers as are or shall be appointed, as aforesaid, respectively, to take a true and particular Account /ft^'luslhr L and Admeasurement of all such Malt as any Malllers or Makers of Malt for Sale, Sellers or Retailers of JJ L c' Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers, or Vinegar makers, or any Person or Persons for them, or any of them, shall on the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, have or be poitcfted of; and for that Purpose, shall be permitted in the Daytime to enter into any Dwelling House, Outhouses, Barn or other Place whatsoever belonging to such Malfler or Maker of Milt for Sale,

Sellers and Retailers of Malt, Brewers, Distillers, Innkeepers, Victuallers, and Vinegar makers, and every of them; who are hereby required to permit and suffer such Officer or Officers, upon his or their Request, to make such Entrance on the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty upon such Malt shall be paid or secured, and to take such Account and Admeasurement thereof, and to call such Malt into a regular Form, for the better ascertaining tue Quantity thereof, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that all and every the said Gaugers and Officers Officers flail U which are or shall be so constituted and appointed, shall at all Times in the Daytime be permitted, permittedu>outer upon their Request, to enter the House, malt house?, and all other Places whatsoever, belonging to or used by any Person or Persons whatsoever, who at any Time or Times, from and after the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, and before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and three, shall make any Malt (either for Sale or not for Sale) and to Gauge all wjgauged/'em, Cilt. rns, Uting fats, Utensils and other vessels, used by any such Malfler or Maker of Malt, for the wetting or fie ping of any Barley or other Corn or Grain for the making of Malt, and to gauge, measure and take an Account of the just Quantity of the Barley and other Cord or Grain which shall be found wet or steeping in any such Uting sat, Utensil, Ciflern, or other vessel, or shall have been wetted or sleeped in them or any of them, for the making of Malt; and shall thereof make Return or Report in and make Report Writing to the said Commissioners, r such other Person or Persons as they shall appoint to receive the to the commission same, leaving a true Copy of such Report in Writing under his Hand with such Malfler or Maker of ers'

Malt; and such Report or Return of the said Gauger shall be a Charge upon such Malflers or Makers of

M 2 Malt

Penalty on mai fers refufwg to permit Officer C

Maltster once a Month to make Entry at Excise Office;

and clear off the Duties in three Months.

Maljlen refifing, to pay, C

Malt to be mea fared by Winche jttr Bushel.

Malfers to give Notice of all CI ferns, C made Use of in wetting or feeping Corn, C

And use no CL fierny with lit giving Notice at Excise Office,

[Penalty.]

ifmalfterfall convey away his Stock of Malt,

without giving Notice at Excise Office,

twenty Shillings per Bifjbel Penalty'

Powers, C in 12 Car. 2. C 24.

So bein Force.

C 5. Anno decimo tertio Guglielmi 111. A.D. 1701.

Malt respectively; if any such Maltster or other Person, making Malt for Sale or private Use, shall refuse to permit any such Gauger or Officer to enter his House, Malthouse, or other Place aforemention ed, or to measure, compute and take an Account of all his Malt, and to gauge ail and every such Uting fats, Utensils, Cisterns and other vessels, and to gauge and take an Account of his Barley or other Corn or Grain in any such Cistern, Uting sat, Utensil or other Vessel, or which shall have been steeped or wetted, and shall be upon any Floor or other Place, every such Maltster or other Person shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of twenty Pounds; and that from and after the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, during the Continuance of this Act, every Maltster or other Person, making Malt for Sale or not for Sale, shall Monthly and every Month make a true Entry at the said Office of Excise of all the Malt made in such Month respectively, on Pain to forfi.it for every such Neglect the Sum of ten Pounds.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Maltster or other Maker of Malt shall within three Months after he shall make or ought to have made such Entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties which shall be due from him or them respectively.

And be it further enacted, That, every such Maltster or other Person chargeable with the said Duties, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment, as aforesaid, final] forfeit and lose for every such Offence double the Sum of the said Duty, whereof the Payment shall he so refused or neglected; that no such Maltster or other Person, after such Default made, shall sell, deliver or carry out any Malt, until he hath paid and cleared oft his Duty, as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit Double the Value of such Malt so delivered or carried out.

And for the avoiding all Disputes touching the Returns made or to be made by the Gaugers of any Malt, as aforesaid, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That by the Bushel, in this Act mentioned, is meant and intended a Bushel according to the Standard remaining in the Custody of the Chamberlains of his Majesty's Exchequer, commonly called or known by the Name of the Winchester; Bushel; and that the Quantity of Barley or other Corn or Grain taken by the Gauge, according to such Bushel, in any Cistern, Uting sat, Utensil or other Vessel, wherein such Barley, or other Corn or Grain, shall be found wetting or steeping, or which shall be found to have been wetted or steeped for the making of Malt, shall be charged and returned by the Gauger as so many Bushels of Malt.

And be it further enacted, That on or beforb the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and two, all Malfters and Makers of Malt for Sale, shall give Notice in Writing at the next Excise Office of the Number and Situation of all Cisterns, Uting fats, Utensils, or other vessels, Kilns, Floors, Rooms and Places by them made use of for the wetting or steeping of Corn, or making or keeping of Malt, or keeping of Corn or Grain for making into Malt, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds for every Cistern. Utensil or other Vessel, Kiln, Floor, Room or other Place by him or them made use of for the wetting or steeping of Corn, or making or keepipg of Malt without such Notice, as aforesaid; and that from and after the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and two, during the Continuance of this Act, no Maltster or other Person making Malt for Sale, shall erect or setup, alter or enlarge, or make use of any Cistern, Uting sat, Utensil or other Vessel for the wetting or fteepivg any Barley or other Corn or Grain for the making of Malt, or of any Kiln, Floor, Room or other Place for the making or keeping of Malt, or keeping of Corn or Grain making into Malt, without first giving Notice thereof in Writing at the next Office of Excise, or shall keep or make use of any private Cistern, Uting sat, Utensil or other Vessel, for the wetting his Barley or other Corn or Grain to make Malt, other than, such as are openly known and made use of in his common Malt house, on Pain to forfeit for every such Cistern, Uting fat or Utensil, or other Vessel, Kiln, Floor, Room or other Place so erected or setup, altered or enlarged, kept private or concealed, or made use of without such Notice, as aforesaid, the: Sum of fifty Pounds.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, Seller or Retailer of Malt, Brewer, Distiller, Innkeeper, Victualler, or Vinegar maker, shall fraudulently convey any of his Stock of Malt, which he shall be intituled unto on the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, out of his Custody or Possession from the Sight or View of the Gauger or Gaugers appointed to take an Account of the same, and shall not give Notice thereof at the next Office of Excise before the tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and two, then and in such Case the Person offending therein, shall forfeit and lose for every Bushel of Malt so conveyed from the Sight and View of the Gaugers the Sum of twenty Shillings; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody such Malt shall be found, who shall not before the Discovery thereof, give Notice at the next Excise Office of the Quantity of Malt foin his Custody, shall also forfeit and lose' the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Bushel.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking auiay the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capita, and by Knights Service and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his majestyin Lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force, relating to his Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for raising, levying, collecting or recovering, adjudging or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this aftj mail be exercised, practisej, applied, used, levied, recovered, and put in Execution, for the raising.

C 5. (85)

levying, collecting, recovering and paying, as well the said Duties upon Malt, as the said several Duties upon Mum, Cyder and Perry, hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present act.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures by this fv«j tvmt> J. act imposed, shall be sued for, levied and recovered by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, rec^crd. Penalty and Forfeiture is or may be recovered by any Law or Laws of Excite, or by action of Debt,

Bill, Plaint or Information in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture shall be to his Majesty or his Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform or sue for the same.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt in the Custody of any Maker of makf«&}in Malt shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all and singular the Debts and, b' dunam.i. Duties of Malt in arrear and owing by any Person or Persons, for any Malt made by such Malster, or Tear' within his Malt house, and shall also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such malt house, for any Offence against the Laws relating to the Duties on Malt; and that it hall be lawful in all Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such proceedin'.s against such Malt, as it may be lawful to do in Case the Debtor or Offender were the true and real Owner of the same Malt.

And whereas many of his Majesty's Subjects do make Malt not tcpfell or make any Profit thereof, but to be confirmed in their own private Families only; for the better Accommodation of such Persons, It is Compomdm ta hereby further enacted and provided by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners of Excise ti 51 terh "d, for the Time being, or the major Part of them, or such Person or Persons as they, or the major Part offtr Anmmr them shall appoint for that Purpose; in Default of such Appointment, then the Collector and su pervisor for the District and Division, within which such Person doth or shall inhabit, shall and may compound and agree with such Person or Persons for the said Duties of such Malt, which shall grow due or payable from him, her or them by this act, until the End of the Term hereby granted, at the Rate of five Shillings per Annum, for every Head, which at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of such Composition, shall be of the Family of such Person or Persons respectively, and to receive such Composition Money, or to take security for the Payment thereof quarterly; and that the Houses, out houses, Malt houses, or other Places of such particular Persons making such Composition and Agreement, and paying such Composition in Money, or giving such Security, and duly complying with their Payments thereupon, shall not be liable to the said Duty of sixpence per Bushel upon Malt, or to the Sur andrn lialftta vey or Search of any Gauger or Officer of the Excise, for or by reason of his or their making such r/f mrj° Malt, as aforesaid.

that if any such Person, after such Compcfition made, shall sell, exchange, barter or deliver "out any Malt to any other Person or Persons, or shall permit any other Person or Persons to make any Malt in his, her or their Houses or Outhouses, or shall sell any Beer, Ale or other Liquors made of Tenuity e, filing Malt, or sit all have more Persons of their Families than they shall so compound for, without giving No Malt after Cm. tice of them to the next Office of Excise, at or before the next Quarter day, and paying or securing a the like Composition for them, then every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered and distributed _ aforesaid; and after any such Offence committed, shall lose the Benefit of his, her or their Composition, and shall be liable to the said Duty of sixpence a Bushel upon Malt, and to the Survey 'and Search of the said Officers, as if no such Composition had been made; and for every Bushel of Malt so fraudulently sold, exchanged, bartered, delivered out, or fraudulently made, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And in regard the Quantity of Barley, or other Corn or Grain, taken by the Gauge in any Cistern.

C r other Vessel or Utensil, wherein such Barley, or other Corn or Grain shall be found wetting or steeping, or which shall be found to have been wetted or steeped For the making of Malt, is by this Act to be charged and returned by the Gauger, as so many Bushels of Malt: It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of every twenty Bushels so charged by the Gauger, there An Attmnmtttf shall be an Allowance made to the Maker of the said Malt of four Bushels, and out of every greater or Bufich,

Idler Quantity, a proportionable Allowance shall be made in Consideration of the Difference between the Quantity of such Corn when it is wet and swollen, and the Quantity thereof, when it is converted into dry Malt; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall have actually paid his Majesty's Duties by this Act payable for any Quantity of Malt whatsoever, and to and for any other Person or Persons, who shall buy or be lawfully intituled to any such Quantity of Malt from the said Person or Persons who actually paid his Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Malt for any Foreign Parts (Scotland excepted) giving sufficient Security Duty beingp.vj before the Shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantity of Malt, which shall be intended Mah may«to be exported, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded, or brought again into any Part forle.d "CCP!.° or Parts of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, which southeast curity the Custotner or Collector of the respective Port for such Exportation, is hereby directed and au frowcn, thorized to take in his Majesty's Name, and to his Use.

(86) C 5.

Anno decimo tertio gulielm j III

A.D. 1701.

Provided always, that if after the shipping of any such Malt to be exported,

If after Malt is slapped for Exportation it is re /aruled, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, the

as aforesaid, a, nd the giving

or tendring of such Security, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback hereinafter mentioned, the Malt so shipped to be exported shall be relanded in any Part of the said Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, that then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied aid recovered to his Majesty's Use, all the Malt which shall be landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, that is to say, one Moiety thereof to the King, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons that will seize, inform or sue for the same,

Malt is forfeited, to be recovered as any other Penalties by this Act are recoverable.

Certificate to U And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons who shall export any produced of bo Malt into foreign Parts (except as aforesaid) shall produce a Certificate or Certificates from the Collector tiing paid Duty or Officer, who received the Duty of such Malt, that the Duty thereof hath been paid, or secured to be paid; which Certificate the Collector or Officer is hereby required to give. Proof being made upon Oath, that the Duty of such Malt hath been paid or secured to be paid (which Oath the said Collector or Officer is hereby required to administer) and also making Oath before the Officer or Collector of the Port, that the Malt so exported is the same mentioned in such Certificate, That then the Collector or Chief Officers of the Port where such Malt shall be exported, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Certificate or Debenture, expressing the true Quantity of the Malt so exported, or shipped for Exportation, which Certificate or Debenture being produced to the Collector, or other Officer, appointed to receive the said Duty in the County or Place where such Malt was exported, he is hereby required to pay. the said Duty of sixpence per Bushel to the Persons, or their Agents, so exporting the same; and in case the Collector, or other Officers, should not have any Money in their Hands, to pay the same, then the Commissioners appointed for executing of this Act, are hereby required to pay the same out of the Duties arising by the said Act; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Malt 'oldbefore Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That wherever any Person .9'tu.ch 170!, or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or others, that are charged with the Duty mentioned in this and not delivered. Act, shall have sold any Malt to any Person or Persons before the said ninth Day of March one thousand Buyer to pay Sel seven hundred and one, and not delivered the same to the Buyer, or contrasted so to do, that then, and

ler 6

jstjbei*

per

pent payable in Malt, Tenant to deduel 4 s. per garter.

in every such Case the Buyer of the said Malt shall be obliged to pay to the Seller, the Duty of sixpence per Buffi el for every Bushel so sold, upon Delivery thereof, otherwise such Bargain or Contrast shall be, and is hereby declared to be void; anything in this Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding =» -

be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Rent is reserved and payable in Malt, or if payable in Money, and the Sum or Quantity of such Rent is to be afeert ained by the Price of Malt, and is to increase just as much as the Price of Malt doth increase, it shall and may be lawful, during the Continuance of this Act, for the Tenant of any Lands subject to any such Rent, to detain, de duct and and abate so much of every such Rent as will amount to four Shillings a Quarter for every Quarter of Malt, or the Value of it in Money that is so reserved, and so proportion ably for any lesser Quantity; and the Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, to whom any such Rent is reserved as aforesaid, shall upon the Receipt of the Residue of any such Rent make an Allowance of such Deductions as aforesaid, and the Tenant be discharged, as if such Payment had been made without any Deduction or Abatement whatsoever.

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, during the Continuance of this Act, no Malt shall be brought or imported into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from any foreign Part or Parts beyond the Seas, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the Malt form ported, or the full Value thereof, one Moiety to the King, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall seize, inform, or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Lav., or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed. '

And to the End all his Majesty's Subjects may know the Content of the Winchester Bushe], whereunto this Act refers, and that all Disputes and Differences about Measure may be prevented for the future, it is hereby declared, That every round Bushel, with a plain and even Bottom, being made eighteen Inches and an Half wide throughout, and eight Inches deep, fill all be esteemed a Legal tfinchester Bushel, according to the Standard in his Majesty's Exchequer.

And whereas several Persons making and dealing in Malt, are subject to many Hazards and Inconveniences, as well by Fire as Water; le it therefore further enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the ninth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, and after the Duty by this Act imposed on Malt is paid, or secured to be paid by the Maltster, if any Quantity of Malt shall unfortunately happen to be destroyed by Fire, by the burning of the malt house, Granary, or other Place where the same shall be made or kept; or fli, \] 1 perish by Water, by the calling away of the Barge or Vessel in which the said Malt filial] be transported from any Part of this Kingdom to another, it shall and may be lawful for the Proprietor or Proprietors of such Malt, so perishing as abovesaid, to make Proof thereof by tv Doth that Duty two credible witrtesses upon Oath, and of his or their having paid or given Security to pay the said Duty before the Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding or Division where such Accident shall happen, at the next General Quarter sessions to be held for such County, Riding or Division, (who are hereby im powered to give Certificate under their Hands and Seals of such Loss) upon producing of which Certificate to the Officer appointed to collect the said Duty, fie fiiafl be obliged to repay or allow to the said Proprietor

ft/lalt imported from beyond Sea forfeited

Dmenfons cf Ewjhel.

fijatt defrayed by

Eire cr M 'eter;

was paid.

Officer to repay

A.D. 1701. Anno decimo tertio Guglielmi III C 5. (87)

prietor or Proprietors, so much of the said Duty as shall have been by him paid for the Quantity of Malt proved to have so perished or been deployed as abovesaid.

Provided always, That if any Barley or other Corn or Grain that hath been steeped or wetted in any ep

Cistern, Uting fat or other vessel, shall be found working or growing upon the Floor before it is put Difcrwc le upon the Kiln, in order to be made into Malt, after the said ninth Day of March one thousand seven /»*» m spk hundred and one, or at the Time of Gauging or charging Stock in Hand, which when dried and made into Malt will not answer so great a Quantity from the Floor as from the Cistern or Fat, It is hereby en

by the Authority aforesaid, That out of every twenty Bushels so charged upon the Floor, there shall be an Allowance made to the Maker of the said Malt of four Bushels, and out of every greater or lesser Quantity a proportionable Allowance shall be made in Consideration of the difference between the Quantity of such Corn when it is making upon the Floor, and the Quantity thereof when it is dried and perfectly made into Malt; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of his present Majesty and the late Queen, intituled An Expense

Act for Encouragement of the Exportation of Corn; It is hereby enacted, That when Malt or Barley is at Mott to rich? twenty-four Shillings per Quarter or under, every Merchant that shall put on board any Malt, according t, X to or under the Limitations or Conditions in the said Act expressed, the said Merchant shall have andre, em ceive from the Farmers, of or Collectors of the Duties arising from the Customs, for every' V Quarter of Malt or Barley so exported, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence; Be it hereby enacted, That the Duty of sixpence per Bushel by this Act imposed upon Mult, shall not be reckoned or valued towards the Price of twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, by the said recited Act limited, but that the Exporter of Malt shall have and receive the Bounty granted by the said recited Act, unless when the Price of Malt exceeds twenty-four Shillings per Quarter, over and above the Duty of sixpence per Bushel by this Act granted.

Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any alhwame of perl on or Persons whatsoever shall export any ground Malt from any Port or Place in England of Wales, Drawback. or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to any foreign Parts Scotland excepted) the Duties whereof shall have been paid or secured to be paid according to this Act, such Person and Persons shall have the like Drawback or Allowance out of the Duties on Malt by this Act granted, as, if the said Malt had been whole, upon Debentures to be obtained, and upon producing Certificates, making Oath, and doing and' performing the other Matters and Things herein before prescribed and direted, in order to obtain Debentures upon Exportation of Malt for foreign Parts; yet nevertheless such ground Malt so exported shall be computed and eftknated after the Rate of so many Bushels of Malt as the same did contain before it was ground, and no more.

Provided always, and be it further enuted, That every Gauger or other Officer, who shall be constitu Gauger u i; bve. ced or appointed to put this Act in Execution, shall be, and are hereby required to leave a true Copy of Copy of Gauge, each Gauge, and the Quantity thereof, in Writing under his or their Hands, with or for the said Maker or Makers of Malt at the Time of taking such Gauge upon Demand, under the Penalty of forty Shillings.

And for the Prevention of Evil pratices in brewing Beer and Ale, with Sugar, Honey, foreign Grains, penalty fufinr Guinea Pepper, or with a late invented Liquor or Syrup made from Malt and Water, boiled up to the uoitbo/fime ft consistency of melasses, and very much resembling the same, and commonly called ejjentia bine, or with teriahjn brvw* other unwholesome Materials; and that no Mixture of Sugar, Honey, foreign Grains, Guinea Pepper, or 1!'S> of the said Liquor or Syrup, or other unwholesome Materials, may be uled in the brewing or making of Beer and Ale'; Be it enacted, That from and after the said tenth Day of April no common Brewer, Innkeeper, vitualler, or other Retailer of Beer and Ale, shall make use of any Sugar, Honey, foreign:

Grains, Guinea Pepper, or of the said Liquor or Syrup, called ejjentia Bine, Coculus India: or any unwholesome Materials or Ingredients whatsoever, in the brewing or making of any Beer or Ale, or mix any Sugar, Honey, foreign Grains, Guinea Pepper, or any of the said Liquor called effectia Bine, Coculus India, or any unwholesome Materials or Ingredients whatsoever, with any Beer or Ale in Calk, after the same is cleanled, upon Pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Moneys which shall arise by this Act of the said The Moneys ati duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry (over and above the necessary Charges of raising and levying fug bo paid inn the said Duties) shall, from Time to Time, be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and Gx Exchequer, that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to lend to his Majesty at the said Receipt, upon Credit of the said Duties, any Sum or s, mmt exceeding sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole six hundred thousand Pounds; which Lenders shall terest for the Forbearance of their respective Loans, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to duties, be paid every three Months, from the making of such Loans, until satisfaction of the principal Sums ret spetively; and that no Moneys so to lie lent shall be rated or assessed to any 7'ax or assessment whatso epercmt. ever; and that every such Lender shall immediately have a Talley of Loan 'truck for the Money by him, 1 her or them lent, and an Order of the same Date for Repayment thereof, with such Interest as aforesaid; To have a Talley and that all such Orders shall be registered in Course according to their Dates; and all Persons thereupon avi0ri1"for Rt shall be paid in Course, as their Orders shall stand registered, so as the Person, Native or Foreigner, his W"'"' Executors, Administrators or Assigns, whose Order shall be.first registered, shall be accounted the Person k* to be first paid, out of the Moneys to come in by Virtue of this Act; and he or they who sir all have his LU'J" or their Order or Orders next entered shall be taken to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the said Moneys to come in by this Act. of the said d uties, shall be in the same

Order

(88) C 6. Anno decimo tertio Guglielmi III A.D. 1701.

Order liable to the satisfaction of the said respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators or Assigns successively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and hall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, direct, or indirctly, be demanded or taken of any his Majesty's subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of his Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party aggrieved by the Party offending, with full Cods of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also: if any un, due Preference of one before another hall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to ('nitty an Officers the true Meaning of this Add, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by pttcj undue ation of Debt or on the Case to pay the Value of the Debt, with Damages and Coils, to the Party <. f.j.iaw;. grieved, and hall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Directions or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only, shall be liable to such ation, Debt, Damages and Coils, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt hall not direct, or the Clerk of the Pells Record, or the tel ler make Payment, according to each Persons due Place and Order, as afore directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record at jf^ejlrninster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

a'o undue Prese Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders r.ttce to pay tiofe for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt, to be re jii jl entered. gilt red, then it sir all be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered feld, so as he enters them all the same Day.

1 Nor to pay Sub Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point of jeq unt Orders of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells Record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent or ders f Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders before other Persons that did ney beforeotbm not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in their Course, so as there be so much Money re that did not come served as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them, Interest to take their Mo upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them. my, C And be it further enacted, That all and every Person. and Persons to whom any Money shall be due for

trarifenheiryu Loans, by Virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, his or their exe tercjc&c, cutors, Administrators or Assigns, by Indorsements of his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such order, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid, for Orders, which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge accordingly make, shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such 'theft Duties a. e assignments, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part

regranted by s there0f.

<d7in.fi, 2. ct 3.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

t w, & M, C z. ' 1T WHEREAS by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of your most Excellent Majesty and 4 8. ' A your late Royal Consort Queen Mary, of ever blessed Memory, intituled, An Act declaring the

C Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Successton of the Crown., it was enacted, established and declared, That the Crown and Regal Government of the Kingdoms of England, France, and Ireland,

and the Dominions thereunto belonging, should be and continue to your said Majesties, and the survi vor of you, during your joint Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of your Majesties; that after the Decease of your Majesty and of the said late Queen Mary, the said Crown and Regal Government should be and remain to the Pleirs of the Body of the said late Queen; and for Default of such issue,

to her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of Denmark, and the Heirs of her Body; and for Default of such issue, to the Heirs of the Body of your Majesty: whereas by one other AT made in the twelfth z W. 3. C 2, ' Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, it was enacted, That the Crown and Regal Government of the said Kingdoms, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, with the Royal State and Dignity of the said Realms, and all Honours, Styles, Title, Regalities, Prerogatives, Powers, turifditions and Authori tics, to the same belonging and appertaining, after the Decease of your Majesty, and of the said Princess Anne of Denmark, and in Default of issue of the said Princess Anne of Denmark, and of your Majesty i rpfpetively, Should be, remain, and continue to the most excellent Princess Sophia, eletrefs and

Duchess

Anno decimo tertio Guglielmi III

C 6.

83

Duchess Dowager of Hanover, Daughter of the most excellent Princess Elizabeth late Queen of Bohemia, Daughter of our late Sovereigh Lord King James the First, and the Heirs of the body of the said Princess Sophia, being Protestants: And whereas the French King, in Hopes of disturbing the Peace and Repose of your Majesty and your Kingdoms, and creating Divisions therein, hath,

since the making the said Act, caused the pretended Prince of Wales to be proclaimed in your majesty's said Kingdom of France, by the Name, Style and Title of James the Third, King of England,

Scotland, and Ireland, whereupon the said pretended Prince hath assumed the said Style and Title, f

in open Defiance of the Provisions made for the Establishment of the Title and Succession of the Crown, by the said several Acts of Parliament; on which said Acts the Safety of your majesty's ' Royal Person and Government, the Continuance of the Monarchy of England, the Preservation of the

Protestant Religion, the Maintenance of the Church of England as by Law established, the Security of the ancient and undoubted Rights and Liberties, and the future Peace and Tranquillity of this Kingdom, do (under God) entirely depend: 5 To the Intent therefore that the said Acts may be for ever inviolably preserved, and that all future Questions and Divisions by Reason of any pretended Titles to the Crown may be prevented; we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, as well All Persons h peers as Commoners, that flrall bear any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive any Pay, vlns ny ce Salary, See or Wages, by Reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majesty, or shall have Command under the or Place of Trust from or under his Majesty, or from any of his Majesty's Predecessors, or by his ng'

or their Authority, or by Authority derived from him or them, within the Realm of England, 'Do in England, C

minion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty's Navy, or in the several Islands of Jersey and Gnlrnfcy, or shall be of the Household or in the Service or Employment of his Majesty,

or of his Royal Highness Prince George, or her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of Denmark, and or in the Service

all Ecclesiastical Persons, all Members of Colleges and Halls in either University, that are or shall be oftr'n "Gcorse

of the Foundation (being of the Age of eighteen Years) and all Persons teaching Pupils in either Uni Anne "and all

verfity, or elsewhere, and all Schoolmasters and Ushers, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Ecclesiastical

Congregations, and every Person that shall act as a Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Ad persons, C

vocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Proctor, Clerk, 'or Notary, by practising in any Manner as such in any Phifers of the

Court or Courts whatsoever, who shall inhabit, reside, or be within the Cities of London or Westminster, C

within thirty Miles Distant from the same, on the first Day of Easter Term, which shall be in the don, '&c!vil°!yn

Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, or at anvtime during the said Term, shall one of the Courts

personally appear before the End of the said Term, or of Trinity Term next following, in his Ma of Westminster,

jesty's High Court of Chancery, or in his Majesty's Court of King's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, ln Eider Term,

and there in public and open Court, between the Hours of nine of the Clock and twelve in the bore C

noon, take the Oath herein after mentioned; that is to say, take he foiiow

', 'J 7 icg Oath, viz,

I A.B. do trulyand sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify and declare, in my Conscience before God

J. and the World, That our Sovereign Lord King William is lawful and rightful King of this Realm, C and of all other his Majesty's Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging. And I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That 1 do believe in my Conscience, that the Person pretended to be Prince of Wales,

during the Life of the late King James, and since his Decease pretending to be and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, hath not any Right or Title

whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereto belonging: And I do re

refuse, and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him. And I do swear, That I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to his Majesty King William, and him will defend to the utmost of my Power,

against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall bemade against his Person, Crown,

or Dignity. And I will do my best Endeavour to disclose and make known to his Majesty and his Successors all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies, which I shall know to be against him or any of them.

And I do faithfullytpromise, to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain and Defend the Limita tion and succession of the Crown, against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as the same is and stands limited (by an Act intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession of the Crown) to his Majesty during his Majesty's Life, and after his Majesty's De ' cease, to the Princess Anne of Denmark, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants; and for Default of such Issue, to the Heirs of the Body of his Majesty, being Protestants: as the same by one other 1 Act intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberi ties of the Subject, is and stands limited after the Decease of his Majesty the Princess Anne of Den ' mark, and for Default of issue of the said Princess, and of his Majesty respectivly, to the Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowagy of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. C And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words ' bj; me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words,

1 without any Equivocation, mental Evafton, or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this

1 Recognition, Acknowledgment, abju/ation, Renunciation and Promise, heartily, willingly and truly, jittered by 1 Ann.

upon the true Faith of a Christian.' So help me God. St. 1. c. 22. and

farther by 5 Amu

e. S, Arts zz, and by 6 Anne, 7. §, 20, and C 14. and see farther S Amu C 15*

M a II Untu

C 6.

Anno decimo tertio Guglielmi III

A.D. 1701.

and subscribe the same. Persons not having taken the Oaths at west miniter to take the same at the

II. Unto which Oath so taken, every such Person so taking the same shall subscribe or make his Name or Mark, and during the Time of taking the said Oath, all Pleas and Proceedings in the said respective Courts shall cease, and all and every the said respective Persons and Officers, not having taken the said Oath, and subscribed the same as aforesaid, shall on or before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, at the General or Quarter Sessions for that County, Riding, Liberty, City, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place where he or they shall be, inhabit or reside, on the ^"he'&rant118 cvvent et^ Lay of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, take the said Oath ^here^etdenr n Pen Court, between the said hours of Nine and Twelve of Clock in the Forenoon, and subscribe his and subscribe Name, or make his Mark undtr the same as aforesaid.

their Names.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons that Persons admitted shall be admitted, entered, placed or taken into any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive into offices Civil any Pay, Salary, See or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from his Majesty, or shall have or^mditary flun Command or Place of Trull from or under his Majesty, or by his Authority, or by Authority derived ath' 6^ from him, within this Realm of England, Dominion of lvalcsy Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or in his Majesty's Nbvy, or in the several Islands of ferfey and Guernsey, or that hall be admitted into any Service or Employment in his Majesty's Household or Family, or of his Royal Highness Prince George, or of her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of Denmark, after the said first Day of Easter Term aforesaid, shall take the said Oath at the same Time that he or they shall make and subscribe the Declaration mentioned in a Statute made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles Ecrlcfiaf the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recusants, and all ec tic.il c'eirr.s, C clefiastical Persons, all Members of Colleges and Halls in either University, that are or shall be of the Foundation, being of, or as soon as they shall attain the Age of eighteen Years, and all Persons teaching Pupils in either University, or elsewhere, and all Schoolmasters and Ushers, and all Preachers and Praaifers of the Teachers of separate Congregations, and every Person who shall act as Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at taw, claw, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Prodtor, Clerk, or Notary, by practising in any Manner as such, in any Court or Courts whatsoever, who shall, at any Time after the first Day of Easter Term aforesaid, be admitted into, or enter upon any of the before mentioned Preferments, Benefices, Offices or Places, or shall come into dny such Capacity, or shall take upon him or them any such Practice, Employment or Business as aforesaid, shall, within three Months after he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon any such Preferment, Eenefice, Office, or Place, or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Employment or Business as aforesaid, take and subscribe the said Oath in one. of the said Courts at Westminster, or at the General Quarter sessions of the County, City or Place, where he or they shall reside.

IV. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Person now beyond the Seas, who by virtue of this Act ought to take the said Oath, so as such Person do, within three Months after his Return into England, take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto, according to the Appointment of this Act.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons aforesaid, that do or shall negleil or refuse to take the said Oath, and subscribe thereto as aforesaid, in the said Courts and Places, and at the respective Times aforesaid, shall be ipso facto adjudged incapable and disabled in Lav, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, to have, occupy or enjoy the said Office or Person beyond Sea to take the Oath in three Months ai.er Return

Penalty cn persons refusing or neglecting to take the Oath;

and afterwards executing any

Offices, Employment or Employments, or any Part of them, or any Matter or Thing aforesaid. any Profit or Advantage appertaining to them or any of them; and every such Office or Place, Employment and Employments shall be void, and is hereby adjudged void.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Person and Persons who shall negleil and refuse to take the said.oath within the Times, and at the Places aforesaid, and yet after such Neglect or Refusal shall by himself or themselves, his or their Deputy or Trustee, any of the said Offices or Employments, after the said Time is expired, wherein he or they ought to have taken the said Oath, and being thereof lawfully conviiled in or upon any Information, Presentment, or Indiilment in any of the King's Courts at Westminster, or at the Assizes, every such Person or Persons shall be disabled from thence.

forth to sue or use any Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information in Course of Law, or to prosecute any Suit in any Court of Equity, or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor or Administrator of any Person, or capable of any Legacy or Deed of Gift, or to be in any Office within this Realm of England, Dominion of I Dales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered by him or them that shall sue for the same, to be prosecuted by any Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, pro tedlion, or Wager of Law shall lie.

VII. and be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Courts aforesaid to give and administer the Oath aforesaid to the Person and Persons aforesaid; upon due Tender of any Eerson or Persons to take the said Oath, the said Courts are hereby required and enjoined to ad minister the same; of the taking and subscribing whereof the; like Register shall be kept, as by the sail ia ibing the same. jt.iatie; n tie £ve and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second was directed to be

15 Car. 2 C i. j ept, 0j. the subscribing the Declaration therein mentioned.

Persons forfeit ing Office by Neglect, &c. m iy have a new Grant thereof, on taking the Oath.

Courts of west rninfler to administer the Oath, C Manner of sob

Vill. Provided always, That any Person who by arty Neglect or Refusal, according to this Act, shall lose or forfeit any Office, may be capable of a new Grant of the said Office, or of any other, and have and hold the same again, such Person taking the said Oath in such Manner as aforesaid, so as such Office be not granted to, or actually enjoyed by, some other Person at the Time of the regranting thereof.

3

A.D. 1701. Anno decimo tertio Guglielmi III C 4. 85

IX. Provided also, That nothing herein contained hall be construed to extend to any Person in his Pci suns on board majesty's Service on board the Fleet, or beyond the Seas, or who hall go beyond the Seas in his Majesty's !hi! f1uet'cf'cu tl7 Service before the twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, three'r.ionths so as such Person take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto as aforesaid, according to the Appointment aft5r i<eturn, of this Act, within three Months after his Return into England.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth No Peer or Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, no Person that now is. Member of thr or hereafter hall be a Peer of this Realm, or Member of the House of Peers, hall vote or make his of com proxy in the House of Peers, or sit there during any Debate in the said House of Peers; nor any Person paeitj 'e that now is, or hereafter hall be a Member of tyre House of Commons, hall vote in the House of Com House, unless he mons, or sit there during any Debate in the said House of Commons, after their Speaker is chosen, until take the Oath, such Peer or Member shall from Time to Time respectively take the Oath aforesaid, and subscribs the fa

same in Manner following (that is to say) the said Oath hall be in this and every succeeding parliament solemnly and publicly made and subscribed, between the Hours of Nine in the Morning and Four in the Afternoon, by every such Peer and Member of the House of Peers, at the Table in the Middle of the said House, before he take his Place in the said House of Peers, and whilst a full House of Peers is there, with their Speaker in his Place; and by every such Member of the House of Commons, at the Table in the Middle of the said House, and whilst a full House of Commons is there duly sitting, with their Speaker in his Chair.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person that now is, " or hereafter shall be a Peer of this Penalty on Peer Realm, or Member of the House of Peers, or Member of the House of Commons, in this or any fuc or Member, cecding Parliament, shall after the said five and twentieth Day of March presume to vote, or make his

Proxy, not having taken the said Oath, and subscribed the same as aforesaid, every such Peer or Member so offending shall from thenceforth be deemed and' adjudged a Popish Recusant Convict, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, and shall forfeit and suffer as a ropifh Recusant Convict, and shall be disabled to hold or execute any Office or Place of Profit or Trust, Civil or Military, in any of his maj esty's Realms of England or Ireland, Dominion of jl^ales, or Town of Benvick upon Ezvecd, or in any of his Majesty's Islands or Foreign Plantations to the said Realms belonging, and hall be disabled from thenceforth to sit or vote in either House of Parliament, or make a Proxy in the House of Peers, or to sue or use any Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in Course of Law, or to prosecute any Suit in any Court of Equity or to be Guardian of any Child, or Executor or Administrator of any Person, or capable of any Legacy or Deed of Gift, and shall forfeit for every wilful Offence against this Act: the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and received by him or them that shall sue for the same, and to be prosecuted by any action_of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of his Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein ro Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall lie.

XII. Provided always, That neither this at, nor anything therein contained, hall extend, be judged, Aa not to vacate or interpreted to take away or make void, any Office of Inheritance, so as such Person or Persons having any office of la an Office of Inheritance do or shall substitute and appoint his or their Deputy or Deputies, according heruance» c to a Proviso in the Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second sjcar. 2. C 2, (entitled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popifo Recusants) and so as such Deputy

or Deputies do take and subscribe the Oath in and by this present Act required and expressed, and so as such Deputy, or Deputies be from Time to Time approved of by the King's Majesty, under his Privy Signet.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons Persons antho lawfully authorised to administer or tender the Oaths, mentioned and appointed to be taken by an Act rized to admi of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of his present Majesty and of the late Queen, intituled, j'w'& m j An Act for the abrogating the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, to administer C g(' '

and tender the Oath herein before appointed to be taken, to any Person or Persons whatsoever; and i f

any Person or Persons, to whom the said Oath shall be so tendred, hall neglect or refuse to take the same, the Person and Persons tendring the said Oath shall certify the Refusal thereof to the next Quarter

Sessions of the County, Riding, Liberty, Borough, Town Corporate or Place, in which such Refusal

hall be made; and the said Refusal sit all be recorded antongst the Rolls of that Sessions, and shall be Refusals to be

from thence certified by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, Liberty, Borough, Town recorded.

Corporate or Place, into his Majesty's Court of Chancery or King's Bench, there to be recorded amongst

the Rolls of the said Courts, in a Roll or Rolls there to be provided and kept for that Purpose only.

XIV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to the Office Not to extend of any High Constable, Petty Constable, Tithingman, Headborough, Overseer of the Poor, Church to High orpetty wardens. Surveyors of the Highways, or any like inferior Civil Office, or to any Office of Forester, Constables, or Keeper of any Park, Chase, Warren, or Game, or Bailiff of any.manor or Lands, nor to any like

private Offices, nor to any Person or Persons having only any the before mentioned or the like Offices.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at any bigfctreason tc Time after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, hall compass or compass imagine the Death of her Royal Highness the Princess Anne of Denmark, or endeavour to deprive or Princ^ hinder her from succeeding to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and the Dominions and Territories Anne of deo thereunto belonging, after the Demise of his Majesty (whom God long preserve) and the same malici mark, C oujly, advisedly, and directly shall attempt, by any Overt Act or Deed, every such Offence shall be adjudged High Treason, and the Offender and Offenders therein, their Abettors, Procurers, and Coun

i'cllors, and all and every their Aiders and Comforters, knowing the said Offence to be done, being thereof

convicted

86

7 W. 3. C 27.

Words to be emitted in the Association; others inserted.

tfsce Cap. 8.

7.*

For the Continuance and in creafeof the Duties granted by this Acfee 2 & 3 Annas, 09. 4. Anna?, C 6.

5 Anne. 19. i Geo. 1. Hat. j. C 1.

1 Geo. r. Hat. a C r2. 8.

WM. ff. j.

C 3/

I a Car. 2. C 23,

9 W. CI3

JOIV. 3. C 21!

sa V 3. C II

82 Car. 2. C 24.

C 7. Anno decimo terfio Guglielmi III A.D. 1701.

convicted or attainted according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, shall be deemed and adjudged Traitors, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and all Losses and Forfeitures, as in Cases of High Treason.

XVI. And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, intituled An act* at for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government, the Persons therein mentioned were obliged to subscribe the Association therein contained whereby the Persons subscribing the same ' do, amongst other Things, mutually promise and engage to stand by and assist each other to the utmost of their Power, in the Support and Defence of his Majesty's most Sacred Person and Government, ' against the late King James and all his Adherents: And whereas by the Death of the said late King 1 James the said Clause is become useless Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and twentieth Day of March there shall be omitted and left out of the said acto ciation these Words [against the late King James and all his Adherents] and in the Room and Place thereof there shall be inserted these Words [against all his Majesty's Enemies whatsoever.]

Anno primo annie Regin.

CAP. VII.

An act for the better Support of her Majesty's Houfaold, and of the Honour and Dignity

of the Crown.

Most Gracious Sovereign, i

WHEREAS by an Act: of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of your majesty's Royal Brother and Sister, our late Sovereign Lord and Lady King William and Queen Mary (of ' blessed Memory) intituled An act for granting to their Mayflies for their Lives, and the Life of the Sur ' vivor of them, certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, it was amongst other Things enacted, That the several Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors, menti oned in an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of your majesty's Royal Uncle King Charles the second, intituled, A Grant of certain Impositions upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, ' for the Increase of his Majesty's Revenues, during his Life, and thereby granted to the said late King! charles the second for his Life, should be levied, collected, and paid to their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them, in such Man ' ner and Form as by the said first mentioned Act is expressed: whereas by an Act made in the ninth \ Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Dunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds,

'for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, several' of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon the several and respective Wines, Goods,

and Merchandizes, in the same Act particularly mentioned, were granted to his said late Majesty King William, from die last Day of January, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, during his Majesty's Life, for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, for

laying further Duties upon Sweets, and for lessening the Duties upon Vinegar, and other Things therein

'mentioned, all former Duties charged upon Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, and Liquors preparing for Vine

were determined; and it Was thereby (amongst other Things) enacted, That from and after the

1 said tenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, 'there should be paid for and upon every Bar

of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, which should be brewed or made of any English or Foreign Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for Sale, and foin Proportion

; for a greater or lell er Quantity, the Sum of eight Shillings; and that sixpence, Part of the said Duty E of eight Shillings for every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, should 1 be raised and paid to his said late Majesty King William, during his Life (in lieu of a Duty of six 1 Pence charged on every Barrel of Vinegar ber by the said first mentioned Act) and should be paid, apt

plied, and disposed of, to and for the same Uses and Purposes, as the Duties granted by the same Act

were directed to be applied and disposed of: And whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, intituled An a51for appropriating three thousand seven hundred Pounds weekly out of certain Branches of Excise, for public Uses, and for making a Provision for the Service of his Majesty's Houfoold and Family, and other his necessary Occafons, it was amongst other Things enacted,

That from and after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred, for and du ring the whole Term of five Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, the full, dear, and in tyre weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds of lawful. English Money, out of all the Mo ' nies arising by the Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the p eign of King Charles the second, and are mentioned in the Act last recited, and

by the said Duties of Excise payable during his Majesty's Life, and by every or any of them, if all those Duties of Excise should so long continue; and if the said Duties of Excise, payable during his Majesty's ' Life, should happen to determine before the End of the said Term of five Years, then out of the Mo 5 nies arising entirely by the said Plefeditary Duties of Excise, for and during all the Residue which should be then to come and unexpired of the said. Term of five Years, should be brought and paid into the Reiceipt

A.D. 1701. Anno primo Annjs Regin. Stat. r. C 7. 87

of the Exchequer, by such several and respective weekly Payments, and in such Manner and e Form, as in the said Act are particularly mentioned, for the Purposes by the said Act directed: And it is thereby further enacted, That all the Rest and Residue of the said particular Branches of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, which should from Time to Time remain after the said weekly payments should be made out of the same, and the Revenue arising in the General Letter Office or Post Of ' fice, or the Office of Postmaster General, and by the said further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage,

and by the small Branches of his' majesty's Revenues herein after particularly expressed, that is to say,

The first fruits and Tenths of the Clergy.? the Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry, payable in the Alienation Office, the Post Fines, the Revenue of Wine Licences, the Moneys arising by Sheriffs Profers and Compositions in the Exchequer, and by Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods, the Revenue of the Duchy of Cornwall and any other Revenue arising by the Rents of Land in England and Wales, and for Fines of Leases of the same, or any of them, and the Duty of four and an half per Centum in Specie arising in Barhailocs and the Leeward Islands in America, and all other the Branches and Revenues therein mentioned, which were before chargeable with the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds therein expressed, should from Time to Time, during the Life of his said late Majesty King William, be for the Ule and Service of his said late majesty's Household and Family,

and for other his necessary Expenses and Occasions: And it is thereby further enacted, That in Lieu and Discharge of certain perpetual annual Payments, and of all Arrears thereof, granted by his late Majesty King Charles the second, by Letters Patent, out of the said Hereditary Revenue of Excise, in Satisfaction of certain Principal Sums mentioned in the said Letters Patent, to be then due from his said late Majesty King Charles the second, to the respective Patentees therein named, the said Hereditary Revenue of Excise should, from and after the twenty sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, be and Hand charged and chargeable for ever with the Payment of the annual Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Principal Sums mentioned in the said respective Letters Patent, to be issued and paid out of the said Revenue by quarterly Payments out of the Receipt { of his Majesty's Exchequer, by the Officers of the same, unto the respective Owners and Proprietors of such annual Sums, and to their Heirs and Assigns for ever, in the Manner in the same Act mentioned the said annual Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, to be subject nevertheless to be re deemed upon Payment of the Moiety of the Principal Moneys mentioned in the said respective Letters Patent; as by the several Acts afore recited (Relation being thereunto respectively had) may moreffully appear: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, well knowing that the Security, Peace, and Prosperity of your majesty's Realms and Dominions are concerned in supporting the Honour of the Crown of England, by settling a Revenue Ratable to the necessary Expenses of the same; and with due Gratitude to Almighty God (by whose good ness your Majesty happily succeeds to the Royal Dignity of these Realms after a King that constantly maintained the true Religion, Laws and Liberties therein established) reflecting upon your majesty's most Excellent Disposition to preserve and continue your People in the full and free Enjoyment of the same Religion, Laws and Liberties, and of all other Blessings which good Subjects can hope for in the most auspicious Reign, whereby our Hearts are inflamed with a dutiful Afreftion to your Majesty; being desirous of settling upon your Majesty, for the Expenses of our Civil Government, a Revenue equal an least to the Revenue enjoyed for that Purpose by any of your Royal Predecessors, to make a special Acknowledgment to your Majesty for your great Grace and Favour to us your Commons, have therefore freely and unanimously resolved to give and grant, and do hereby give and grant to you our most Gracious Duties granted Sovereign Lady Queen Anne (whom God long preserve) the several Rates, Duties, Impositions and the.queen'3' Charges herein after mentioned, during your majesty's Life; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty 1 e' vlz> that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad Ercjfe on Beer, vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem a!;, & C grant bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the ninth Day of March in the Year of e.j «° Kin will our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, for and during the Term of the natural Life of her Maje lpm ad fty Queen Anne (whom God long preserve)) said Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and ^.ary or 1 c' other Liquors, granted to his said late Majesty King Charles the second, by the said Act made in the Iacar. i. C 3v twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the second, intituled, A Grant of cer 2 W. & M. sit tain Impositions upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, for the Inerease of his Majestf s Revenue during his Life, and ' C 3 which were granted to then late Majesties King William and Queen mary, by the said Act made in lexce, pt ya. the second Year of their Reign, for their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them (other than and ex geer) and ccpt the said Duty of sixpence for every Barrel of Vinegar Beer granted by the same Acts) and also the d. Part of the said Duty of sixpence, Part of the said Duty of eight Shillings, granted to his. late Majesty King Willi Duty of 8s. per am, for and upon every Earrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquor preparing for Vinegar, which shall Barrel for vine be brewed or made of any English Materials by any Person or perfor.s whatsoever for Sale, and foin Pro ar'^ snted portion for a greater or lesser Quantity, by the said Act made in the tenth Year of his Reign, shall be lay 10 3 ct vied, collected and paid to her Majesty, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, p1 r.i.a^ner* Means and Methods, and under such. Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned and expressed in the be leats 3 2

fore mentioned Acts, or any of them, relating to the said Duties of Excise, or any of them, or by any All Lj cfe otherlaw now in Force relating to the Revenue of Excise; and that all and every the said Laws relating ciie t^bvia to the Revenue of Excise shall he of full Force and Effect to all Intents and Purposes, for the levying, re Force, ceiving, ascertaining and recovering the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and oth^r Liquors hereby granted, in the same Manner as if the same were repeated and enacted in the Body of this present Act.

tunnage and Poundage continued.

0 W, 3. C 23.

Duties' of Excite, Port Office, C Diall be for 1 he Support of the c^eeu's huuf hold, C

Duties of Excite 4'ubjt ifl to the weekly Payment of 5, 7001 for five Years from a 700.

32 W. 3., C i

W. & M.

1. C 3.

After Expiration of the said five 'Years, how to be applied.

For the farther Application of ithe Duty arising t?y this Act, see 22 Anns, flat. 1. §. 27/

Jvsr preserviag, see. the Land 0 Revenue of the Crown, no Gnnt ftull be made of any Manors, Lands, Arc. belonging to the Crown, unies for 31 Years three Lives, &c.

C 7. Anno primo Ann, Regina;. Slat. r. A.D. 1701.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said further Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes, granted by the said Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, shall, from and after the said ninth Day of March during her Majesty's Life, be raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto her Majesty, by the same Ways, Means and Methods, and by the same Rules and Directions, and with the same Allowances, as are mentioned in the same Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William; and the same Add, and every Article, Rule and Clause therein contained, or thereby referred to, so far as the same relates to the raising levying, collecting and making Allowances out of the said Subsidies and other Duties, shall be of full Force and effect to all Intents and purposes, during her Majesty's Life, as if the same were particularly and at large repeated and set down in the Body of this Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon

b.cr, Ale and other Liquors, and the said Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, hereby granted to her Majesty for the Term of her Life (subjrdt nevertheless to the Encumbrances hereinafter mentioned) and the said Revenue of the General Letter Office or Poll; Office, or the Office of Poll: Master General, and the said small Branches of her Majesty's Revenue (that is to say) The Eirft Fruits and Tenths of the Clergy, the Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry, payable in the Alienation Office, the Post Fines, the Revenue of the Wine Licences, the Moneys arising by Sheriffs Profers and Compositions in the Exchequer, and by the Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods, the Revenue of the Duchy of Carnival, and any other Revenue arising by the Rents of Lands in England and Wales, or for Fines for Leases of the same, or any of them, and the Moneys arising by the said further Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties hereby granted, and all other the Branches and Revenues which w; re chargeable with the said yearly Sum of seven hundred thousa hd Pounds (the said Duty of Four and an Half per Centum in Specie arising in Barbados and the Leeward islands in America, always excepted and foreprized) shall be for the Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity, of the Crown; yet nevertheless the said Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, and the said Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, hereby granted to her Majesty, during her Life, and every of them, shall be liable and subject to the said weekly Payment of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, according to the Tenure and Effect of the said Act of Parliament, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, in the same Manner as the said Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise, and the said Rates and Duties of Excise which were granted in the second Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties, and every of them, jointly or severally, would have been liable to the same weekly Payment, if his said Majesty had continued in this Life, during the said Term of five Years; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That from and after the Expiration of the said Term of five Years, so much Money as together with the said Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, then to commence and to be applied for Satisfaction of the said Patentees, and those claiming under them as aforesaid, shall make up the Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds for every Week, during her Majesty's Life, shall and may be taken out of the said Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise, and out of the Rates and Duties of Excise hereby granted to her Majesty for her Life, and either or any of them; and the said Payments after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, being deducted out of the Hereditary Part thereof, the Residue of the said three thousand seven hundred Pounds per Week, be applied and disposed of to and for the Public Use and Service; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And whereas the necessary Expenses of supporting the Crown, or the greatest Part of them, were formerly defrayed by a Land Revenue, which hath from Time to Time been impaired and diinipished by the Grants of former Kings and Queens of this Realm, so that her Majesty's Land Revenues at present can afford very little towards the Support of her Government; nevertheless from Time to Time, upon the Determination of the particular Estates, whereupon many Reversions and Remainders in the Crown do now depend or expect, and by such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as may hereafter defeend,

efeheat, or otherwise accrue or come to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, the Land Revenues of the Crown, in Fines, Rents, and other Profits thereof, may hereafter be increased, and consequently the Burden upon the Estates of the Subjects of this Realm may be eased and lessened in all future Provi fions to be made for the Expenses of the Civil Government: To the End therefore that the Land Revenues of the Crown may be preserved, improved and increased for the best Advantage thereof, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Grant, Lease, or other Assurance, which from and after the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, shall be made or granted by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, under the Great Seal of England, Exchequer Seal., Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancaster, or any of them, or by Copy of Court Roll or otherwise howsoever, of any Manors, messuages. Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, Woods, or other Hereditaments (Advowsons of Churches and Vicarages only excepted) within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any of them, or any Part thereof, now belonging or hereafter to belong to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for her Majesty, her Heirs or suc ceffers, in Possession, Reversion, Remainder, Use or Expediency, whether the same be or shall be in Right of the Crown of England, or as Part of the Principality of Wales, or of the Duchy or County Pg i a tine of Lancaster, or otherwise howsoever, to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate whatsoever,

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Regina. Stat. r.

C

89

whereby any Estate or Interest whatsoever, in Law or Equity, hall or may pass from her majesty, her Heirs or Successors be utterly void and of none Efteft, unless such Grant, Lease, or Assurance be made for some Term or Estate not exceeding one and thirty Years, or three Lives, or for some Term of Years determinable upon one, two, or three Lives; and unless such Grant, Lease or af furance respectively made to commence from the Date or making thereof; and if such Grant, Lease or Assurance, be made to take Effect in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the same, together with the Estate or Estates in Possession of and in 'the premiites therein contained, do not exceed three Lives, or the Term of one and thirty Years in the whole; and unless such Grant, Lease or Assurance respectively be so made, that the Tenant be liable to Punishment for Waste; and unless there be reserved upon every such Grant, Lease or Assurance respectively, the ancient or most usual Rent, or more, or such Rent as hath been reserved, yielded, and paid for such of the said Manors, messuages, Lands, i enements. Rents, Tithes, or other Hereditaments, as shall be therein contained, for the greater Part of twenty Years before the making thereof; and where no such Rent shall have been reserved or payable, that" then upon every such Grant, Lease, or Assurance, there be reserved a reasonable Rent, not being under the third Part of the clear yearly Value of such of the said Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Tithes, or other Hereditaments, as shall be contained in such Lease or Grant; and unless such respective Rents be made payable to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, who shall make such Lease or Grant, and to her or their Heirs or Successors, during the whole Term or Time of the Continuance thereof respectively.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, where the greatest Part of the yearly Value of any Tenements or Hereditaments belonging, or hereafter to belong, to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, doth or shall, at the Time of making any L afe or Grant thereof, consist of the Building or Buildings thereupon, which may want to be repaired or re edified, in all and every such Case and Cases, to encourage the Rebuilding or Reparation thereof, it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, at any Time after the said five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, to demise or grant such Tenements or Hereditaments to any Person or Persons for any Term or Estate, so as such Term or Estate do not exceed fifty Years, or three Lives, and so as such Lease or Grant be made' to commence from the Date or making thereof; or if such Grant or Lease be made to take Effect in Reversion or Expectancy, that then the same, together with the Estate or Estates in Possession, of and in the same Tenements or Hereditaments, do not exceed fifty Years, or three Lives, from the Date or making as aforesaid, and so as the same be not made difpunishable of Waste, and so as there be reserved and payable upon every such Lease or Grant, during such Term, not exceeding fifty Years, or three Lives, as much Rent as is by this Act required to be reserved for the same Tenements or Hereditaments respectively, in case of a Lease, not exceeding one and thirty Years, or three Lives as aforesaid, and not otherwise; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And to the Intent the Inheritance, which her Majesty hath of and in the said Hereditary Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, and of and in the said Revenue arising in the said general Letter Office or Poll Office, and in the small Branches of her Majesty's Revenue herein after mentioned (that is to say) The First fruits and Tenths of the Clergy, the Fines for Writs of Covenant and Writs of Entry, payable in the Alienation Office, the Post Fines, the Revenue of the Wine Licences, and the Revenue arising by Sheriffs Profers, and Compositions in the Exchequer, and by Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods, may be preferred in the Crown, for the future Benefit' thereof; Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, and the said Revenue arising in the said general Letter Office or Postoffice, and the said small Branches of her Majesty's Revenue last mentioned, or any of them, or any Part thereof, shall not hereafter be alienable or grantable by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for any Estate or Term whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of her Majesty, or of such King or Queen as shall make such Alienation or Grant reflectively; and that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, Leaks, and Assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of any the said Manors, messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Tithes, or other Hereditaments, or of any the said Revenues or Branches, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provisions of this Act, or any of them, shall be null and void, without any Inquisition, Scire facias, or other Proceeding, to determine or make void the same.

VIII. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to disable her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to make such Leases, Copies, or Grants, as he or they may make by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, for making Leases or Copies of Offices, Lands, or Hereditaments, Parcel of the Duchy of cornwall, or annexed to the same, or to alter or prejudice any the Powers, Matters, or Things therein contained, or to be done in pursuance thereof, or to disable her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to make any Grant or Restitution of any Estate or Estates hereafter to be forfeited for any Treafan or Felony whatsoever, or to disable her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to grant, demise, or assign any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, which shall be seized or taken into her or their Hands upon any Outlawry, at the Suit of her or their Subjects, as hath been usual, or any Estate whatsoever, which is or shall be seized, extended, or taken in Execution for any Debt owing or to be due to the Crown, as fly or they hall think fit, or to make any Grants or Admittances, which of Right or Custom ought to be made, of any Copyhold Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, Parcel of any Manor or Manors of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or to disable the Trustees for Sale of Fee Farm and other Rents, to execute any the Trusts, Powers, or other Matters or Things by them to be executed, done, or performed, in pursuance

Tenant punl/k* able for Waste. Ancient Rent reserved, C

and payable to the Queen, fact

Tenements, &c. belonging to the Crown, and wanting Reparation, or to be re edified, C Queen may grant such Tenements for 50 Years or three Lives, Scc.

not difpun fliable of Waste j

and Rent reserved to be paid.

Duties, C hereby granted not alienable by the Crown, C

Grants, C made contrary to this Act void.

Queen may make Leases, see. in her Duchy of Cornwall by virtue of an Ail 12 W, 3. C 13; and grant away or restore Estates forfeited for Treason, cor seized on Outlawry, or taken in Execution, and customary Grarts of copyholdestates. Trustees for Fee Farm Rents may execute their Trust, fire,

90 C 8. Anno primo Ann; Reginae. Stat. i. A.D. 1701.

of the several Acts of Parliament concerning the Sale of the said Rents, or the making of such Reprizes as ought to be made by them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Saving of Right, IX Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, other than to our Paid Sovereign Lady, her Heirs and Successors, all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of, in, or to, or out of the Revenues, Hereditaments, and other the Premises aforesaid, or any of them, as they or any of them had or ought to have had before the making of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VIII.

An act for explaining a Clause in an Act made at the Parliament begun and held at weji minster, the two and twentieth of November in the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government.

7 W. 3. C 27.

No Patent, C to cease by the late King's Death, but con linued for six Months, See,

No Patent, C to cease after the queen's Death,

but to continue for six Months, See,

Justices may proceed, cas if the King had been living, but in the queen's n.ime,

No Writ, C to be discontinued, C

Archiep. Armagh. V Regem, in domo prcco rum. 1728.

The like on the queen's Death, See,

No Proceedings in any Court of equity, C to cease j

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made at the Parliament begun and held at Westminster, the two and twentieth Day of November in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Go' vemment., it was among other Things enacted, That no Commission, either Civil or Military, should t cease, determine, or he void by reason of the Death or Demise of his said Majesty, or of any of his Heirs or Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, but that every such Commission should be, continue, and s remain in full Force and Virtue, for the Space of six Months next after any such Death or Demise, ' unless in the mean Time superseded, determined, or made void by the next and immediate Successor, to whom the Imperial Crown of this Realm, according to the Act of Settlement, in the same recited Act mentioned, is limited and appointed to go, remain, or defeend: And for as much as some Doubt may he conceived concerning the Extent of that Clause; for the avoiding of any Dispute or Question that may arise concerning the Construction thereof; 'Be it declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Patent or Grant of any Office or Employment, either Civil or Military, shall be taken, construed or adjudged, to cease, determine, or be void, by Reason of the Death or Demise of his said late Majesty, but that every such Patent or Grant shall be, continue and remain in full Force and Virtue, from and after the seventh Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and one, for the Space of six Months then next ensuing, unless in the mean Time superseded, determined, or made void by her present Majesty.

II. And be it further enacted, That no Patent or Grant of any Office or Employment, either Civil or Military, hereafter to be made, shall cease, determine, or be void, by reason of the Death or Demise of her present Majesty (whom God Almighty long preserve to reign over this Realm) or any of her Heirs or Successors, Kings or Queens of this Realm, but that every such Patent or Grant shall be, continue, and remain, in full Force and Virtue, for the Space of six Months next after any such Death or Demise, unless in the mean Time superseded, determined, or made void by the next and immediate Successor, to whom the imperial Crown of this Realm is limited and appointed to go, remain, or defeend.

III. And be it enacted and declared, That the Justices of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, Gaol Delivery, and Niftpritis, and Justices of the Peace, may proceed at their several Assizes and Sessions, as they might have done if his said late Majesty King William the Third were living, but as her Majesty's justices, and in her Name; and that no Writ, Plea, Process, or any other Proceeding upon any Indictment or Information for any Offence or Misdemeanour, nor any Writ, Process or Proceeding whatsoever, for any Debt or Account that was due or to be made to his late Majesty, or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or other Revenue that did belong to his late Majesty, depending at the Time of the Demise of his said late Majesty, shall be discontinued or put without Day, by reason of his Death or Demise, but shall continue and remain in full Force and Virtue, to be proceeded upon in like Manner as if his said Majesty were living.

IV. And be it further enacted, That no Writ, Plea, or Process, or any other Proceeding upon any Indictment or Information, for any Offence or Misdemeanour, or any Writ, Process or Proceeding, for any Debt or Account that shall be due or to be made to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for or concerning any Lands, Tenements, or other Revenue that shall belong to her or them, that shall be de at the Time of her Majesty's Demise (whom God long preserve) or of any of her Heirs or Successors, shall be discontinued or put without Day, by reason of her or any of their Deaths or Demises, but shall continue and remain in full Force and Virtue, ro be proceeded upon notwithstanding any such. Death or Demise.

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commission of Association, Writ of Admittance, or Si non omnes, Original Writ, Writ of Niftprius. Writ of Assistance, nor any Commission, Process, or Proceedings whatsoever, in or issuing out of any Court of Equity, nor any Process or Proceeding upon any Office or Inquisition, nor any Writ of Certiorari or Habeas Corpus, in any Matter or Cause, cither Criminal or Civil, nor any Writ of Attachment or Process for Contempt, nor any Commission

91

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. r. C 9:

fion of Delegacy or Review, for any Matters Ecclesiastical, Testamentary, or Maritime, or any Process thereupon, shall be determined, abated, or discontinued by the Demise of the said late King, but all and every such Writ, Commission, Process, and Proceedings, shall be and are hereby revived and continued, butbecontinutd; and shall be in full Force and Virtue, and Avail and may he proceeded upon as if his late Majesty were living; nor hereafter by the Demise of her present Majesty, or any King or Queen of this Realm, shall nor hereafter fcy any Commission of Assize, Oyer and Terminer, general Gaol Delivery, or of Association, Writ of Admit Majesty's tance, Writ of Si non omnes, Writ of Assistance, or Commission of the Peace, be determined; but every eat such Commission and Writ shall be and continue in full Force and Virtue, for the Space of six Months butbe in Force next ensuing, notwithstanding any such Demise, unless superseded and determined by her Majesty, her for Mentha. Heirs or Successors: also no Original Writ, "Writ of Nisi prius, Commission, Process, or Proceedings whatsoever, in or issuing out of any Court of Equity, nor any Process or Proceeding upon any Office or Inquisition, nor any Writ of Certiorari or Habeas Corpus in any Matter or Cause, either Criminal or Civil, nor any Writ of Attachment, or Process for Contempt, nor any Commission of Deligacy or Review, for any Matters Ecclesiastical, Testamentary, or Maritime, or any Process thereupon, shall be determined, abated, or discontinued, by the Demise of her Majesty, or any King or Queen of this Realm; hut every such Writ, Commission, Process, and Proceeding, shall remain in full Force and Virtue, to be proceeded upon, as if her Majesty, or such other King or Queen had lived, notwithstanding any such Death or Demise.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and Angular the Provisions, Clauses, Matters and Things what to extend to soever contained in this Act, and in that Part of the Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign Ireland, Jersey, of the late King, which is recited in this present Act, shall extend, and be construed to extend to and Guernsey, the Kingdom of Ireland, to the Islands of jersey and Guernsey, and to all her Majesty's Dominions in C

America and elsewhere,

And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act, and and to commence all other Acts to which the Royal Assent shall be given after the eighth Day of March one thousand from 8 Marctl seven hundred and one, and before the End of this present Session of Parliament, shall commence and 17011 begin, and be taken, construed and adjudged in Law, to commence and begin upon the said eighth

Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, unless in such Acts some other Time for Commencement thereof be specially limited and appointed.

CAP. IX.

An Act for continuing the Act made in the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, for better preventing the counterfeiting the Current Coin of this Kingdom.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, was, by a 8 W. 3. C 26.

Clause in another Act made in the ninth Year of his said majesty's Reign, continued in Force unto9w. 3. C zu

the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, and from thence to the End ' of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act hath been found of good Use, for suppress ing the counterfeiting the Current Coin of this Kingdom by such Tools and Instruments as are therein prohibitted Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, and every Ar -

and Clause therein contained, shall from henceforth continue and be in Force until the five and continued till! twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred 1709' and nine, and from thenceforth unto the End of the first Session of Parliament then next ensuing, and no longer.

II. And whereas in the aforesaid Act it is ordained, That no Prosecution shall be made for any Of ' fence against the said Act, unless such Prosecution be commenced within three Months after such Of

committed Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Prosecution of such Per Offenders maybe

son or Persons as offend against the said Act, by making or mending, or beginning, or proceeding to prosecuted in six make or mend any coining Tool or Instrument therein prohibited, or by marking of Money round the j|f°cnjhsafter edges with Letters or Grainings, may be commenced at any Time within six Months after such Offence, ni C 2c, committed; anything in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. 2,

III. And whereas by an Act of the last Parliament, in the twelfth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Wardens and Assay Masters, for afj aying vjrought Plate in the Cities of York, 12w. 3. C 4,

Exeter, Bristol, Chester, and Norwich, the said Cities of York, Exeter, Bristol, Chtfcr, and Norwich,

were appointed for the assaying and marking of wrought Plate, and for executing the Powers, Authorities, and Directions given by the said Act: And whereas in and by the said Act of Parliament it was further enacted, That all and every Goldsmith, Silversmith, and plate worker inhabiting in any Town or Place where an Assayer is not, or shall not be appointed, shall bring all his or their wrought Plate to some of the said Cities or Places to be assayed and marked, upon Penalty of Forfeiture of all such Plate or Manufacture of Silver, or the Value thereof, as shall be sold or exchanged before the same be marked and assayed And whereas in the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne there is, and Time out of Mind hath been, an ancient Company of Goldsmiths, which, with their Families, by the said Penalty are like to be

ruined, and the said Trade utterly lost in the said Town: And yyhepeas by the Statute of the second of

N 2 Henry

92

2 Hen. 6. C 14.

Newcastle upon Tyne appointed one of the Places for marking wrought Plate, C

Goldsmiths, &c. of Newcastle incorporated a' Company, CC

IO — i2.

Anno primo Anna: Regina. Stat.

A.D. 1701.

and may choose "War Jens,

Silver Plate how to be made and marked, C

Company may elect an assay master, C

See farther J 5 Geo. 2. c. 28.

£XP0

5 & 7 W, 3»

c*

continued for 11 Years.

Made perpetual 9 Geo. 1. C S.'

Henry the sixth, the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne is one of the Places appointed to have Touches for Wrought Silver Plate 5' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Town of jviw castle upon Tyne be and is hereby appointed for the allaying and marking of Wrought Plate, and for executing the several Powers, Authorities, and Directions mentioned and contained in and by the said Add of the twelfth Year of our said late Sovereign Lord King William, as fully and amply, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the said Town had been express, named in the said Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and plate workers, who are or shall be Freemen of, and inhabiting in the said Town of Newcastle, and having served an Apprenticeship to the said Trade of a Goldsmith, Silversmith, or plate worker, shall be and are hereby incorporated a Company of and belonging to the said Town, and shall be called or known by the Name of The Company of Goldsmiths of the said Town of Newcastle upon Tyne; which said Company shall be enabled, and are hereby authorised annually to choose two Persons to be Wardens of the said Company; which said Wardens shall continue for the Space of one Year and no longer, unless reelected by the said Company; and if either of the said Wardens shall happen to die, or remove out of the said Town, then the said Company shall within one Month after such Death or Removal choose another Person of the said Company to be Warden in his Room; and such Person lb chosen. shall and is hereby authorized and required to act accordingly.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Silver Plate or Manufacture of Silver (except such Things as by Renfon of their Smallness are not capable of receiving the Touch) shall be made and wrought of the same Fineness, and made, allayed, and marked with the Arms of the said Town, and other the Marks mentioned in the said Act, in such Manner and Form as in the said Act of the twelfth Year of his late majesty's Reign is mentioned; and that an assay master shall from Time to Time be cledted by the said Company of Goldsmiths in the said Town, who shall take such Oath as is therein prescribed, before the Mayor of Newcastle upon Tyne for the Time being, who is hereby appointed to ad minister the same; and that the said assay master, and all and every the Goldsmiths, Silversmiths, and plate workers, inhabiting in the said Townhall from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, observe and perforin all such Matters and Things, and be subject to all such Orders, Rules, Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, as in the same Act is mentioned, for and concerning the several Matters, Things and Offences therein contained, as fully, effectually and amply, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as if the said Town had been therein expressly mentioned; and the said Pains and Penalties shall be levied, recovered, disposed of and taken, in such Manner and Form as in and by the same Act is directed,

CAP. X

An Act for taking, examining, and stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

CAP. XI -

An Act for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries.

WHEREAS an Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King 1 W William the Third, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Gonjla hie. Scavenger, and other Par if) and jvard Offices, and from serving upon furies, has been by Experience found very useful and necessary: whereas the said Act was to continue but for seven Years, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and is now near expiring; ' Be it therefore enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, with all the Clauses and Powers therein contained, shall continue and be in Force for the Space of eleven Years, from and after the Expiration thereof, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament.

CAP. XII.

W. 3. C e. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by diverse Subsidies and a Land Tax. The Irish Trustees may 3 C ic before a4 June 1703. fell the forfeited Estates, &c. vested in them. Barracks erected on the said forfeit inthcpound, ec] Estates, &c. shall be conveyed to the Trustees for the Barracks, &c. for ever. Clothing, &c. may te exported out of Ireland for the three Regiments in the ivefc Indies, Sic.

CXII. And whereas there have lately been imported into your majesty's Dominions, Wines of the Growth of Hungary, 2nd some Doubts have arisen touching the Rates and Duties payable for the same upon such Importation; 'Be it declared and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to import from Hungary Wines Hamburg into the Port of London, and the Members thereof, or into any other Ports of this Kingdom, or may be imported the Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed., Wines of the Growth of Hungary, and upon from Hamourgh t]le Importation of any such Wines, there shall be paid such Rates and Duties only as by any Law now for rhenifces as n Force are due and payable for any Rhenish Wines, or Whies of the Growth of Germany, imported into wipes. this your Realm, or the Dominions thereof, by all your majesty's natural born Subjects, and by all Sfran

Fanber Prvvifi gers and Aliens respectively. ' CXIII.

oris concerning

5 Ann. C 27. 6 Geo. i. C j, j2 Gcs, I, C zs, 1 Cto. Z, St, 2, C 17, 10 Gw, z. f, j9, 17 gej.s. C 40. 18 Geo. a, 09, z6ceo. Z, «, 12. 30 Crtj a. r. 19 and 32 Geo. 2. r. 13.

93

A.D. 1701. Anno primo Ann, e Regime. Stat. r. C 13.

CXIII. And whereas the General society intituled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament for advancing a Sum not exceeding two Millions, for the Service of the Crown of England, by a Cove nant in the Charter to them granted by his late Majesty King William the Third, bearing Date the third Day of September in the tenth Year of his Reign, is obliged to furnish into her Majesty's Stores 4 (if demanded) five hundred Tuns of Salt Petre yearly for the first Coll, Freight, Duties, and other Charges thereupon, to be ascertained in the Manner therein mentioned; and the English Company tra ding to the East Indies, as a Member of the said General Society, is by a Covenant in the Charter gran

to the said Company, bearing Date the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of the Reign of his said ]ate Majesty King William, obliged to furnish yearly, a proportionable Part of the said five hundred Tuns (if demanded) and the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, also as a Member of the said General Society, are obliged to furnish yearly another Proportion of the said five hundred Tonnes (if demanded) and the particular Members of the said General Society 4 (other than the said Companies) are obliged to furnish yearly the Remainder of the said five hundred

Tonnes (if demanded) for the Cost, Freight, Duties, and other Charges aforesaid: whereas the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, and the said English Company, have agreed to unite their Capita] Stock in the said two Millions, and trade to the East Indies,

and other Parts within the Limits of their Charters whereunto they severally are intituled, under the Act

of Parliament of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not 9w. j, C 44.

exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, whereupon a new Charter is intended to be passed

Now it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from the twenty-ninth Day of i ov.^ntihhe September one thousand seven hundred and one, until the said Union shall be perfected, under the Great i/mon of the Seal of England, four hundred ninety four Tuns and one Quarter of good, clean and merchantable Salt two east-india Petre, shall yearly (if it be demanded) be delivered into the Stores of her Majesty, her Heirs and Succef Companies be fors, at the certain Price herein after limited (that is to say) by the said Governor amd Company of mer chants of London trading into the East Indies, for their Proportion, seventy eight Tuns and three Quarters; quarterof Salt and by the said English) Company, four hundred and fifteen Tuns and a half; and that after the perfecting pttreihall bede of the said Union, and during the Continuance thereof in a Joint Management, the like Quantity of four livered into her hundred ninety four Tuns and one Quarter of such Salt Petre, shall yearly (if demanded) be delivered into majesty's Stores, the said Stores by the said English Company, and its successors, out of the said United Trade: And after 1 Tuns

the Determination of such joint Management, then by the said Englifl) Company singly, during so long and t^arter" " Time as the said Englifa Company shall have Right and Power to trade to the East Indies, under the said yearly/m.

Act of Parliament in that Behalf; and that in like Manner from the twenty-ninth Day of September one 5 Tuns and 3. thousand seven hundred and one, the Quantity of five Tuns and three Quarters of good, clean and mer Quarters of Sale chantable saltpetre, shall yearly (if demanded) be delivered into the said Stores at the same certain Price, "tele by the other Members of the said General Society for the Time being. ^cer Members

CXIV. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Price of all the said Salt Petre, to be served of the said gene in Time of Peace, filial] be five and forty Pounds' Tun, and in Time of War shall fifty-three Pounds ral Society. per Tun; and that upon the refining the said Salt Petre, whether it he brown or white, if the Refraction priceofsalt be above fifteen Pounds in every one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, then the Overplus of such Re Petre, fraction, at the Rate aforesaid, shall be repaid to her Majesty, by the said Companies and Members respectively, out of the said Price; and if the Refraction be under fifteen Pounds in every one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight, then the said Companies, and other Members of the said general Society, shall be allowed and paid, at the Price aforesaid, so much more as the Difference between the real Refradlion of their Petre, and the said stated Refraction of fifteen Pounds per Centum, shall amount to.

CXV. And it is hereby further declared, That in any Charter to be granted to the said Companies, or Companies obli either of them, they shall be obliged by Covenant to deliver their Proportions of the said Salt Petre, be delivering paid for the same at the certain Prices aforesaid, according to this Act, instead of the Quantities whiche'^: 'p^" 10115 the said two Companies, or either of them, or the said particular Members, by the said former Charters aforesaid. are obliged to furnish, for the first Cost, Freight, Duties, and other Charges as aforesaid; thing in the said former Charters, or any of them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for making good Deficiencies, and for preserving the Public Credit.

WHEREAS several Bills of Credit, commonly called Exchequer Bills, were made forth and issued by diverse Acts of Parliament, which were made and passed in the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (of blessed Memory) and many of the said Bills have been already discharged out of several Aids or Supplies, which were provided by several Acts of Parliament, for or towards the discharging and cancelling the same; but over and above the Moneys already applied towards the discharging and cancelling of the said Bills, and over and above the Moneys which are yet to arise from the said Aids or Supplies formerly provided for that Purpose, it is computed, that there is and will be wanting the Sum of five hundred and fifteen thousand one hundred sixty five Pounds four Shillings and seven Pence Farthing, to discharge all the principal Moneys contained in such of the said Bills as are now landing out and unsatisfied, and so much more as will be sufficient to discharge all the Interest due, and to grow due thereupon: And whereas it appears that the Pound Rate or Land Tax of three Shillings in the Pound, granted to his said late Majesty, by an Act of Parliament in the eighth Year of his Reign, s W. 3. C 6.

hath

94 C 13. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. r. A.D. 1701.

hath not been sufficient to satisfy all the Loans which were made upon the Credit of the same Pound

Rate or Land Tax; and that over and above all Arrears of the said Pound Rate, not yet recovered, ' there is and will be deficient, and wanting, to discharge all the principal Money solent, the Sum of four hundred' and fifteen thousand ninety-nine Pounds, and so much more as will be sufficient to discharge the Interest after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum.) due and to grow due there upon: And whereas the Duties upon Paper, Pasteboard, Vellum, and Parchment, which were granted to his late Majesty for two Years, from the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six, £ by an Act passed in the eighth Year of his Reign, did prove inefficient to satisfy all the Moneys which were borrowed upon Credit of that Act, so that there is deficient and wanting the Sum of fifteen thousand four hundred Pounds to discharge all the principal Moneys so borrowed, and so much more as will satisfy the Interest, due and to grow due for the same, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per

Annum: And whereas several 'Pickets were made forth and issued by virtue of an Act made and paired 8w. 3. C 22. £; n the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, whereby certain Duties were laid upon Malt

and other Things therein mentioned, and many of the said Tickets have already been discharged out of the same Duties, or otherwise; but it is computed, that there is deficient and wanting to discharge all the principal Moneys contained in such of the said Tickets as are now standing out and unsatisfied, the Sum of five hundred seventy nine thousand and sixty Pounds, besides what will be necessary to discharge the Interest due, and to grow due, upon the said unsatisfied Tickets, or such of them as do bear Inte rest after the Rate of an Halfpenny per Diem, for each ten Pounds thereof: And whereas it is evident,

8 W, 3. c. 21. -that the Duties upon Leather, which were granted to his said late Majesty by an Act passed in the eighth

e Year of his Reign, for three Years, from the twentieth Day of April one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, and which were thereby appropriated to and for the Payment of so much as then remained unpaid of the Sum of five hundred sixty four thousand seven hundred Pounds, formerly lent upon certain Duties upon Coals and other Things therein mentioned, and the Interest thereof, have not been sufficient for that Purpose, so that there is wanting, to discharge the principal Money still remaining unpaid of the Sum last mentioned, the Sum of five hundred and four thousand four hundred thirty-eight Pounds, besides the Interest thereof, due and to grow due, after the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum 9w, 3. CI 38, ' per Annum: And that the Moneys granted to his said late Majesty, by the Act passed in the ninth Year of his Reign, for an Aid by a quarterly Poll for one Year, including therein such Arrears of the said Poll as are still recoverable, do not extend to satisfy all the principal Moneys which were borrowed upon the same Act, by the Sum of two hundred and twelve thousand seven hundred and seventy Pounds, seven teen Shillings, which with the Interest thereof, due and to grow dne, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, are and will be likewise deficient: And that the Moneys granted to his said late tow, 3. CI 9, Majesty by the Act passed in the tenth Year of his Reign, for granting the Sum of one Million four

hundred eighty-four thousand and fifteen Pounds one Shilling and eleven Pence three Farthings, for

disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions, whereupon a Credit was given for any Sum not exceeding one Million four hundred thousand Pounds, to be repaid with In 4 terest after the Rate of seven Pounds per Centum per Annum, have not extended to pay off all the Moneys borrowed upon the same Act, and the Interest thereof; but that there is a deficiency of twenty-five thousand eight hundred twenty-three Pounds two Shillings and nine Pence, which, together with all Arrears of the Aid last mentioned, not yet recovered, are wanting to clear off the Remainder of the principal Moneys so borrowed, besides what shall be necessary to discharge the Interest of the same: And whereas at Michaelmas, one thousand seven hundred and one, the Sum of seventy thousand eight hundred seventy two Pounds eleven Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, w as wanting to complete the Payments then due and incurred, for and upon the yearly Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand

9 W, 3; C 441 ' Pounds, which by an Act passed in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, was intended to be

paid out of certain Duties upon Salt, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and ought to have been made good in pursuance of the same Act; all which said Sums of Money so reckoned to be deficient or wanting, to > ay off the principal Money borrowed as aforesaid, or contained in the said Exchequer Bills and Malt ickets, do amount in the whole to the Sum of two Millions three hundred thirty-eight thousand six hundred twenty-eight Pounds, fifteen shil s lings, and five Pence three Farthings, besides the Interest due and to grow due as aforesaid. We, C

12 Car. 2. C 19. "14 Car. 2. C 11. CC 22 Car. 2. C 13, CC

5 Car. 2. C 6. 5 Car. 2. C 7 Jac. 2. C 19. w.3. c. 34.

W. 3. C 30. 1 W. 3 1 Car 2. C 4 &8 W. 3.

10.

CC CC

20. CC

CC CC

T unnage and Poundage continued until 1 Aug. 1710, [fhxfe Duties are farther continued by 5 Ann. C 27.] Act 12 Car. a, C 4. to be in Force until 1710. But not to determine Clauses intended to be perpetual. Duties on Wines, C granted by 1 Jac. 2. C 3. continued till 1710. Duties on Tobacco granted by 1 Jac. 2. C 4. continued till 1710. Duty to be levied according to 7 & 8 W. 3. C 10. Additional Impositions on Goods, C granted by 2 W. & M. ff. 2. C 4. continued to 1710. Act 7 & 8 W. 3. C 10. continued to 1710. Additional Impositions on Goods, sv. granted by 4 W. & M. C 5. continued to 1710. Lapis Caliminaris. Bar Iron, e. may be imported from Ireland. Duties on Vellum, fife, granted by 5 & 6 W. & M. C 21. and continued by 8 W. 3. C 20.* continued to 1710. Duties on Houses granted by 7 W. 3. C i8, 'continued till 1710. Duties on Whale Fins, C granted by9W. 3. C 45. continued till 1710.9 & 10 W. 3. C 45. continued till 1710."

3 W. C 20. 4

XV. And whereas by the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William,

intituled, An Act for making goad the Deficiencies of several Funds, therein mentioned, and for enlarging the f Qapital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising the publick Credit, it was enacted, That all the Moneys

3*which

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. i. C 14.. 95

which should arise and be brought into the Exchequer of or for the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage,

and other Duties upon Merchandizes, therewith continued by that Act, from the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, till the first Day of August one thousand seven

and six, and of and for Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, Enjl India Goods,

Wrought Silks, and other Puties therewith continued by the same Act, from the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the said additional and other Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Charges upon several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, thereby continued from the last Day of Febru ary one thousand six hundred ninety six, to the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, by the same Act continued from the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, Bu ' rials, Bachelors, and Widowers, thereby continued from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six; and of or for the several Rates or Duties upon Houses thereby continued from the five and twentieth Pay of March one thousand seven hundred and three, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six,

and all the Moneys (if any such should be) which after Satisfaction of such Principal and Interest Mo

as are therein mentioned, should arise by the Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, Wrought Silks, and other Goods, by an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of the said late King William, whereby the same were granted and continued until the said nine and twentieth 7 3* I0'

Day of September one thousand seven hundred and one; and all the Moneys which after Satisfaction of such Moneys and Bills as are therein mentioned, should arise by the Duties upon Houses formerly granted for seven Years, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety six; and all the Moneys which after Satisfaction of the Sums therein mentioned, and the Interest there ' of, should arise or be brought into the Exchequer, of and for the Duties upon Salt, which were granted to his said late Majesty King William the Third, his Heirs and Successors, by an Act of Parliament 7w 3- c-31*

which passed in the seventh Year of his Reign (together with the Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone

and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes, which are since taken away by Acts of Parliament) should be

the General Fund for making good the particular Funds in the said Act of the eighth Year of his said*3. C 20.

late majesty's Reign, expressed and computed to be deficient, and should be appropriated, issued and applied, for and towards the making good of the same deficient Funds, by the Payment and Satisfac

tion of the Principal and Interest, due and to grow due thereupon, in such Manner and Form as in

the said Act of the eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, is more fully expressed: whereas

1 by the abovesaid Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, for laying the said Duties upon9w 3: C S' ' Whale Fins, and Scotch Linens for eight Years, from the tenth Day of July one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, the same are directed to be applied to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of such Prin cipal and Interest Moneys, whereunto the said Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and earthenwares,

and Tobacco Pipes (since wholly taken away) ought to have been applied, as by the said several Acts of Parliament, Relation being thereunto respectively had, may more fully appear: 'Now to the End the abovementioned Deficiencies, for which no Provision hath hitherto been made, and which in this Act are computed to amount to two millions three hundred thirty-eight thousand six hundred twenty-eight Pounds, fifteen Shillings, and five Pence three Farthings as aforesaid, for principal Moneys (besides Interest) may be made good, and that all such principal Moneys, and the Interest thereof, may be well and sufficiently secured, and duly paid and satisfied. Be it, &c.

"Overplus of the several Duties granted by the Act 8 W. 3. C zo. and by the Duties on Salt, and on 8 W. 3- ' 6.

"Whale Sins, &c. to be Part of the General Fund, &c. Moneys arising by Tunnage and Poundage, 3- C 7>

"and by Wines, Vinegar, &c. and by the additional Impositions on Goods, &c. and on Vellum, &c. gw' 3' 4'

"and by the Duties on Houses, and on Whale Fins, &c. shall with the Overplus Moneys, &c. be the g &, o'w! 3." "General Fund for making good the deficient Funds herein expressed, &c. How the Moneys of the C 38.

"said General fundshall be issued and applied. Exchequer Bills. Malt Tickets. Other deficient Funds. 10 & 11w. 3; '"Moneys not divertible, nor misapplied. Arrears of any Duty appropriated, &c. how applied, impo ft, 9-. f p.

"fitions on Scpe, &c. granted by 2 W. & M. T. 2. C 4. to continue only to 1706. Treasury may ^"relating* "proceed in finishing the Accounts of the Treasurers of the Navy and Ordnance, &c. Moneys in the hereto, z3 "Hands of the Payrnafter of the Army how to be applied. Treasury may compound with Persons owing Anna, C 9.

"Money for Customs, Excise, &c. and on Payment of Composition, discharge the Remainder; and §*' hyimcb "particularly with Nathaniel Molineux. Commissioners for the Army Accounts to certify the Pay "such Sums as are due to any Troops, &c. in the late Army. Payrnafter on Certificate "to issue out Debentures, &c. Persons receiving such Debentures to give Security, &c. A Clause in "12 ft 13 W. 3. C 1. concerning Allowance for clothing the Troops, explained. Allowance of 5 /.

"percent. Interest on Arrears due to Officers and Clothiers, and for Transport Service, &c. Debts re "unsatisfied shall be made good, &c. with Interest, &c.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat for an Union between the Kingdoms 12 & 13 W, 3, of England and Scotland. Commissioners appointed by the Queen may treat with Commissioners of L Scotland concerning an Union of both Realms. Nothing treated of to be of force till confirmed by 11 I w' 3 parliament. EXP. e'

g6

A.D. 1701.

Water Measure described.

Fruit sold by Water Measure shall be heaped. Penalty,

Not to extend to iealed Measures allowed by the Fruiterers Company of London,

4. & 5 W. ts M. C 17.

5 Geo. 2. c. 28.

6 Geo. a. C 33. j3geo. a. C 28. 22 Geo. 2. 0, 45,

15 Car. 2. C 7. British Subjects may trade to Greenland, C

By 10 Geo. 1. c. 16. & 12 Geo. 1. c. 26. §, 7. british Subjects fishing in Greenland or in davis's Straights, mayim port Whale Fins, Oil, and Blubber, Custom free.' No Idarpooner, &c. to be inv pressed.

ec farther 28 Geo. a. C 20,

9&10w.3. c. 39.

Geo. 2. c. 20.

2. 15 — 17. Anno primo anne Regince. Stat. 2.

CAP. XV.

An Act to ascertain the Water Measure of Fruit.

WHEREAS Apples and Pears are frequently sold by Measure, commonly called jvatcr Measure £ the Contents whereof are very uncertain, and not ascertained by Law: And whereas the Un

tainty thereof occasions many frivolous and vexatious Suits between the Buyer and the seller be it therefore enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Measure, commonly called jvatcr Measure, shall be round, and in Diameter eighteen Inches and an Half within the pioop, and eight Inches deep, and no more, and foin Proportion for any greater or letter Measure; and that every Measure, commonly called Water Measure, by which Apples and Pears are sold, shall be heaped as usually; and that whosoever shall sell or buy any Apples or Pears by or with any other Measure, shall forfeit for every such Offence ten Shillings, one Half to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, being thereof lawfully conviaed by the Oath of one sufficient Witness before any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or other Head Officer of the County, City, or Town Corporate, where the said Offence shall he committed, who by virtue of this Act shall have Power to administer an Oath in that Behalf, which said Sum of ten Shillings shall be levied by Warrant from the said Justice of the Peace, Mayor, or other Head Officer, by the Petty Constable of the same Parish, of the Goods and Chattels of such Offenders, by way of Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, rendering to the Offender or Offenders the Overplus.

II. Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to any Measures sealed and allowed by the Matters, Wardens, Assistants and Commonalty of the Freemen of the Art or mystery of the Fruiterers of the City of London, to be used in the measuring of Fruit sold by them in the said City, and Liberties thereof, or within three Miles Distance from the same City.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade.

WHEREAS y an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, for encouraging the Greenland Fishery, a Company was thereby incorporated, giving Liberty to the said Company, exclusive to the rest of their Majesties Sub ' jeas, it is thereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Company thereby established, £ and for all and every the Ships and Vessels belonging to or employed by the said Company, and truly be longing to England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and whereof the Mailers shall be

Englishmen, and inhabiting within the Places aforesaid, and for no other Ship or Vessel whatsoever, ' from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety three, and until the first Day of October which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

seven, employed for the catching of Whales in the Greeland Seas, and other the Seas and Places aforesaid, during such their Voyages, to be navigated with one Third of the Mariners English at the least, and yet to pay no further or other Custom for the Oil, Blubber, or Sins caught and imported in such Ships or Vessels, than if such Ships or Vessels had been navigated with three Fourths of the Mariners English; ' any Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding: Provided always, and it is thereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no English Ship or other Vessel belonging to England, Wales, ' or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and which shall belong to, and be employed by the said Company

in the catching of Whales in the Greenland Seas, and other the Seas and Places aforesaid, shall enjoy any Benefit or Privilege by this Act, unless such Ship or Vessel did proceed on her Voyage for Grccn land, and those Seas, or for other the Seas and Places aforesaid, from England or Wales, or the Town' £ of Berwick upon Tweed, and was viaualled for the said Voyage in some of those Places, to be attested £ the colleaor of the Port where the same Ship or Vessel was viaualled: notwithstanding which, the said Company have of late wholly neglected and lost that Trade to this Nation: 'And therefore, for the

enlarging and encouraging the Greenland Trade, and for the better Improvement of the same for the Good of England, may it please your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful for any of her Majesty's subjects whatsoever, that will adventure to Greenland for fishing of Whales, to have and enjoy all the Privileges that were granted to the said Company by the aforesaid AA, and shall not pay any further or other Duty, than if they had been of the said Greenland Company; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding' '

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Harpooner, or other Foreigners that are permitted by the said Act for carrying on the said Fishery, shall be impressed for her Majesty's Service,

CAP. XVII.

An Act for continuing and amending the AA made in the ninth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the settling and adjujiing the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making

A.D. 1yoi: Anno primo anne Regina. Stat. i. C 18. 97

f Gold and Silver Thread, and to prevent the Ab tides of wire drawers. In Silver gilt used by the wire drawers, Quantity of fine Gold to a Pound of Silver. No gilt Wire to be coloured with Verdigreece,

(Ac. Six Ounces of Plate to cover four Ounces of Silk, &c. How Gold and Silver Plate shall be spun. All Metals inferior to Silver shall be spun on Thread, &c. No Gold or Silver Thread, &c. to be imported. Add to continue seven Years. Penalty on selling Gold or Silver Orice Lace mixed, &c. or selling by any other Weight than Troy Weight; or making Goods contrary to this Act, (Ac,

EXP.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to explain and alter the Act made in the two and twentieth Year of King Henry the Eighth, concerning repairing and amending of Bridges in the Highways: And for repealing an Act made in the twenty-third Year of Queen Elizabeth, for the re edifying of Cardiffe Bridge in the County of Glamorgan: And also for changing the Day of Election of the Wardens and Assistants of Rochester Bridge.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of King«H 8. C 5.

Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act concerning repairing and amending of Bridges in the High concerning the ways, it is amongst other Things therein enacted, That in every Case where it cannot be known and 0

proved what Persons, Lands, Tenements, and Bodies Politic ought to make and repair such Bridges, b '

that for speedy Reformation _ and Amending of such Bridges, the Justices of the Peace within their several Counties, Shires, Ridings and Divisions, Cities and Towns Corporate, or any four of them,

whereof one to be of the Shtorum, shall within the Limits of their several Commissions call before them the Constables of every Town and Parish, or else two of the moll honest Inhabitants of every Town and Parish. and with the aitent of the said Constables or Inhabitants, shall tax and set every Inhabitant in such City, Town, and Parish, to such reasonable Aid, and Sums of Money, as they shall think by their Discretions convenient for the repairing of such Bridges, and after such Taxation made, shall cause the Names and Sums of every particular Person so by them taxed, to be written in a Roll indented, one Part whereof is to be delivered under the Hands and Seals of the said Justices, to two Collectors appointed by the said Justices for every Hundred, who are thereby empowered to collect the same; which Method and Manner of taxing and collecting the said Money for Repair of decayed Bridges, and the Highways thereunto adjoining, having by long Experience been found very troublesome, burden some, and chargeable to the several Counties, Cities, Towns Corporate, Ridings and Divisions: 4 whereas in many Places within this kingdom, more Money than is necessary for the Repair of such Bridges hath been taxed and collected, or the Money which hath been so taxed and collected hath been mifimployed, ard not laid out in the Repair of such Bridges as was intended For Remedy of all which Mischiefs and Inconveniences for the future, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said Act of the two further conti and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said King Henry the Eighth, not hereby altered, hall be and nue'i* continue in full Force and Virtue, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever, relating to the repairing of decayed Bridges, and the Highways thereunto adjoining.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more easy taxing and collecting Forcolleaing of the Money for the Repair of decayed Bridges, and that the same may be duly applied to the Purposes Money for re for evhich it is intended, the justices of the Peace, within the several Limits of their Commissions, shall, pay of decayed at their General or Quarter sessions of the peace, from and after the first Day of May, which shall be in oa>eace may" the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, have full Power and Authority, upon due assess' every y Presentment to them made, that any Bridge within their respective Commissions or Authorities is out Town, C in of Repair, and which by them hath usually, or ought to have been repaired and maintained, to assess Proportion, upon every Town, Parish or Place within their respective Commissions, in Proportions upon each respective sown and Parish, as they usually have been afiefled towards the Repair of Bridges; which Mo Assessments how ney so afiefled as aforesaid; shall be levied and collected by the respective Constables of each Parish, to be levied, C Township, Hamletyir viii, or by such other Person and Persons, and in such Manner, as the said Justices by their Order at such Sessions, hall in that Behalf direct and appoint, and the Money thereby raised shall (by such Constables or other Persons, so as aforesaid by them collected) be paid over by them to the High Constables of every Hundred, in any such County, cpy, Riding, or Division, in six Days after they shall have received the lame, and the High Constables shall and are hereby required, inten Days after their Fmceipt, to pay the same into the Hands of such Person and Persons as the said Justices, by their Order, at such Sessions shall direct and appoint to be Treasurers and Receivers of the Treasurers to be same, and the Money thereby raised shall be employed and accounted for according to the Orders appointed, and and Directions of the said justices, for and towards the Amending of such decayed Bridges, and Moneys how bathe Highways at the End of the said Bridges, from.time to Time, as Need shall require; and thef10^' said Assessments shall he levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of every Person so afiefled, not paying On Nonpayment the lame within ten Days after Demand, rendering the Overplus of the Value of the Goods so distrained to be levied by to the Owner and Owners thereof, the necessary Charges of making and selling such Distress being first Distress deducted.

O

C 18. Anno primo Ann, Reginae. stat.i. A.D. 1701.

TTT anh tcnh tvtnf tpp a/tnnpxr whiz ti 10 Kp otirl moxr Vxr» ^nlxr

Penalty on Con

ftabl«, &c,

fines, to be paid to the Treasurer,

Matters concerning Repair of Bridges, C where to be determined.

Justices to allow 3 d. in the Pound, C

[General Issue.]

Double Costs

Persons and Things exempted.

Penalties how to be levied.

23 e!iz. C 11. repealed.

Cardiffe Bridge deemed a common Bridge: Kow it shall be repaired.

Orders heretofore made not to be annulled.

III. And to the End that the Money which is hereby intended to be assessed and levied, may be duly collected, paid and applied to the several Purposes for which it is intended, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every High Constable, Churchwarden, Overseer of the Poor, or Petty Constable, or other Person that shall neglect to assess, coiled! or pay the Money hereby intended to be rai fed, as is herein before directed, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings; and every Treasurer that shall pay any Money but by Order of such Justices of the Peace, at such Sessions (which Order the said Justices are hereby required and commanded to make only for the building, repairing, or amending such Bridges, and the highways at the End of such Bridges as aforesaid) shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five Pounds.

IV. And whereas upon Preferments, and Indidhnents for not repairing such Bridges, and the High ways at the End of such Bridges, the Fines imposed and set upon such Preferments and Tndidtments,

5 and other Fines and Issues for not repairing, building and amending such Bridges, and the Highways at £ the end of such Bridges, are returned into the Court of Exchequer, or aether Courts; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fine, Issue, Penalty or Forfeiture, shall hereafter be returned into the Court of Exchequer, or other Court, but shall be levied and paid into the Hands of the Treasurer or Treasurers, so as aforesaid appointed by the said Justices, to be accounted forby the said Treasurer, and to be applied by the said Justices towards the building, repairing or amending such Bridges, and the Highways at the End of such Bridges, and to no other End or Purpose whatsoever.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Matters concerning the repairing and amending of the Bridges and Highways herein before mentioned, shall be determined in the County where they lie, and not elsewhere; and that no Presentment or indi&nent for not repairing such Bridges, or the Highways at the End of such Bridges, shall be removed by Certiorari out of the said County into any other Court.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Justices of the Peace at such General Quarter sessions as aforesaid, shall have full I ower and Authority to allow such Persons concerned in the Execution of this present Act, any Sum not exceeding threepence in the Pound.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be hereafter commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons by this Act authorised to put the same in Execution, every Person or Persons so sued may plead the General Issue, and give this Actor the said recited Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and the spe eial Matter, in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him or her, the said Defendant and Defendants shall recover his and their double Costs, for which he and they shall have the like Remedy, as in Cases whero Costs by Law are given to Defendants.

VIII. Provided always, That this Act nor anything therein contained shall excuse or discharge any particular Persons, Estates, or Places from repairing any Bridge, which they have heretofore usually repaired.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by this Act shall be applied towards the repairing the said Bridges, and Highways at the Ends of the same.

X. And whereas great Inconveniences have been occasioned by the uncertain Meaning of an Act made in the twenty third of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for the re edifying ap Cardiffe Bridge in the County of Glamorgan; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, That the Act aforesaid be from henceforth repealed, and the same is hereby declafed to be repealed, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XI. And whereas the Town of Cardiffe in the said County was, before the said Act of Queen Elizabeth, obliged to pay and discharge the whole Expense for the Repair of the said Bridge, but in Regard of the Poverty of the said Town, five Parts of the said Expence was by the said Act directed to be raised on the County, and the sixth Part only on the said Town of Cardiffe: And whereas the Poverty £ of the said Town is since much increased, by reason of the great Decay of Trade in the said Town; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, for a more effectiial Provision for the Time to come, That the Bridge aforesaid, commonly called Cardiffe Bridge, shall from henceforth be reputed and adjudged to be a common and a public Bridge, to be repaired from Time to Time by the County of Glamorgan; and that the Justices of the Peace for the Time being for the County of gla?nerg; an flail have full Power and Authority, from Time to Time, as Occasion shall require, at their General Quarter sessions, to make Orders, and execute the same, as well within the Town of Cardiffe, as elsewhere within the County of Glamorgan, touching the rebuilding and repairing of the Bridge aforesaid, and Wears thereto adjoining or Belonging, in the same Manner as any the Justices of any other County have, or may have, concerning other common and public Bridges, by this or any other Lav whatsoever.

XII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or extend to make void or annul any Order heretofore made touching the Repair of the Bridge and Wears aforesaid

And whereas many private Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, are of Right obliged to £ repair such decayed Bridges, and the Highways thereunto adjoining, but because the Inhabitants of the County, Riding, or Divihon, in which such decayed Bridge or Highways lie, have not been allowed,

upon Informations or Indictments brought against: such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

for

99

for not repairing such decayed Bridges, and the Highways thereunto adjoining, by the Judges before whom such Information or Indictment is to be tried, to be legal witnesses; ' Be it enacted and declared, Evidence of In that in all Informations or Indictments to be brought and tried in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or at the Assizes or Quarter sessions of the Peace, the Evidence of the Inhabitants, being 11 ot'

credible Persons, or any of them, of the Town, Corporation, County, Riding, or Division, in which such decayed Bridge or Highway lies, Ihrdl be taken and admitted in all such Cases, in the Courts ufo.c said; any Custom, Rule, Order, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for the perpetual Maintenance of Rochester Bridge, it iselii. C 17.

is amongst other Things enacted and appointed, That the Election of the Wardens and Assistants of the said Bridge Should be made on the Morrow after the General Quarter sessions of the Peace held for the County of Kent, next after the Feast of Eajier: And whereas the said Time of the Election, appointed by the said Act, hath been found to be very inconvenient, in respect of the Uncertainty of the ending of the said Sessions, whereby the Inhabitants of the Parishes, and others that are to attend the war(iens C ' said Election, have been put to great Expense and Trouble; ' Be it therefore enacted, That all and (1f k.ocheaer' every the future and succeeding Wardens and Assistants of the said Bridge shall be yearly chef n, at the Bridge to be cho usual Place of such Election, at or upon one certain Day yearly (that is to say) Friday in the Week next ten annually on following the Week or ea/ler yearly: And that all and every the Wardens and Assistants respectively, ter. so to be elected upon Friday in the Week next following the Week of Easter, shall successively have, ule, and enio/the exercise, and enjoy the same Power, Authority, Capacity, and Privileges respectively, as any former or fdn.x p0, tr. other Wardens or Assistants of the said Bridge respectively have had, used, exercised and enjoyed; and Fanher prmifi that all other due Requisites, Matters, Circumstances, and Things hereafter used and observed, in and concerning about the Election of the said Wardens and Assistants respectively, shall be used, performed and observed; and that all and every the Inhabitants and Housholders of any Parish or Parishes, and all and every other 'j'cfa \\ C Person and Persons, who by reason of any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom, have used, or ought to be d CA. i6cf. present, and give their Attendance at the Elections of the Wardens and Assistants of the said Bridge, 2.029. 2ig«. shall be present, and give the like Attendance, and do and perform all other Things in and about the ^. c.zt. 2 Election of all and every future Wardens and Assistants of the said Bridge, upon every Friday in the Week next following the Week of Easter yearly, as they have heretofore used, done and performed, upon the dfy.

Morrow after the General Quarter sessions of the Peace next after the Feast of Eajier. zy Geo. 2. C 40!

30 Geo. Zm C S

CAP. XIX - 3j Geo. 2. c. 29

An Act for the rebuilding and repairing the Piers of the Town and Port of Whitby in the County of York, j xp.

Duties to be paid. For Coals shipped at Newcastle, &c. 1 q. per Chaldron, and landed in Whitby Haven, 7 Geo. 1. flat.

6 d. per Chaldron. Salt 2 s. per Weigh. Malt, &c. d. per Quarter. Foreign Goods imported. Butter i C 16.

1 d. per Firkin. Dried Fish, &c. 1 d. per Score. Barrelled Fish, 3 d. per Barrel. English Ship entering Revived by^Port, izd. Top 4d. Foreign Ship 2s. Top 4d. Collector to have 6d. in the Pound. Trustees s e0'2'c>10> once a Year to make up an Account, &c. Lord of the Manor, &c. may examine the same. Trustees may contrast for repairing the Piers, &c. And engage the Profits of the Duties for Moneys borrowed,

(Ac. After 6, 000l. is raised, &c. the 1 q. per Chaldron to cease. Trustees Account to be laid before the Justices, &c. On Death of Trustees, Survivors to cleft a new one. Penalty on throwing Ballad, '

(Ac. into the Harbour. Coal Ships belonging to Great Yarmouth exempted from Duty, on Certificate and Oath, &c.

CAP. XX.

An Act for making the River Derwent, in the County of York, navigable. Undertakers for making the P R.

River Derwent navigable, from Scarborough Mills to New Malton, C may make new Cuts, &c. and set out towing paths, satisfying Owners of Lands for Damages, &c. Persons declining Commissioners Mediation, Sheriff of York to impanel a Jury, who may view the Place in Quefcion, and on Oath may inquire and assess Damages. Commissioners to give Judgement thereupon, which shall be binding, &c.

On Payment, &c. Undertakers may aft, &c. Commissioners not to act where concerned. In case of Death, &c. of Commissioners, Survivors may appoint others, having 150l. per Annum, or 3, 000l.

Rates on Goods, &c. to be paid. On nonpayment, Goods, &c. may be stopped. Watermen may setup Winches. Mailer of Boat or Vessel, answerable for Damages, &c. Commissioners to survey the River, &c. Undertakers to bear the whole Charge of cleansing, &c. Undertakers to satisfy Owners of Mills, &c. for Damages. In case the Course or Stream of the River be raised, Undertakers to raise the Banks proportionably, &c. Marsh Lands most in danger of being drowned, &c. Undertakers to give Security for maintining the Rents thereof.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures'

at the customhouse.

FOR Prevention of evil Practises frequently made use of in defrauding her Majesty of her Duties 5lfr C 7.

upon Salt, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Conc o

font of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by (hexumbet&rc. the Authority of the same, J hat all and every Person and Persons, being a Maker of Salt, or a Refiner 01 their salt firs of Rock Salt, or being a Proprietor of any Salt Works or Salt Pits, shall, on or before the four and and Bans, co

2 twentieth

100 C 21

- Anno prirao anne Reginae. Stat. i. A.D. 1701.

Penalty;

Penalty on erecting Salt Works, C without Notice given.

Officer may enter into Salt Work, C

Penalty on Rcfttfal.

Penalty on Salt found, and not entered, or Duty paid,

Salt Carriers removing Salt before Entry, &c. Officer may seize the same, &c.

on Nonpayment of the Penalties, C to be imprisoned.

Penalty on person handling or abuhng Officer.

twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and two, make a true and particular Entry in Writing under his and their respective Hands, at the next Salt Office to their respective Pits, Works, or Places of Habitation, of the Number and Situation of his and their respective Salt Pits and Salt Works, and of the Number of Pans in each Salt Work, and of the Number and Situation of every Storehouse, Warehouse, and other Place, by him or them made use of, for the making, refining, or keeping of Salt or Rock Salt, on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of forty Pounds; and all and every Maker of s^tlt, Refiner of Rock Salt, and Proprietor of any Salt Works or Salt Pits, who, after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and two, shall erect, setup, or make use of any Salt Work, Salt Pit, Salt Pan, Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place, for the making, laying, refining, or keeping of Salt or Rock Salt, without giving Notice thereof at the next Salt Office, shall forfeit and lose for every Salt Work, Salt Pit, Salt Pan, Storehouse, Warehouse, or other Place so erected, setup, or made use of, without such Notice as aforesaid, the Sum of forty Pounds.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the several Officers for the said Duties, to enter into all and every the Works, Warehouses, Storehouses, and other Places made use of by any Maker, Refiner, or Importer of Salt, or Proprietor of Rock Salt, for the better looking after the said Duties, and preventing Frauds therein; and if any Salt Maker, Importer of Salt, or any Refiner or Proprietor of Rock Salt, after the said four and twentieth Day of June, shall, upon due Request or Demand made by the Officers for the said Duties, in the daytime, or in the Night in the Presence of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, refuse to permit such Officer to enter and come into his or their Works, Warehouses, Storehouses, or other Place by him or them made use of for making, laying, refining, or keeping of Salt, such Maker and Importer of Salt, and the Refiner or Proprietor of Rock Salt, respectively, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds.

III. And whereas great Quantities of Salt are frequently found in the Custody or Possession of several Persons who live near the Salt Works or Seacoasts, which Salt is not duly entered, nor any Duties paid for the same, and if discovered by the Officers for the said Duties, the Persons in whose Custody or pof session the same is found, pretend that the same doth not belong to them, so that the Penalties by Law ' imposed on the Persons that landed such Salt, or removed the same from the Salt Work, without Entry or Payment of Duties, cannot be inflicted on such Offenders: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person in whose Custody or Possession any Salt shall be so found, which hath not been duly entered, and the Duties thereof paid, or secured to be paid, shall, in case the same be foreign Salt, be liable to the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as if such Person had landed the same without Entry or Payment of Duties, or giving Security for the same; or in case the same shall be English Salt, then to be liable to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as if such Person had removed such Salt from the Salt Works, without Entry, or paying or securing the Duties thereof, and without any Ticket or Licence obtained for removing the same, unless the Person or Persons, in whose Custody or Possession such Salt shall be found, shall make it appear, upon the Trial or Hearing of the Information for such Offence, that he bought such foreign or english) Salt of a Maker, Retailer, or Importer of Salt, and of whom he so bought the same.

IV. And whereas several Persons, especially Salt Carriers, do frequently carry Salt from the Salt Works and Storehouses of the Makers of Salt, without Entry or Payment of Duties, or giving Security for the same; and when they find themselves pursued by the Officers for the said Duties, with Force obstruct and hinder the Officers from making Seizures thereof, and frequently beat and abuse them, ' whereby they are very much discouraged in Performance of their Duties; and sometimes the said Persons scaster the said Salt on the Ground, or cast the same into Water, to prevent the Seizure thereof; and the said Offenders being for the most part very poor, are not able to pay the Penalties by Law im posed on them for such Oftences, and sometimes before such Penalties can be adjudged against them, ' make their Escapes to remote Parts, and cannot be found: 'For Remedy thereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Salt Carrier, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, remove or convey any Salt from any Salt Works, or Place thereunto belonging, without due Entry of the same, and Payment of the Duties thereof, or giving Security for such Duties, or without Warrant, Ticket, or Licence for carrying or removing the same, that then and in every such Case, it hall be lawful for the Officers for the said Duties, not only to seize the Salt so removed, but also to apprehend the said Offender or Offenders, and carry him, her and them before one of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where the Offence shall be committed: And in case the said Offence shall be proved before the said Justice of the Peace, and the Offender or Offenders shall not forthwith pay down the Penalties by the Laws relating to the said Duties imposed on such Offender or Offenders, for the Offence so proved on such Offender or Offenders, and no sufficient Distress can be found whereupon to levy the same, it shall be lawful for the said Justice of the Peace to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month: And if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers for the said Duties in the Execution of his or their Offices, or the Powers given them by this at _ any other Law relating to the said Duties, or shall beat or abuse the said Officers, or any of them, in the Execution of his or their Offices, such Person and Persons shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds; and for Nonpayment thereof, and in Default of Distress whereby to levy the same, it shall and may be lawful for any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon due Proof of such Offence, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding o&e Month.

i

101

A

D. 1701. Anno primo Annje Regina. Stat. r, C 21.

C V And whereas several Persons do make use of Brine taken out of Brine Pits or Brine Pans, for cu Penalty on Per ring or pickling of Flesh and Fish, or for prefeiving of other Provisions, without boiling the same into s°n u(in^ 'r|re ' Salt, and also of Rock Salt or Salt Rock, without refining the same into White Salt, whereby her Ma p^in^offieik jesty's Duties on Salt are mnch prejudiced For Prevention thereof be it enacted by the Authority a nr j.jfh.'foresaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and the like pe two, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall make use of any such Brine before the same is boiled into Salt, nalty, or Persons or of any Rock Salt or Salt Rock, before the same is refined into White Salt, for the pickling or curing fj^hepitt of Flesh or Fish, or for the preferring of any Provisions; Pain of forfeiting the Sum of forty Shil e', pr0pr?e lings for every Gallon of such Brine or Pound of Rock Salt or Salt Rock so made use of, contrary to the tors of Pans, C true Intent and Meaning of this ab, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity. 5 Geo. i. C 18.

*V And whereas her Majesty is very much defrauded of her Duties upon foreign Salt, by the diffe § l7'

rent and uncertain measuring of the same, upon the Importation and Exportation thereof for Reme..^dy thereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day weigfirvemed of June eighty-four Pounds Weight of foreign Salt shall be deemed and taken to be a Bushel of foreign a Bushel of so salt, both upon the Importation and Exportation thereof; anything herein, or in any former Law to the reign Salt, contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CVII. And whereas the Importers of foreign Salt do bring the same in Vessels on the several Coasts of this Kingdom, and Dominion of U'ales, and lie hovering off the said Coasts, and will not bring the same in rort, or land the said Salt, until they can get an Opportunity of running such Salt without En

or Payment of Duties; and in many Cases where they do bring the same into Port, yet continue such Salt in Port on board their Vessels, and refuse to enter or land the same, and in the nighttime, or

Absence of the Officers from on board such Vessels, privately run the said Salt otyshore, without En ' try or Payment of Duties, or giving Security for the famefor Prevention thereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, where any Ship or Vessel laden with Salt shall be found hovering on the Coasts of England or Wales, not directly proceeding on her Voyage to some Port, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers of the Customs,

or the Officers for the said Duty on Salt, to go on board such Vessels, and compel the same to come into officer miycom port, and to continue on board such Ships or Vessels until the Salt shall be unladen, or the said Ship or pel ship laden Vessel shall depart from the said Port, on her intended Voyage, to fonie other Place; and if the Persons Salt, and on board such Ship or Vessel, or any other Ship, or Vessel importing Salt, shall neglect or refuse to enter or unlade such Salt, for the Space of twenty Days after the same is come into Port, or within that Time to depart and proceed regularly on their Voyage to some other Place, unless permitted by the Chief Offi antj on Refufel cer of the Customs for that Port to make a longer Stay, then and in such Case, all the Salt on board such mayen'er, C Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Master of such Ship Salt forfeited, or Vessel, or the Person commanding the same in that Voyage. c

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four No foreign Salt

and twentieth Day of June no foreign Salt shall be imported from Parts beyond the Seas, in any Ship or to be imported Vessel of less Burden than twenty Tuns, and in Bulk only (except for the necessary Provisions of the in any lcf! Ships) upon Pain of forfeiting the said Salt, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Person ^acn 2t°0^uns' importing the same. Penalty.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twen gs pounds

tieth Day of June, sixty five Pounds Weight of Rock Salt shall be deemed and taken to be a Bushel of Weight of Rock Rock Salt; anything in the said former Acts contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwith salt deemed a standing. Bushel.

X. And it is hereby also enafied, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, no No Rock Salt to

Rock Salt whatsoever shall be refined or made into White Salt in any Place or Places whatsoever, within be refined but the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed (except such Places as within 70 Miles are or shall be within ten Miles Distance of the respective Pit or Pits from whence such Rock Salt shall March be taken, or at such Places as upon or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and two provided for by shall have been used for the refining of Rock Salt) under the Pain of forty Shillings for every Bushel of i anme. c. rock Salt that shall be melted or refined in any House, Place or Places, not by this Adb allowed for that 14 § Purpose, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity. i

Farther Provisions 5 Annas, C 29. §. 16. 8 Geo. - C in § s.

e XI. And whereas by the several abs for laying Duties upon Salt, any Person exporting Salt to Parts beyond the Seas, is intituled to a d.awback of the whole Duty of the Salt so exported; and it is found by Experience, that many Exporters of Salt and Rock Salt, after they have obtained the said draw tack, or a Debenture for the same, do privately reland such Salt or Rock Salt in England or Wales, without paying the Duties thereof upon such Relanding: 'For Prevention thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June no Debenture shall be made or granted, or Drawback allowed to be paid, for or upon Account of the Exportation of any Salt or Rock Salt for Ireland, until the Exporter of the said Salt or Rock Salt shall produce, to the Officer appointed to make such Debenture, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of the Customs of the port in Ireland, where such Salt or Rock Salt shall be landed, or the Person executing his Office, of the particular Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt adbually landed, to be computed after the Rate of fifty six Pounds Weight to the Bushel, in case the same shall be English White Salt, and after the Rate of sixty five Pounds to the Bushel, in case the same shall be English Rock Salt, and after the Rate of eighty-four Pounds to the Bushel, in case the same shall be foreign Salt; which Salt and Rock Salt is hereby diredbed and

No Drawback allowed on Exportation of Salt, without Certificate of the Quantity landed, C

By 4 Annse, C 12. §« 11". a Drawback is to be allowed for Salt loit, 3ui.y

collectors to weigh such Salt, and make Certificate gratis, C

if Salt Ship be diove into Port by.stress of Weather, C

Officer may come on hoard, C

Penalty on refilling to admit him.

It Salt be put on Shore before Entry, C Cargo forfeited.

Salt shipped to be transported.

Officers to e press in the coc quei the Quantity thereof, C

6 Further Provisions relating hereto, 5 Geo.

J. C l3. §. 25.*

Penalty

No Fish, &c. shall be imported, but what was cured with Salt for which Duty is paid, and no Drawback also w£d, s.

[Penalty.]

Officers for the Salt Duties may go on board all Ships exporting Salt, C

Penalty on per iz su ohifcni&jnz,

C 2*. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. 1. A.D. 1701.

and required to be weighed by the said. Collectors or Peri ons executing their respective Offices, and the said Certificate to be made gratis and without Delay. And it is hereby enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed or paid for more Salt or Rock Salt, of the Quantity exported in such Veiled, than what shall appear by such Certificate to have been actually landed in Ireland.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Ship or Vessel laden with Salt exported, to be carried to Parts beyond the Seas, shall, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, by St refs of Weather or otherwise, be drove or come into any Port, Creek, Harbour or other Place within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer of Excise on Salt for such Place, appointed or to be appointed for that Purpose by the Commissioners of Excise, to enter or come on board such Ship or Veiled, and there to continue and be, till the said Ship or Vcit'd shall unlade her Cargo, or return to Sea to go her intended Voyage, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be recovered of the Mailer of such Ship or Vessel, who shall refule such Officer so to come and continue on board as aforesaid. And if the said Master. any other Person, shall unlade or put on Shore any Part of the said Salt, before due Entry or Repayment of the Duty, as by the Statutes in that Behalf made is provided that then, and in every such Case, not only the said Salt so unladen, but all'o the whole Cargo of Salt in such Ship or Veiled remaining, shall be forfeited and loll.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Salt, as well foreign as English, shall be laid on board any Ship or Veiled, either to be transported to Parts beyond the Seas, or carried Coastwise, to be relanded in England, Wales, or Berwick, the Officer of the Cuiloms of the Port where the said Sait shall be laden on board any such Ship or Veiled, shall in the Cocquets made out and delivered for such Ship or Vessel (which Cocquet shall be also signed by the Officer in the said Port appointed by the Commissioners of Excise for the Duty on Salt, and given without Fee or Delay) express the particular Quantity of Salt so laden on board: And in case such Ship or Veiled shall come into any Port, Creek, Harbour or Place in England, Wales, or Berwick, it shall be lawful for the Officers of the Cuiloms, or other Officers for the said Duties, to go on board any such Ship or vessel, and demand a Sight of such Cocquet, and in case he or they shall have just Cause to suspect that there is not so much Salt on board as the Quantity exprdted in such Cocquet, and shall make Affidavit thereof before the collector or Customer of the said Port, or Person executing their or either of their Offices, to weigh all the Salt remaining on board; and in case, upon such weighing, there shall appear not to be so much Salt on board as the Quantity expressed in such Cocquet, making reasonable Allowance for the Waste of the said Salt since its Exportation, and making also Allowance (for Salt going Coastwise) of Salt delivered at another Port, and endorsed in the Salt Permit, going with the said Vessel, as delivered at such Port, then and in such Case the said Salt so remaining on board shall be forfeited and lost.

XIV. And for Prevention of Frauds frequently praflifed in curing Fish at Sea with Salt, which hath not, or shall not have been entered, nor the Duties thereof paid, or secured to be paid, according to the Directions of the former Laws, or with Salt exported from England or Wales, the Duties whereof shall have been repaid upon such Exportation, or Debentures obtained, in order to the drawing back of the same; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and two, no fish, for which Allowances are by Law given upon Exportation, shall be imported, brought in, or landed within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, unless the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish, or the Master of the Vessel, shall make Oath before the Officer for the said Duties, in the Port or Place where such Fish shall be imported, brought in, or landed, (who shall administer the same without Fee or Charge) That all the Salt wherewith the said Fish was cured, was laden or put on board from some Port of England, Wales, or Berwick, and that no Drawback or Allowance, or Debenture for the same, hath to his Knowledge or Belief been had or obtained, or is intended to be had or obtained, upon the Exportation or carrying out of the said Salt, or any Part thereof; upon Pain of forfeiting such Fish that shall be imported, brought in or landed, contrary to the Intent or Meaning hereof, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

XV. And whereas the Officers appointed by the Commissioners of Excise to take Care of the Duties on imported Salt, and to prevent Frauds in the undue i btaining Debentures for Drawbacks, and Al 1 lowances. out of the said Duties, are not, by any of the Laws relating to the said Duties, sufficiently empowered to go on board Ships and Vessels for that Purpose, although the Duties on Sale are under the Management of the said Commissioners and their Officers; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from henceforth it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officers appointed by the commissioner of Excise for the said Duties on Salt, from Time to Time, to go on board all Ships importing or exporting any Salt or Fish, and to continue on board such Ships, to t ike an Account of such Salt and Fish, and Ice the same weighed, landed or exported; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers in Performance of their Duties aforesaid, then, and in every such Case, the Person offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And whereas her Majesty's Duties on Salt are much lessened by the Exportation of great Quan tities of Fish, in Regard the Exporters thereof, after the same are carried out of Port, and Allowances,

or Debentures for Allowances out of the Duties on Salt, had or obtained on such Exportation, do fre questly bring back such Fish into Port, and re export the same, and obtain a second or more Allowances for the very same Fish For Remedy thereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand feveji hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful for the Officers for the said Duties on Salt, in the several and respective Ports of the Kingdom

of

Reginas,

Stat. r. C 2r.

ioq

of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, upon the Exportation of any Codon eapouatior fish. Ling, or Hake, and before the same shall be laid onboard for Exportation, to cut off Part of the of Codfish, Lug Tail of every such Codfish, Ling, or Hake, before the same ft all he so exported, to the Intent it may be tc\ known that such Codfish, Ling, or Hake hath been so exported, and Allowances obtained on Exporta L

tion thereof, in case the same shall be rdanded or reimported; also, that it shall be lawful upon the xaii^&c! '*Exportation of any Pilchards, Scads, White Herrings, Red Herrings, Salmon, or dried Red Sprats, and before the same shall be laid on board for Exportation, to marie any Calk, Barrel, or other Vessel, wherein any such Pilchards, Scads, White Herrings, Red Herrings, Salmon, or dried Red Sprats, flail and mark Oft be exported, to the Intent it may be known that such Pilchards, Scads, White Herrings, red.herrings, s£ads'c&ards' Salmon, or dried Red Sprats, have been exported, and Allowances obtained on Exportation of the same, sa s' C in case the same, or any of them, shall be relanded or re imported.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Codfish, Ling, or Hake, Ccdfish xor any Pilchards, Scads, White Herrings, Red Herrings, Salmon, or dried Red Sprats, shall after the ported an same shall, be exported, be fraudulently relanded in England, or Wales, the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, d ", enth Candour re imported, all the said Fish, so relanded or re imported, shall be forfeited and lost, and double the fu'f£ted &£ Value thereof, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no salt maker, or Dealer in Salt, Sal; Maker not

flail aft as a Justice of the Peace in any Matter or Thing relating to the Duties on Salt, or any Offence <° aa as justice committed against the Laws relating to the same; and in caffe there shall not be a sufficient Number of of pace lnt?ases Justices of the Peace in any Corporation (that are not Makers or Dealers in Salt) sufficient to hear and uuuesorts ait determine the Offences relating to the said Duties, then and in such Case, the Justices of the Peace of C r

the County next adjoining to such Corporation flail have hereby Power and Authority, from Time to Time, to hear and determine all Offences, Matters, and Things, relating to the said Duties on Salt, Lithe same Manner as if they were Justices of the Peace for such Corporation respectively; any Law, Statute, or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures, Penalties and hereby given and imposed, shall be recovered and levied by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Forfeitures how Penalties and Forfeitures can or may be recovered and levied by any of the Laws of the Excise, or by toberecovaed, Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster,

wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance r And that the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be distributed in Manner following (viz.) One Moiety 2nd distributed. thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue or inform for the same.

XX. And whereas the Allowances given by the several Acts relating to the Duties on Salt, upon the Exportation of Codfish, Ling, and Hake, therein mentioned, do much exceed the Duty of the Salt usually employed in the curing the same, so that many Persons for the Sake of the said auowances only, do export such Fish not duly cured, and Fish of very final] Size, not having a due Quantity of Salt made use of in curing the same, which is not only a Prejudice to her Majesty in her said Duties on Salt, but also a great Disparagement to the Trade of English Fish in foreign Markets Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in lieu of the several Allowances given out of the said Allowances on Duties on Salt, by the Acts relating to the same, upon the Exportation of any Codfish, Ling, or Hake, Exportation of there shall be allowed and paid the several and respective Sums herein after mentioned, for the several Lincv

and respective Sorts of Codfish, Ling, or Hake, herein after mentioned, which shall be exported from CL any Port or Place in England, Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June; that is to say,

XXI. For every hundred of Codfish, Ling, and Hake (other than and except dried Cod, Ling, or For Codfish, C

Hake, commonly called Haberdines) which stall contain in Length four and twenty Inches and upwards, 24 inches long, from the Bone in the Sin to the third Joint in the Tail of such Fish, the Sum of fifty Shillings, and so os Per hu in Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity. dred>

XXII. For every hundred of Codfish, Ling, or Hake (other than and except dried Cod, Ling, or of islnches^s. Hake, commonly called Haberdines) which stall be of the Length of eighteen Inches, or more, and un per hundred, der the Size of four and twenty Inches, from the Bone of the Sin to the third Joint in the Tail

of such Fish, the Sum of five and twenty Shillings, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

XXIII. For every hundred of dried Codfish, Ling, or Hake, commonly called Haberdines, one Moiety For Haberdines, of the Allowance given by this Act for other Codfish, Ling, and Hake, of the same Dimensions; one moieij.&c. Debentures, to be prepared according to the Directions of the several Acts relating to the said Duties, and

doing and performing such other Matters and Things, as by the said former Acts, and this present Act, are required and prescribed, in order to the obtaining such Allowances.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby Luther enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in in cat Salt du case any of the said Duties upon Salt stall cease, determine, or be redeemed by Parliament, then, ties cease, allow and in any of the said Cases, the said Allowances upon Exportation of Codfish, Ling, or Hake, ancest0 belef* hereby settled, stall be lessened in Proportion to the Duties on Salt that shall so cease determine, or be sent, redeemed.

XXV. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That no allowance shall he paid out of the said Duties No Allowance

on Salt, for or on Account of the Exportation of any Fist, that are or stall not be well cured, or shall to be made for be unmerchantable, nor for any Conger. Fiftl not wdl

XXVI. And foreigner." -

C 2l. Anno primo Annje Reginsb. Stat. i. A.D. 1701.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty (if she" pleases) from Time to Time to constitute and appoint particular Commissioners, separate and apart from the Commissioners and Governors of the Receipt of Excile, for the Receipt, Management and Government of the said Duties on Salt, during her Majesty's Pleasure; and upon her Majesty's constituting and appointing such particular Commissioners for the said Duties on Salt, and during such Time only as her Majesty shall from Time to Time think fit to continue the same under the Receipt and Management of such particular Commissioners, all and every the Powers and Authorities given by this Act, and by the several Acts relating to the said Duties on Salt, or any of them, to the Commissioners and Governors of the Receipt of Excise, and the Collectors and other Officers for the said Duties under them, shall be and are hereby vested and transferred to such particular Commissioners as her Majesty shall so from Time to Time constitute and appoint, for the Receipt, Government and Management of the said Duties on Salt; and the Collectors and Officers to be, from Time to Time, appointed by such particular Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by the said acts, relating to the said Duties upon Salt, are directed to be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution by the said Commissioners and Governors of the Receipt of Excise, and their Officers under them respectively, with relation to the said Duties on Salt, or any Penalties, Forfeitures, Frauds or Offences against the said acts, or any of them, relating to the same, shall, during such Time as her Majesty shall please to continue the said Duties on Salt under the Receipt and Management of such particular Commissioners, be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution by such particular Commissioners, and the Officers under them respectively for the time being.

s cmii* for Salt

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Salt or Rock enteie/to'^be 3 Salt shall be entered according to the former Laws relating to the said Duties on Salt, and the same shall exported. be intended to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, then and in such Case the Officers for the said Duties on Salt shall be and are hereby authorised and empowered to take suffi eient Security from the Merchant or Merchants that intend to export such Salt or Rock Salt, for the due Payment of the Duties thereof, without infilling, that the original Proprietor of such Salt or Rock Salt be bound in such Security.

9 & 10 W. 3. C

XXVIII. And whereas notwithstanding the act of Parliament for obliging all Persons to sell Salt by Weight, the same is not observed, by reason the Persons that buy the same refuse to buy the same of the Proprietors otherwise than by Measure, to the great Prejudice of the said Proprietors: 'For Remedy no person tobuy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day Wei ht by °' June no Person shall buy any Salt otherwise than by Weight, and not by Measure, under the pe pchdity', nalty of ten Shillings for every Bushel of salt which shall be bought contrary to the true Meaning hereof,

and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Person or Persons so buying the same, to be recovered and distributed, as any the Penalties by this act inflicted are hereby directed to be recovered and distributed.

XXIX. And whereas the Salt Proprietors having a Liberty to pay the Duty in ready Money, or give

Security to pay the same, in nine Months for the Pock, and in six Months for other Salt, tends only to the Benefit of the richer Sort of Proprietors, but is defcructive to the Salt Trade in general, through the Difficulties attending such as have not ready Money, thereby causing several Bonds to be sued, when by ' a due Encouragement to such, as well as other Proprietors, it might in a great measure be prevented,

Persons paying and the Duty sooner paid; 'Ee it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every secorirdays person and Persons who shall give such Security as aforesaid, shall have Liberty, at any Time within given, 'whave a twenty-eight Days after giving the same, to pay the Duty thereby secured, and on Payment thereof shall wco unt, &c. have and receive a Discount after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the Remainder of the ime for which such Security shall be given.

XXX. And whereas several Fishermen who used the North Sea Fishery, did in the Year one thousand seven hundred ship several Quantities of Salt at North and South Shields near Newcastle upon Tine, giving Bonds for the Duties thereof, and then exported the said Salt to the North Seas, where they spent it in

curing and salting of Fish caught in those Seas, believing that upon Affidavit of shipping off the said Salt, and its not being relanded in England or ivales, they might be intituled to a Drawback of the Duties which some other Fishermen in the like Case had obtained, as if such Sais had been actually exported to Parts beyond the Seas; and upon bringing home their said Fish, sold the same to several Re ' tailers at Home Markets, at a low Price accordingly: Now, forasmuch as such Fishermen might be igno

rant that they were liable to pay the said Duties, notwithstanding such Salt was spent in curing of Fish,

and they not being enacted by the Price thereof to pay the same, a Prosecution upon such their Eonds

would ruin them and their Families For Prevention whereof, upon due Proof to be made before the Commissioners for the Excise or Salt Duties, that such Salt so shipped off was by them spent in curing and salting cf Fish caught in the North Seas, that the fart Fish was afterwards sold to Retailers at Plome

Bonds given by Markets, at a low Price, and that no Drawback or Allowance has been already made or paid by the said Fifoermcn v.'ho Commissioners for the Excise or Sait Duties; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Sen Fiftcry^ Bonds as were so given at North and South Shields near Newcastle, for the Duties of such Salt so expended Anno 1700' cas aforesaid. and for which no Drawback or Allowance has already been made upon Exportation thereof, made vd. shall be, and the same are hereby made and declared void, and of none effect: And the Commissioners Commissioners to cancel the same, and Prosecutions to cease. Farther provisions concerning Salt, 2 & 3 Ann. C 14. 4 Ann. C 12. 5 Ann, C 29. 6 Ann, C 12.9 Ann,

C 23. 12 Ann. ft. 2. C i. 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. 8 Geo. 1. c. 4 & 16. 11 Geo. 1. ». 30. 3 Gcq. a. C 20. 5 Geo. 2. c. 8 Geo. 2. c. 12. 14 Geo. 2.

a. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 32.

for

104

Queen may appoint particular Commissioners ibr Salt.

for the Excise or Salt Duties for the time being are hereby empowered and directed to cancel or deliver up the same to the respective Persons therein concerned, who shall desire such Bonds, or any of them; and that all Prosecutions at Law upon the said Bonds do cease and determine,

XXXI. And whereas diverse Frauds have been committed in curing and packing of Pilchards, by which Means a great Disrepute is brought on the said Commodity beyond the Seas, which tends as well to the great Dishonour of the English Nation, as to the Destruction of their Trade: 'For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June, Pilchards, no Person or Persons do presume to cure or pack Pilchards for Sale, unless he or they be Owner or Owners, or Part Owners of some Scyn or Seyns, or of drift net or drift nets, or have the Confeut of such Owners in Writing, and that on each Cask or Hogshead of Pilchards, the Word Scyn or Drift (according to the Manner ot their being taken) shall be burnt with an Iron in some visible Part thereof, together with the Name and Surname of the Owner or Owners of the same, as also the Number of Pilchards contained in each Cask or Hogshead, under the Penalty of the Forfeiture of double the Value of the said Fish for every such Offence, to be recovered and disposed as other Penalties by this Act are to be recovered and disposed.

XXXII. And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 6 w. 3. C 7;

William the Third, several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate and Spices were granted to his said late Majesty, from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety five to the second Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety-eight; and it was thereby enacted, That two Thirds of the said Duties of such of the said Goods as should be exported within the Times by the said Act limited,

should be repaid to the Exporter thereof; which laid Duties were afterwards continued to the firfr of May one thousand seven hundred and one, and afterwards further continued to the first of May one thousand seven hundred and six: And whereas by another Act made in the eleventh Year of his said n w. 5. C 3.

late majesty's Reign, an additional Duty of Fifteen per Centum was granted to his said late Majesty,

upon all Wrought Silks, Bengals and Stuffs, made or n ixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, China, or the East Indies., and upon all Calicoes painted, dyed, printed or stained there, as also upon all Mullins, from the five and twentieth of March one thousand seven hundred to the thirtieth of September one thousand seven hundred and one; and it was thereby further enacted, That the said Duty upon such of the said Goods, as should be exported within twelve Months after the Importation thereof,

should be repaid, or that the Security given for the same should be vacated; which said Duty of Fifteen per Centum on Mullins is by another Act continued to the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six: And whereas also by another Act made in the eighth Year of his said late majesty's iz*13 W. j.

Reign, there was granted to his said late Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, C "

other Duties therein mentioned, upon certain Goods and Merchandizes, from the first of May one 8 W C f thousand six hundred ninety seven to the first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-nine;

and by the said Act it is further enacted, That the said Subsidy, and other Duties upon such of the said 1 Goods, as should he again exported within the Time limited by the said Act, hall be repaid to the Ex ' porter thereof; which said Subsidy and other Duties were afterwards continued, during his said late majesty's Life, and are by an Act of this present Parliament granted to her present Majesty, during her 1 ap.nx, flat a.

majesty's Life (which God long preserve). And whereas several of the said Commodities were im C 7>

ported, and the Duties thereof paid upon such of the said Acts as are expired, and the same Commodities have been since exported, and the Exporters thereof are become intituled to a Drawback of the said Duties, or some Part thereof, according to the Provisions made in the said respective Acts for that Purpose: But in regard the said Duties have been paid into the Exchequer, and from thence issued to the

Purposes for which they were by the said respective Acts appropriated, there doth not remain sufficient

of the said Duties for the Payment of the said Drawbacks; and there being no express Provision made in the feverahafts, whereby the said Duties are respectively continued, some Doubt hath arisen, whe there the Duties which have or shall accrue since the Continuation of the same, hail be liable to the

Payment of the said Drawbacks of the said Duties upon the said expired Acts; and thereby the said

Exporters are kept out of their Money, and the Trade in the said Commodities very much discouraged: '

For Remedy whereof be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Debentures for the Debentures, for said Drawbacks of the Duties which were paid upon the said Acts expired as aforesaid, shall be satisfied the Drawbacks out of the Moneys arising by the said respective Acts now in Force for the Duties continued as aforesaid; i^nat chat is to say, The Debentures which should have been paid out of the said additional Duties upon Coffee, shall be fitiifed'

Tea, Chocolate and Spices, determined as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the said present Duties conti out of the mo nued as aforesaid upon the same Commodities: And the said Debentures which ought to have been satis nies arising by fled out of the said expired Duties of Fifteen per Centum, shall be paid out of the said present Duty of the aforesaid Fifteen per Centum upon Mullins; and such of the said Debentures as ought to have been satisfied out of Acts contmuo, Ji the said additional Subsidy ot Tunnage and Poundage expired as aforesaid, shall be paid out of the said present Duty of Tunnage and Poundage now payable to her present Majesty.

Vol. IV

p

io

ij W. 3. C 6.

Oath in the Act 13 W. 3. to be admixiidred as here set down, viz.

Altered by 5 Annae^ C 8. Article 22, and by 6 Ann. C 7. §.20. and C 21.'

1 W. & M, fl. 2. 2.

12 & 13 W. 3.

C 2.

Oath to be taken in the Form pie scribed.

7 W. 3. C 27.

Association made void.

C. 22. Anno primo Annm Reginae. Stat. 1, A.D. 1701.

CAP. XXII.

An act to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the at, intituled,

An Act for the further Security of his me]efly's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Prdefiant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors, and for declaring the Association to be determined.

\\] WHEREAS y the Demise of his late Majesty King William the Third, and the Accession of her present Majesty Queen Anne, to the Imperial Crown and Dignity of these Realms, the

Form of an Oath contained in an Act made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Successton of the Crown in the Protefant Line, and for the extinguijldng the Hopes of the pretended Prince ofw ales, and all other Pre ' tenders, and their open and secret Abettors, is now become necessary to be altered; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and two, the Oath in the said recited Act mentioned, be administered in such Manner and Form as is herein after set down and prescribed (that is to say)

I A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify and declare, in my Confidence before God C J. and the World, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne, is lawful and rightful Queen of this Realm,

and of all other her Majesty's Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging. And I do solemnly and sincerely declare, That I do believe in my Conscience, that the Person pretended to be Prince of ivales,

during the Life of the late King James, and since his Decease pretending to be and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, hath not any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereto belonging: And I do re nounce, refuse, and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him. And I do swear. That I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to her Majesty Queen Anne, and her will defend to the utmost of my Power, C against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against her Person, Crown,

or Dignity. And I will do my best Endeavour to disclose and make known to her Majesty and her Suc ' ceft ors all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies, which I shall know to be against her or any of them.

And I do faithfully promise, to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain and defend the limita tion and Succession of the Crown, against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as the same is and stands limited (by an Act intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, antt settling the Succession of the Crown) to her present Majesty and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants:

£ as the same by one other Act intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is and stands limited after the Decease of her Majesty, and for Default of Issue of her Majesty, to the Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Ha

nover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And ail these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Abjuration, Re ' nunciation and Promise, heartily, willingly and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian.'

So help me God.

II. And that all and every Person and Persons, who are enjoined or required to administer, take or subscribe the Oath in the said recited Act mentioned, shall administer, take and subscribe the same, according to the Form herein set down and prescribed; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William' the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Govern

it is recited. That for the better Preservation of his said majesty's Royal Person and Government,

great Numbers of his Majesty's good Subjects had entered into and subscribed an Association in the Words contained in the said Act, which Association is by the same Act required to be subscribed in such Manner, and by such Officers and Persons, and under such Forfeitures, Penalties, Incapacities, and Disabilities, for the Neglect or Refusal to subscribe the same, as in the said Act is mentioned and contained: And whereas since the Death of the late King James, and by the Demise of his said late Majesty King William the Third, the subscribing the said Association is not necessary to be any longer continued, such Part thereof as relates to the Support and Defence of the Succession to the Crown therein mentioned, being more fully provided for by the said recited Oath; ' Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of the said recited Act of the seventh Year of his said late Majesty King William the Third, as relates to the said Association therein contained, or the requiring any Officer? or other Persons in the said Act mentioned, to subscribe the same, or for the enacting any Forfeitures, Penalties, Incapacities, or Disabilities, upon any Person for the Neglect or Refusal to subscribe the same, or that requires any Court or Courts to tender the said Association, or to register the

Subscription

AD 1701. Anno primo a nn Regina. Stat. 1. C 23, 24. 107

Subscription thereof, and all and every the Clause or Clauses in the said Act, or any other subsequent Act or Acts contained, relating to the said Association, be and are hereby declared to be void and of no Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That such Members of the House of Peers, and Peers and mcm also such Members of the House of Commons, who have taken and subscribed the Oath in the said sirs b "s will "!Pve, recited Act contained, according to the Form agreed upon in each House respectively, shall not be obliged obliged to again to take or subscribe the Oath according to the Form declared by this Act, during the Continuance taketictme of this present Parliament, for or in respect of their being Members of either House respectively, nor in again, duing in respect of any Commission, Office or Place of Trull, See, Salary or Wages, which such Member did Sis Parliament, hold and enjoy at the Time of the taking and subscribing the said Oath.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons, who in her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, or in her Court commonly called tyre King's Bench, or the Quarter sessions, may or are, or shall be obliged to take the Oaths mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made

in the first Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled An aelfor ahro 1 w

of the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing other Oaths, and to make and subscribe the C 8>

Declaration mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the

late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish 25 Car. 2. C 2.

Rcafants, may for ever hereafter, at their Elections, take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, and deliver the Certificates of receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, and make

Proof of the Truth thereof, which shall be inquired of and put upon Record, according to the said last

mentioned Act, in her Majesty's Court of Common Pleas, or in her Court of Exchequer at Westminster, in Persons may

such Manner, and at such Times, as by the said Acts, or either of them, they are obliged; or may take pke the 0a'h9

the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, and deliver and prove such Certificates, to

to be inquired of, and put upon Record in the said Court of Chancery, or Court of King's Bench; and que7courts, tc.

such taking the Oaths, making and subscribing the said Declaration, and delivering of such Certificates, which shall be as

proving the Truth thereof, inquiring of, and putting upon Record, in the said Court of Common Pleas, effeansl as if ta

and Court of Exchequer, shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same had been taken, ken in the Courts

made and delivered, inquired of, proved, and put upon Record in the said Court of Chancery, or in the said Court of King's Bench, and the Justices of the said Court of Common Pleas, and Barons of the said e' 'c '

Court of Exchequer, are hereby authorised and required respectively to administer the said Oaths, and do

all aether Things, as the Courts of Chancery and King's Bench were by the said Statutes, or either of them,

authorised and required to do, or may do by virtue thereof.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Names of all Persons and Names of Persons

Officers aforesaid, that do or shall take the Oaths aforesaid, in the Court of Common Pleas or Court of [0bemrou'd see! Exchequer, shall be enrolled in the said Courts where the same shall be taken respectively, with the Day '

and 'Pune of their taking the same, in Rolls made and kept only for that Intent and Purpose, and for

no other; the which Rolls, as for the Court of Common Pleas, shall be publicly hung up in the Office of the chief Prothonotary of the said Court; and the Roll for the Exchequer, in the Office of the queen's Remembrancer of the said Court, and there remain during the whole Term, every Term, for every one to resort to, and to look upon, without Fee or Reward; and like wise none of the Persons and not to pay aforesaid shall give or pay any Fee or Reward to any Officer or Officers belonging to either of the said ak°ve ua. for Courts of Cojnmon Pleas or Exchequer, above the Sum of twelve Pence, for his or their Entry of his or their taking the same, taking of the said Oaths.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person and Persons, In what Time who by this Act, or the said former Act made this present Parliament, are to take and subscribe the and where Pei oath therein or herein appointed to be taken, within three Months after he or they shall be ad f?n qre.to uke mitted into or enter upon any Preferments, Benefices, Offices, or Places, or come into any Capacity, or the atl* take upon him dr them any such Practice, Employment, or Business, in the said former Act mentioned,

may in the next Term, or at the next Quarter sessions of the County, City, or Place where he or they shall reside, after he or they shall be admitted into, or enter upon any such Preferment, Benefice, Office, 01-

Place, or come into any such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, Employment, or Business

as aforesaid (though it be after the Expiration of the said three Months) take and subscribe the said

Oath, in any of the said four.courts of Westminster, or Quarter sessions, which shall be as good and ef

fedlual to all Intents and Purposes, as if taken and subscribed within the said three Months; But never Penalties on Northeast

thelels, every such Person that shall neglect to take and subscribe the said Oath in the next Term, or left or Refuui.

next Quarter sessions as aforesaid, shall incur and be liable unto all the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities,

for refusing and neglecting to take and subscribe the said Oath, at such Time as in the said former

Act is mentioned, and likewise unto all the other Penalties for executing such Office or Employment,

it he shall execute the same after such Neglect or Refusal to take and subscribe the said Oath, as is therein

mentioned.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and two, notwithstanding the

EXP.

month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the continuing the present Sheriffs in England and Wales, until the first Day of Hillary Term E xpt next, unless her Majesty shall think fit to determine them sooner.

jos C 25 — 27. Anno primo Annji Regina. Stat. 1, a.d.1701.

CAP. XXV.

?XP. An Act for the Relief of poor Prisoners for Debt,

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for the Relief of the Matters of Boys and other Vessels carrying Corn and other Inland

Provisions within the Port of London.

WJ K EREAS great Quantities of english Corn, Grain, Meal, and other Goods, which may law fuhy be exported, and for which no Duties are payable to her Majesty upon Exportation thereof, are daily brought in Boys and other Vessels to thejaty of London, from the Counties of Kent and essex: And whereas the Mailers of such Boys and vessels, employed in the Carriage of such Goods,

11 have of late been put to unreasonable and unnecessary Charges and Trouble, by certain Officers of her Majesty's Customs, who for their own Profit and Lucre have required and exacted great Fees for Tran fires and Cocquets, to the great Discouragement of the Country Farmers, and Oppression of the said Hoymen: 'For Remedy whereof be it therefore enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parlia nococquet ment assembled and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth Day of May in the Year to be required of f Pr Lord one thousand i'even hundred and two, no Cocquet or Cocquets, or Bonds thereon, shall be Maftcis of Boys, required by any Officer of the Customs, or others, of or from any such Mailer or Owner of such Boys or Vessels, carrying or conveying such Goods as aforesaid, to or from any Place within the Port of London; that is to say, from London Bridge unto the supposed Right Line from the Promontory or Point called the North Foreland in the County of Kent, unto the Promontory or Point called the Naes, including so much of the Ports of Sandwich and Ipswich, and the Members thereof, as are within the said Limits, for or in respect of any such Corn, Grain, Meal, and such other Goods as are before described, the same shall or may be con but may be conveyed as aforesaid, by Transires or let pass only, for which Transire there shall be paid to the respective fires ral'- Officers, who by Law are intituled to Fees of Bonds, and Cocquets, and Certificates, and Entries thereupon, the Sum of three Shillings and five Pence, and-110 more; which Sum shall be respectively distributed among! them, in such Manner and Proportion, as where Bonds and Cocquets are taken for Goods carried Coastwise, ought and used to be paid; any Custom, Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And whereas it often happens, that final] Quantities and Parcels of Corn and Hops are brought as aforesaid to the City of London, and the Fees exacted by the Officers aforesaid have exceeded the Charge of the Freight thereof be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of May the Sum of one Shilling and eight Pence Halfpenny, and no more, shall be respective !y distributed to and amongst the Officers aforesaid, when the Quantity of such Corn or Grain as aforesaid exceeds net fifty Quarters, or when the Quantity of Hops exceeds not fifty Bags in any one such Hoy or Vessel as aforesaid.

III. And whereas upon the carrying of Goods from Port to Port, Bonds are given for returning Cer 1 tificates of the landing or discharging of the Goods in the Ports to which they are carried, and when such Bonds are transmitted into the Exchequer, the Certificates relating thereunto have been usuallyanr nexed to such Bonds, but by Fraud or Carcleflhefs the Certificates are sometimes disjoined from the respective Bonds, whereby Persons who have duly complied with the Conditions thereof, have been put. 4 to unjust Vexation and Charge: 'For Prevention whereof for the future it is hereby enacted, That the Bonds transmit proper Officers for transmitting the said Bonds into the Exchequer shall truly and faithfully endorse, on ted into the Ex the Backside of every such Bond, the Substance of the Certificate, if there be any relating thereto, and chequer, to be sign such Indorsment, to serve as an Intimation to the Court of Exchequer, concerning the Performance or ("adc^of thithe nonperformance of the Conditions of such Bonds respectively, under the Penalty of forfeiting T rcble dama C^ges, besides costs.of Suit, to be recovered by the Party grieved against the Officer who shall offend therein, by Action of Debt or the Case, or by Bill, Suit or Information, in any Court of Record, wherein no ef soir., Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

IV. Provided, and it is hereby enacted, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not ex

See for tram fires.

See for Corn, C brought to London.

Certificates on

Bond, C Penalty

Act not to take

away any Tolls, tend to the lessening or taking away the Tolls or Duties due and payable to the Adayor, and commonal the Cit of Lon t^' anc Citizens of the City of London, or to the Mayor of the said City for the Time being; anything don. 5 ° " fierc>n to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

the V Saving always. The usual and known Right, Liberty, and Privilege to the Ports of Sandwich and Ports of Sand Ipswich, and either of them, and the known Members thereof, and of the Customers, Comptrollers, which and Ipf Searchers, and their Deputies, of and within the said Ports of Sandwich and Ipswich, and the several Creeks, which fa«ed. Harbours, and Havens to them, or either of them, respectively belonging within the Counties of Kent and essex, in all Matters and Things whatsoever, other than in such Matters and Things as are speciul ly provided for or directed by this present Act.

EXP.

2 WM IT. j.

C 9.

12. Car. 2. C is,

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the Importation of fine Italian thrown Silk. Persons may import,

., Lfc. fine thrown Italian

Silk, during the War. No Silk to be imported coarser than third Bolognia, call Silk imported shall be brought to the Customhouse, bfc. Importers on Entry to make Oath, the said Silk was bought m Italy, See, [By 7 Annae, C 8. §. 1.0. this Oath is to be made before the Collector, OV.]

C 28-73 r

j C 9

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for importing into England thrown Silk of the Growth of Sicily, from the Port of Leghorn i Thrown Silk of the Growth of Sicily may be imported from Leghorn for two Years,

in Italy. TXP.

'2 W. & M. sit j,

-, C 9'

an Act for the continuing the Imprisonment of

XXIX

to assassinate the Person of his late sacred Majesty

Counter, and others, for the horrid Conspiracy EXI*. Majesty King William the Third..'10 W.

CAP. XXX.

An Act to oblige the Jews to maintain and provide for their Protestant Children,

TO the End that sufficient Maintenance be provided and allowed for the Children of Jewish Parents, who hall turn Protestants; it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and emporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af fenrbled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth. Day of June one t'noufand seven hundred and two, if any Jewifti Parent, in order to the compelling, of his or her Protes jew]ffi parents tant Child to change his or her Religion, shall refuse to allow such Child a fitting Maintenance, suitable to allow their to the Degree and Ability of such Parent, and to the Age and Education of such Child, then (upon Com Proieftanc chill plaint thereof made to the Lord High Chancellor of England, or Lord Keeper of tyre Great Seal, or Com fittlnb

missioner for the Great Seal for the Time being) it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Chancellor,

Lord Keeper, or Commissioners, to make such Order therein., for die Maintenance of such Protestant child, as he or they shall think fit.

Cap. xxxr.

An Act for making more effectual the Provision out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting small Vicarages in Ireland.

WHEREAS by an Act lately made, intituled, In Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of j, 4. is. y, the forfeited and other Estates and Interest in Ireland, and by a Land Tax hi England, for the five C 1.

1 ral Purposes therein mentioned, it is enacted, That the Trustees therein named, or any seven or more of them, should and might, and they are thereby required, after such a Time, and in such a Manner as is therein mentioned, to convey all and every the Rectories Impropriate, with the Tithes, Oblations,

Obventions, Glebes, Advowsons of Vicarages, and other Things thereunto severally and respectively belonging or appertaining, forfeited by reason of the Rebellion therein mentioned, and therein before vested in the said Trustees, to such Person or Persons, and their Heirs, as the Bishop of each respective Diocese, wherein such Rectories Impropriate respectively are, shall nominate, in Trust for the rebuild ing or repairing Parish Churches, and for the perpetual Augmentation of small Rectories or Vicarages in the Kingdom of Ireland, in such Manner as is therein mentioned: And whereas several such Recto ries Impropriate, Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, Advowsons of Vicarages, and other Things thereunto severally and respectively belonging or appertaining, have been jointly charged or incumbred,

or liable to the Payment of some Debts, Charges, or Encumbrances, together with other Lands, Te ' nements, or Hereditaments, by the said Act vested in the said Trustees Wherefore for the making the before mentioned Trull more effectual and beneficial for the pious Ends and Purposes aforesaid, may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That where anytuch whets Env r?c rectories Impropriate, Tithes, Advowsons, or other Things, so vested in the said Trustees, and direct tones improph ed to be conveyed in Trust as aforesaid, are charged with, or liable unto any Debts, Charges, or Im ate, forfeited by cumbrances jointly with any other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, by the said Act vested in the he l^erebelli said Trustees, such other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in the first Place be liable to, and shall answer and satisfy such Debts, Charges, and Incumbiances; and the said Trustees. any seven of branch jointi them, are hereby authorised and required, to make Sale of such other Lands, Tenements, or heredita with other tnents, 'orof a competent Part thereof, for or towards the paying off, clearing, and" discharging such Debts, Lands, C such Charges, and Encumbrances: And as soon as conveniently may be, from and after such Sale, and the lands firii hash clearing and discharging such Debts and Encumbrances, such Rectories Impropriate, Tithes, Advow 1 e fons, and other Things, so vested in the said rustees, and directed to be conveyed in Trust as aforesaid, See farther y as are, together with such other Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, jointly charged or incumbred, 4m. C ij, shall be conveyed; - and the said Trustees, or any seven of them, are hereby authorised and required to convey the same, to such Person and Persons, and in such Manner, and to such Uses, Intents, and purposes, as in the said recited Act is directed and appointed, freed and discharged of and from all such Debts,

Charges, and Encumbrances, be the same by Matter of Record, Mortgage, or otherwise.

A.D. 1701. Anno primo annje.regius, Stat.

r.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Relief of the Protestant Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland.

WHEREAS by one Act made in a Parliament held at Westminster, in the eleventh Year of the itw. 3. C 2. ' Reign of our late Sovereign Lord King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting unto

his Majesty an Aid by Sale of the forfeited and other Estates and Inter efts in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the Jseveral Purposes therein mentioned', it is provided, That the Sum of one and twenty thou fund Pounds, therein mentioned, should be paid to and amongst the several Persons, who were Purchasfers of any Estate of Inheritance, of any of the forfeited Lands or Estates in Ireland, under the Grantees thereof, who Should prove the actual Payment of their purchase money, before the Trustees menti oned in the said Act for Sale of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, on or before the tenth Day of August one thousand seven hundred, to be divided amongst such Purchasers, in Proportion to the Sums by them respectively paid for their several Purchases: And whereas in pursuance of the said Act, several Persons did, before the said Trustees, prove the actual Payment of the Sum of fifty-nine thousand five hundred and two Pounds, for the Purchases of the several Estates of Inheritances to the several Grantees thereof ' (which said Sum of one and twenty thousand Pounds, Pari;, of the said purchase money, was by the said Act charged on the Lands so purchased respectively) according to the Directions of the said Act

And whereas no considerable Part, if any, of the said Sum of one and twenty thousand Pounds, hath been as yet paid to the said Purchasers: And whereas it may very much conduce to the Strengthening and Preservation of the Protestant Interest in Ireland?, to continue the said Purchasers in the Possession of the respective Lands by them respectively purchased, and that forne further Relief may be given the said Purchasers; 'May it please your Majesty (at the most' humble Suit of the said Purchasers) that it may be enacted, &c.

"Persons who purchased Estates under the Grantees, &c. shall enjoy the same, paying 13 Years Pur "for an Estate of Inheritance, and 6 Years and a half for an Estate for Life, &c. according to the "Rents, Anno 1701. Quit Rents, &c. deducted. Purchasers of Estates of Inheritance, to have a Discount, &c. on Payment of the Surplus, &c. In Default of paying Remainder of purchase money, "Trustees may sell the Lands, &c."

VII. And to the End that none of the said purchased premisses may ever defeend or come to any pa pict or Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion, but that the same shall defeend and come, and remain to be held and enjoyed by Protestants, for the strengthening and supporting of the English Interest, Person educated an the Protestant religion in Ireland; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person edu reimon'0iand cated i^.the Popish Religion, or professing the same, and being under the Age of eighteen Years, shall notuking"the noti whin six Months after he or she shall attain the Age aforesaid, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Oaths, &c. Supremacy, and also subscribe the Declaration set down and exprest in an Act of Parliament made in the

or Ireland, or Quarter sessions in any County in England or Ireland, where such Person shall reside (which said Oaths and Declaration the said Courts and quarter sessions are severally hereby empowered and continuing to administer) and continue to be a Protestant after the taking the said Oaths and Declaration aforesaid, Protestant after every such Person shall, in respect of him or herself only, and not to or in respect of his or her Heirs or wards, _ Posterity, be disabled, and is hereby made incapable to inherit or take by Descent, Devise, or Limitation, jocapable of in; p0ffession, Reversion, or Remainder, any of the Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, or premisses Lands" &cny aforesaid, or any Rent or Profit issuing out of the same, or any Part thereof; and that during the Life, of such Person, or until he or she shall take the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaim they shall go ration in Manner aforesaid, the next of his or her Kindred, who shall be a Protestant, shall have and onto the next of j0y the said premisses, without being accountable for the Profits by him or her received, during such en p1"'.*" 1 joyment as aforesaid.

ro an, C vftll And it is further enacted, That every such Papist, or Person making Profession of the popish papistj&c. made Religion, shall be disabled, and is hereby made incapable to purchase, either in his or her own Name, chafedny iheur" or 'n^Name of any other Person or Persons, to his or her own Use, or in Trull for him or her, any Lands afpiresaid. the Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or premisses aforesaid, or any Rents, Profits, Terms, or Interests in or out of the same; and that ail and Angular Estates, Terms, and any other Interests and Profits whatsoever, in or out of the premisses, and ail Conveyances and Declarations of Trust concerning the same, which shall be made, suffered, or done, to or for the Use, Benefit, and Behoof of any such Person, shall be utterly void and of none Eft'eft, to all Intents, Purposes, and Constructions whatsoever. Leases, C to be

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Leases for Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years, v made only to or otherwise, which shall 2t any Time hereafter be made of any the Lands, Tenements or Heredita

i'retestants, C metlfs hereby directed to be conveyed by the said Trustees as is aforesaid, shall be made to such Persons only as are of the Protestant Religion, and to none other and if any Lease for Life or Lives, or for

h ears, or otherwise, shall at any Time hereafter be made of any the Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments aforesaid; to or in Trust for any Papist; if any Lease of any such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments shall be made to a Protestant, and the same shall afterwards be assigned to or in Trust for any

lit

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Regina:. Slat, r,

C 32.

Papist; such Lease so made to or in Trust for any Papist, and likewise every such Alignment, shall be void, and the same is and are hereby adjudged and declared to be ipso facto null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever: in such Case, as well the Person making any such Lease or Alignment, ptn Itv on per as the Person to whom, or for whose Use or Benefit the same shall be made (in case such Person ihrt.ll ac ion accepting cept such Lease or Assignment) or shall occupy any the Lands or Tenements therein contained, shall L cafc m Trust

forfeit treble the full yearly Value of all the Lands lo let, assigned, or occupied; one Moiety thereof to for cher

Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person (being a Protestant) who shall sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin, by any Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or Imparlance shall be allowed.

X Provided always, That nothing in this at contained shall extend to make void any Lease, that is Act not to make or shall be made of any Cottage or Cabin, under the yearly Value of thirty Shillings per Annum, to any void any Cottage Day Labourer whatsoever. lek, C

XI. Provided also, That nothing in this at contained shall be construed to extend to any p edtories nor to extend to Impropriate, or Vicarages, Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, or other Things, to the same Rec reflonesimpro tories or Vicarages severally and respectively belonging or appertaining, which were by a Clause in the p"a'e> s aforesaid Act, vested in the Trustees in the fuu Act named, to the Uses, Intents and Purposes therein mentioned; but that all such Rectories and Vicarages, Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, and

other Things thereunto belonging, with their Appurtenances, shall still continue to be vested in the said Trustees, to such Uses as are in and by the said Act directed and appointed; anything in this Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. But in such Case, the said Trustees are to make a Deduction and Tellers to de allowance, after the Rate of thirteen Years Purchase of the purchase money to be paid unto them dua for Inch for such Rectories or Vicarages, or other Matters aforesaid all and every Person or Persons who had rc^orltsj purchased the same, their Heirs or Assigns.

XII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That the Trustees in the said Act named for Sale of anl beftifcharged the forfeited Estates in Ireland, shall be and are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from all Rents or rv', rei'ts' I -

C before Payment

Profits, or other Sums of Money, by them, or any for or under them, received or to be received, for or out of any the Lands, Tenements and premisses aforesaid, at any Time before the Payment of the Re of the r«kyi> mainder of the said thirteen Years Purchase, by the said Purchasers respectively, and of and from all derof thei; Actions, Suits and Demands for or in respect thereof., Years, Pur

XIII. Saving nevertheless to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, all Rents issuing and payable out chafe' cof or for the said premisses, and also laving to all Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors,

and to all and every other Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators (other than the said Trustees in the said Act named) all such Estate, Right, Title, Interest, Claim and Demand whatsoever, of, into, and out of the said premisses, as they or any of them might have had in case this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And for the better Preservation and Encouragement of the Protestant Interest in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and to the End that none of the Honours, Manors, Baronies, Cattles, Messuages, Lands,

Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services, Remainders, Possessions, Royalties, Franchises, Jurisdictions,

Privileges or Appurtenances thereunto belonging, or in any wise appertaining, Rights of Entry, Rights of Action, Titles, Conditions, Uses, Trusts, Powers or Authorities, Leases for Life, Lives, or Years,

Pensions, Annuities, Rent Charges, or Hereditaments, whether Freehold, Copyhold, or of what Nature or Kind soever they be, within the said Realm of Ireland, nor any of the Estates or Interests whatsoever in the said Kingdom of Ireland, which by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the for It V 3. C 2. felted and other estates and Interefs in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, were veiled and settled in the Persons in that Act named (Trustees nominated and ap

for putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities in the said Act enacted, relating to the said forfeited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland) and their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, or which by the said Actor by any subsequent Act or Acts, are ordered or directed to be disposed of or sold by them, or any of them, for the Purposes in the said Act or Acts mentioned, may ever hereafter defeend or come by Limitation, Purchase, or otherwise, to any Papist or Papists, or Person or Persons professing the Popish Religion; but that the same forthwith, from and after the dil po fitiou and Sale thereof, may be possessed and enjoyed, and from thenceforth for ever hereafter defeend, come and remain, to be held and enjoyed by Protestants, for the strengthening and supporting of the English Interest, and the Protestant Religion in Ireland; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all All Sales of Dispositions and Sales of all and every the said Estates and Interests, which shall be made by the said estatesj jl trustees, or any of them, shall be made unto Protestants only; and that every Person being a Papist, hal b/to" or professing the Popish Religion, shall be disabled, and is hereby made incapable to purchase, either in protestants only, his or her own Name, or in the Name of any other Person or Persons, to his or her Use, or in Trull for Papists made in him or her, any of the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Royalties, Franchises, and other Here capable to pur ditaments, of what Nature or Kind soever, vested in the said Trustees, in order to the selling the same, cllafe> cor any Rents, Profits, Terms for Years, or other Interests whatsoever, in or out of the same; and that all and Angular Estates, Terms for Years, Interests, or Profits whatsoever, in or out of the said Premises, and all Conveyances and Declarations of Trust concering the same, which shall be made, suffered, or done to or for the Use, Benefit or Behoof of any Papist, or Person making Profession of the Popish Religion, shall be utterly void and of no Effect, to all Intents, 'Purposes and Constructions whatsoever.

XV. And for preventing the said premisses, and every Part thereof, at all Times hereafter, from coming into the Hands of Papists, or Persons professing the Popish Religion; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

1 1 2

C

Anno primo ank.il Reginae. Stat. r. A.D. 1701.

nopapiftcabbie aforesaid, That no Papist or Person professing the Popifit rt ligioji, during the Time of his continuing a to inheiir or Papist, or professing the Popish Religion, fit; .11 be a Person capable to inherit, take, or make Title unto,

rnotte Title by by Descent, Purchase, Limitation, Devise, or other Conveyance whatsoever, in Possession, Reversion or the^d'manors nder, or to have, hold or enjoy any of the said Honours, Manors, Hereditaments and Premises,

tans, C*any Trust or interest therein, or any Rent or Profit Bluing out of the same, or out of any Part there

Papist not taking of j and that if any Person professing the Popish Religion, or educated in the same, and not having so

the Oaths, C lemnly and publicly renounced it, 'being of full Age, hull not, within the Space of six Months after the accruing of his or her Tide, or being under the Age of eighteen Years, shall not, within six Months after he or she shall attain the Age aforesaid, take the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and also subscribe the Declaration let down and expressed in an Act of Parliament made in the thirtieth V ear of the Reign of jc Car, i. Hat. 2. at e j^ing Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the more effeshial preferring the King's Person and

Government, by disabling Papists from sitting in either Hcmfe of Parliament, to be by him or her made, repeated, and subscribed in the Courts of Chancery or King's Bench in England or Ireland, or quarter sef ftons in any County of England or Ireland, where such Person shall reside (which said Oath and Declaration the said Courts and Quarter sessions are hereby severally empowered to administer) and continue to be a Protestant after the taking the said Oath and Declaration aforesaid, every such Person shall, in respect of him or herself only, and not to or in respect of his or her Heirs or Poftemy, be disabled, and is hereby made incapable to inherit or take by Descent, Devise or Limitation, or Purchase, in possession, Reversion or Remainder, any of the said Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or prc misses aforementioned, or any Trust or Interest in Rent or Profit ilfuing out of the same, or out of any Part thereof; and that during the Life of such Person, or until h; or she shall take the said Oaths, and make, repeat and subscribe the said Declaration in Manner aforesaid, the next of his or her kindred, who shall be a Protestant, shall have and enjoy the said Premisses, without being accountable for the Profits by him or her received during such Enjoyment as aforesaid.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Leases for Life or Lives, or for any Term of Years or otherwise, which shall at any Time hereafter he made of any the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premises abovementioned, shall be made to such Persons only as are of the

such Protestant Religion, and to none other; and if any Lease for Life or Lives, or for Years, or otherwise,

to api s.orm at any Time after such Sale be made of any the Honours, Manors, Lands Tenements, Hereditaments, or premises aforesaid, unto or in Trust for any Papist, or Person. professing the Popish Religion; or if any Lease of any such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or Premises, shall be made to a Protestant, and the same shall afterwards be assigned unto, or in Trust for any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion; every such Lease lo made unto, or in Trust for any such Papist or Person, and likewise every such Assignment shall be void, and the same is and are hereby adjudged and declared to be ipso sarto null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; in such Case, as well the Person making any such Lease or Assignment, as the Person to whom or for whole Use or Benefit the same Audi be made (in case such Person shall accept such Lease or Assignment, or shall occupy any the Lands or Tenements therein contained) shall forfeit treble the full yearly Value of all the Lands so let assigned or occupied, one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety touch person.(being a Protestant) who shall sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Dublin by any Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or Imparlance shall be' allowed.

XVII. Provided always, That nothing in the last foregoing Clause contained shall extend to make void any Lease, that is or shall be made, of any Cottage or Cabin under the yearly Value of thirty Shillings per Annum, to any Day Labourer whatsoever.

XVIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to make void, impeach nr prejudice any Lease of any of the said forfeited Estates, or other Interests, made or to be made by the Lid Trustees, for any Term not exceeding one Year.

XIX. And whereas his said late Majesty King William, in Consideration of a Fine of six hundred and eighty-five Pounds sixteen Shillings and fourpence, stated by the Commissioners of Accounts in Ireland, to be due from his said Majesty to Major Walter Delamar for Arrears of Pay for his Services in X the Kingdom of Ireland, did in the Month of October one thousand six hundred ninety six, make a Lease to the said Major Walter Delamar, of same forfeited Estates in the said Kingdom, for the Term of twen '4 ty one Years the said Estates being subject to great Encumbrances, and a Jointure for the Life of Plunkett, the relict of Ignatius Plunkett: And whereas William Palmer Esquire did purchase from the said Major Delamar Part of the said Estates called Dirpatrick, in the Barony of Deece, and County of Meath, for the Sum of five hundred Pounds, the said Sum being by him paid to the said Walter De 4 lamar, for the Remainder of the said Term of twenty-one Years, subject to the said Jointure, and hath since also laid out LIX hundred Pounds, and upwards, in buying in the said Jointure Estate in the said Lands, in draining a Hogg, and building and planting upon the said Estate, to the great Improve

tabled from indenting,

and the next of jkin, being a Protestant shall indent, C

Xeafes, C to be made only to jprotestants.

ich Lea Papish Trust for them, void.

tfp enavty.

not to void Cottage Lease, C

nor Trustees Ledfe for one if.ear.

fourteen Years to come in the re afliiming the Forfeitures in

said

that

Trustees to pay Will am Palmer i, xool and in d^foulr, che Ao hold dirpa irick, cement

thereof: And whereas notwithstanding the re are but about Lease, the same is made void by the late al of Parliament for Kingdom, and the said William Palmer hath (unless relieved by Parliament) lost the Money so paid and laid out by him, and of which the Public hath had and will have the benefit be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Trustees shall, within twelve Months, pay to the said William Palmer, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, the Sum of one thousand one hundred Pounds; and in Default of such Payment as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said William Paltrier.

his Executors, Administrators; Afligps, to haye, hold

and enjoy the said Premises called Dirpatrick

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Regins. Stat. 1. C 32.

trick aforesaid, with the Appurtenances, for apd during the Residue of the said Term of twenty-one Years, according to the said Lease and Alignment thereof to him made; and in Case of such Default, the said Lease (as to the Premisses. called Dirpatrick) and the said Alignment thereof, hall be and is hereby confirmed and made effectual; the said Act:, or anything therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; nevertheless to all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in this Act contained, directed to be done and performed by the said other Protestant Purchasers.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Acts which have passed this session of Parliament, relating to the forfeited Estates or Interests in Ireland, which do enjoin the taking the Oath or Oaths of Allegiance by any Person or Persons whatsoever, and wherein the obliging the taking the Oath of Supremacy is omitted; all and every the Person and Persons, who are thereby enjoined to take the Oath of Allegiance, hall be and are hereby obliged and enjoined at the same Time, to take the Oath of Supremacy also, under the like Penalties, forfeitures and Disabilities, as are in the said respective acts mentioned and contained, for and in Defalt of taking the Oath or Oaths of Allegiance, and subscribing the Declaration therein mentioned.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That there hall not be let with any Cabin or Cottage to any Day Labourer (as by any Acts of this Session of Parliament relating to the forfeited Estates in Ireland is permitted) above the Quantity of two Acres of Land, and not above one Cottage or Cabin with such Land to any one Day Labourer; and that in case any other Lease or Leases hall be so made, or more Land be let than as aforesaid, the Lease of such Cottage or Cabin, as well as of the said Land, hall be and is hereby declared to be ipso facto null and void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; as well the Person making, as the Person taking such Lease, or occupying such Cottage or Cabin, or Lands, hall forfeit treble the full yearly value of the said Cottage, Cabin or Land, to be sued for, recovered and distributed, as any other Penalties by the said Acts are to be recovered and distributed.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That this Act hall be taken and allowed in all Courts as a publick act, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof, without special pleading the same.

Persons enjoined to take the Oath of Supremacy,

sc.

Penalties,

Not above two Acres of Land the let with any Cottage to a Day Labourer, sc.

Penalty. Public al,

12 & 13 W. 3. C 10.

'4 s. in the Pound.'

Anno primo ANNA) Regina;

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the twentieth Day of August, Amo Dorn. 1702. in the firs ' L Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of England, Seot

land, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence continued by fevc

ral Prorogations to the twentieth Day of orober 1702. and then and there held, and by diverse Adjournments continued till the twenty seventh Day of February following, being the first Session of this present Parliament.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting to her Majesty a Land Tax for carrying on the War against France and Spain. §. 76.

Clause for making good Deficiences of several Acts. Arrears upon9W. 3. and on 10 W. 3. and 11

W. 3. how to be charged. cominiflior.ers to determine the Proportions to be paid by each Hundred,

(Ac. and cause the same to be re assessed, and paid. Then Supers to be discharged. Like Allowances to Receivers, &c. Clause not to alter the Charge made upon any Parts, Hundreds, &c. Certificate of the Arrears to be transmitted to the rumembrancer's Office. If Arrears be not paid, Process to go 1

against Inhabitants, &c. Clause of Loan at 5 /. percent. Adoney lent not to be taxed. Tallies of Loan and Orders for Repayment, to be registered and paid in Course. No Fees for registring,

(Ac. No undue Preference where Tallies, &c. bear Date the same Day, nor if subsequejit Orders

be paid, &c. Orders for Payment assignable.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for enabling her Majesty to settle a Revenue for supporting the Dignity of his Royal Highness 1 Ann, fiat. 1.

Prince George, Hereditary of Denmark, in case he shall furvjve her Majesty.

EXP.

CAP. Ill.

An Afor granting a Supply to her Majesty by several Duties imposed upon Malt, Alum, Cyder, EXPAND

Perry.

CAP. IV.

An act for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders. Duties on Coals, Culm, &c. 9a-10 W. 3. continued till 1708. Ais9& to W. C 13. and jo & 11 W. 3. C 21. continued. Persons CL^may lend 500, 000l. on Credit of this Act, with Interest. Moneys lent not to be taxed, &c. Or 10 & 11 W ders assignable. Assignee may assign again, &c. EXP. ' Ann

Persons having Tallies, con this Act shall be admitted into the Somh S Company, '

Vol. IV

A.D. 1701.

114 C 5. Anno primo Ann Reginae. Stat. 2.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, by Sale of several Annuities at the: Exchequer, for carrying on the War against France and Spain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WJ WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed at Westminster, in the fourth Year of the WM. c.j. ' y, Reign of King William and Queen Mary (of blessed Memory) intituled, An Act for grant ing to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to pub Perfovs as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the jvar against France, certain Rates or Duties of Ex ' cife upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, were imposed, during the Term of ninety-nine Years, which commenced from the five and twentieth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and two, and made liable to the Payment of several Annuities, which were to be purchased in the Form thereby prescribed: And by another Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign jw.&m. cao. ' of their said late Mjaefties, intituled, An Act for granting to their 1/iajesties several Rates and Duties upon Dunnage of Ships and vejfeh, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Rucompences and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Perfions as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the War against France, two seventh Parts of other Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors thereby granted to their said late Majesties, their Heirs, and successors, are made liable to the Payment of other Annuities, which were to be purchased in the Manner and Form thereby prescribed; and whereas by Virtue or in Pursuance of the said several Acts, and of WM. C j another Act made in the fifth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, for supplying the Deficiency of the Money raised by the Act first abovementioned, several Annuities were purchased at diverse Rates for one, two, or three Lives: And whereas several of the said Annuities which were so purchased (and whereupon no Reversion or further Estate or Interest hath been purchased, and which have not been changed into a certain Term of Years, in Pursuance of any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) are determined by the Deaths of such Contributors or their Nominees respectively, for whole Life or Lives the same were to continue respectively, which Annuities, so determined, did amount at leaf! to the Sum of five thousand two hundred seventy seven Pounds per Annum, which was payable out of the Duties of Excise imposed by the said first mentioned act of Parliament, and to the Sum of five, .4 hundred sixty five Pounds pei Annum, which was payable out of the said two seventh Parts of the other Duties of Excise before mentioned Now for the more effectual raising the Money which is necessary for carrying on the present War against France and Spain, and supplying your majesty's other Occasions, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, do chee; fully and unanimously grant unto your Majesty a further Aid to arise by Contributions for Annuities to be purchased in such Manner as is herein after expressed; do humbly pray your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament al Any Person may sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Per — py 79>fi551-ln- fons, (being her Majesty's natural born Subjects) at any Time or Times before the first Day of March f01-1 pith^np1' on thousand seven hundred and two, to contribute advance, and.pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's annuitiev&c. Exchequer any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of seventy nine thousand nut of the Lscite, one hundred and fifty-five Pounds, for purchasing such Annuities as are herein after mentioned, out of the granted ty 4 W. said Duties of Excise imposed by the Act of Parliament first abovementioned, and any Other sum and & M. C 3. Sums of Money, net exceeding in the whole the Sum of eight thousand four hundred and seventy five and 8, 47, 1. for Pounds for purchasing such Annuities as are herein after mentioned, out of the said two seventh Parts purchasing An of the other Duties of Excise before expressed, upon the Terms following (that is to say) That all and every ft10'1 Contributor and Contributors respectively, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators and venih Pans of Assigns (being her Majesty's natural born Subjects, as aforesaid) out of such of the said Branches or Du excise granted by ties of Excise, whereupon he, she, or they shall pay the Consideration Money, to purchase such Annui 5w. & M. C 5. ties, as aforesaid, shall have and receive an Annuity, yearly Lent, or Payment, after the Rate of fourteen!

Pounds of lawful English Money for every Sum of two hundred and ten Pounds so paid, as aforesaid.

so proportionably for any greater Sum which shall be so paid or contributed, fjr and during the full

Term of fourfeore and nine Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two; the same to be paid at the four most usual feasts of the Year; that is to say, The Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Christ, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the Fesft of the Annunciation of the Biefifd Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and three.

Contributors,

II. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Contributor and Contributors, so paying the they^dannul Consideration Money, as aforesaid, or such as he, she, or they 111 all' nominate, his, her, and their ties>a'Executors, Administrators, an Assigns (being natural born Subjects, as aforesaid) shall have, receive and enjoy, and Be intituled, by virtue of this Act, to have, receive and enjoy the feipeftive Annuity and Annuities, so to be purchased, for and during the whole Term aforesaid, out of 1'uch of the said Rates Free fromtax€3, or Duties of Excise, upon which such Purchase shall be made, as aforesaid, freed from all Ta, xps, Rates, 1<Q' and Impositions whatsoever, and as fully and beneficially as other Purchasers of Anhui tics for any Life or

Lives,

A.D. 1701. Anno primo Ann Reginae. Stat. 2. C 6. 115

Lives, or of any Reversionary Annuities upon the said acts, or any of them, do or ought to have, receive,

or enjoy the respective Annuities so by them purchased: that all and every the Directions, Powers, Powers, C in

and Clauses in the said former Acts contained, for and concerning the levying of Tallies, the making the aforesaid Act

forth of Orders, or for making of Transferrences or Alignments, or for the apportioning or applying revlved'

the Moneys arising by the said bunds or Revenues, or any of them, or for appointing, settling, or establishing

any other Matter or Thing, for or in relation to the respective Annuities thereby purchased or obtained (other than the making Proof of Nominees being alive) shall be and are by Force and Virtue of this act revived, and shall be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, for and in respect of such Annuities as shall be purchased and obtained upon this Act as fully and effectually as if the same Powers, directions, and Clauses were here again expressed, and particularly repeated.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Rates Iij "fe Datits, and Duties of Excise which were granted for ninety-nine Years as aforesaid, or the said two seventh Parts pe

of the other Rates and Duties of Excise abovementioned, or any or either of them, shall at any Time or '

Times appear to be so deficient.in the Produce of the same, as that at the End of any one Year to be reckoned from and after the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thou fa nil seven hundred and two, the same, or any of them respectively, shall not be sufficient to discharge and satisfy all the Payments upon the respective Annuities by this and any former act or Acts of Parliament charged thereupon, whereby the said Annuities, or any of them, shall be in Arrear, then, and so often, and in every such Case, all and every such Deficiency and Deficiencies shall be provided for, answered, hew they Gull and made goodbye or out of the next Aids to be raised and granted by Parliament; and the Moneys so to be provided for, be supplied, together with the Moneys of the Rates and Duties before mentioned, shall be applied to and &c' for the Payment of all Arrears which mall then appear to be due and unpaid upon the said Annuities, or any of them; so that the same shall be fully discharged and paid off, according to the true Meaning of this act.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the better preventing Escapes out of the queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons

WHEREAS diverse Persons heretofore legally committed by her Majesty's several Courts of Re 43 El. e. s. C cord at Weshninjhr, to the custody of the Marshal of the Queen s Bench, and to the Prison of the Fleet, upon actions for the Recovery of Debt, or Damages, or for Conterhpts in not performing Or'

ders or Decrees made in Courts of equity, and in Execution, have by Bribes and illegal Practises, to and with such Marshal of the queen's Bench, or to and with the Warden of the said Prison of the Fleet,

or forne of their Officers or Servants, or other Persons in Trull for them, and for their respective Uses and Benefit, frequently procured from such Marshal or Warden Liberty to escape, and go at large,

without Satisfaction made to the respective Plaintiffs or Creditors, and without discharging such Debts, e or satisfying such Damages, or performing such Orders or Decrees, as well to the great Dan age of ho nest Creditors, the Decrease of personal Credit, and Discouragement of Trade, as in open Defiance to all good and wholesome Laws heretofore made to restrain such Abuses For Remedy whereof, and for preventing the like evil Practises for the future, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person or Persons already committed, rendered, or charged, or who shall hereafter be committed, or rendered to, or charged in the Custody of the Marshal of the Qt: een, s Bench for the Time being, or to or in the Prison of the Fleet, either in Exe Prisoner in the cution, or upon Mesne Process, or upon any Contempt in not performing such Order or Decree b; r any bcpcl1

of her Majesty's Courts at Westmmlhr, and such Person or Persons shall, at any Time after such com or f!eecprlfon» mitment, Render, Charge, or being in Execution, and before he, she, or they shall have made Payment or Satisfaction to the respective Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Creditor or Creditors, or shall have cleared him, her, or themselves of such Contempts, as he, she, or they were, or hall be charged with at the Time of such their Commitment, Render, Charge, or being in Execution as aforesaid, make any Escape from the makingefcspe, Custody of the Marshal of the queen's Bench for the Time being, or from the Prison of the said Queen's Bench, or from the Prison of thefleet, or either of them, or shall go at large, at any Time after the three and twentieth Day of January, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thou find seven hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful upon Oath thereof in Writing to be made by one or more credible Per on Oath thereof, son or Persons, before any one of the Judges of that Court where such Action was entered, or Judgement and Execution were obtained, or where the Party was so committed or charged as aforesaid, to and for such Judge, before whom such Oath shall be made as a'bovesaid, and such judge is hereby authorised and required, from Time to Time, to grant unto any Person whatsoever, who shall demand the same, one or more Warrant or Warrants under his Hand an Serf, therein reciting the Action or actions, Execu ju(jge msy grar.t tion or Executions, Contempt or Contempts, with which such Person or Persons so escaping, orge Warrant for ing at large, flood charged, or were committed at the Suit of any Person or Persons, on whose Behalf 'e tsking facia such Warrant of Warrants shall be demanded at the Time of such Escape, or going at large (which prisoner said Warrant or Warrants shall he in Force in all Places whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed) directed to all Sheriffs, Mayors,

Bailiffs, Constables, Heaaboroughs, and Tythingtnen, therein and thereby commanding them, and eve try of them, in their respective Counties, Cities, Towns, and precincts, to seize and re take such Person

CL or

116

who shall be committed to the County Gaol where taken, there to remain C

By 5 Annse, C 9. 1. such Persons shall be committed to the Prison, which the Sheriff useth for Debtors.' Exception.

Mayor, caster Delivery of prisoner, shall cake a Receipt from Sheriff.

Sheriff to make Return of Warrant, C

and answer for Prisoner escaping, after retaken.

Prisoners Basil may have a Writ to Sheriff to detain Prisoner, C

Writ to be returned into Court, dec.

Sheriff, C afterward suffering Prisoner to escape, liable to such Action, cas Marshal or y/arden, C

Penalty on Sheriff, C neglecting to make Return of Writ.

Reddidit fs.

This Act to be a General Law.

General Issue

Costs.

Farther proviji ors concerning Prij

C 6. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. 2. A.D. 1701.

or Persons so escaped, or going at large; and such Person or Persons fore taken upon such Warrant forthwith to convey and commit to the common Gao] of such County where Arch Person or Persons so escaped, or going at large, shall be rc taken, there to remain without Bail or Mainprize, or being the nce upon any Account whatsoever delivered or removed, until he, she, or they shall have made full' Payment or Satisfaction to the respective Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Creditor or Creditors, in such Action or Actions, Execution or Executions named, or until the Judgement or Judgments, on which such Execution or Executions was or were sued out against such Person or Persons, shall be reversed or discharged by due Course of Law, or until Judgement in such Action or Actions be given for such Person or Persons so committed as aforesaid, or until the said Contempt or Contempts, for which such Person or Persons were or shall be committed, be cleared, and discharged; except such Person or Persons be charged with Treason or Felony, or any other Crime, Matter, or Cause, for and on the Behalf of the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; and if he or she, for any such Cause, on the Behalf of the Queen, her Heirs and successors, he removed to any other Gaol or Prison, he or flic shall be, in the Custody of such Gaol, charged with all the Causes with which he or she is or shall be charged in the Gaol from whence he or file shall be removed: And every Mayor, and other Officer as aforesaid, after Delivery of such Prisoner fore taken together with such Warrant to the Sheriff, shall take a Note in Writing from such Sheriff, testifying the Receipt of such Prisoner, which said Sheriff is hereby required to receive such Prisoner, and give such Note: And every such Sheriff as aforesaid, after the Execution of such Warrant, shall forthwith make a Return thereof to the Court where the Action shall be depending, or Judgement, Order, or Decree had or obtained; which shall be entered and filed upon Record.

II. And be it further enacted, That if any such Person or Persons fore taken by Warrant as aforesaid, shall at any Time make any Escape out of the Gaol to which he, she, or they shall be so conveyed and committed as aforesaid, the Sheriff, in whose Custody he, she, or they was or were, shall be liable to answer for such Escape, as in the Case of any other Escape; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, that are or shall be Bail in any Suit or Action in any of herma jessy's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any such Person or Persons that shall be re taken and conveyed to such Gaol as aforesaid, by Virtue of such Warrant as aforesaid, to have and prosecute, out of such of her Majesty's Courts, where he or they are or shall be Bail, a Writ directed to the Sheriff of the County, to the Gaol whereof such Prisoner fore taken shall be committed and detained, commanding such Sheriff to detain and keep such Prisoner in Custody in discharge of his Bail; which Writ, with an Account whether he hath the said Prisoner in his Custody, shall be returned by the said Sheriff into Court, at a Day therein to be mentioned, and the Delivery of every such Writ to the Sheriff, or his Deputy, shall be deemed and taken to be an effectual Render of such Prisoner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, in discharge of the said Bail; and that in case such Sheriff, his Deputy, or other his inferior Officer, shall thereafter suffer the Person or Persons so rendered, in discharge of his, her, or their Bail, to escape, they and every of them so offending shall be liable to such Action and Actions, as the Marshal of the queen's Bench, or Warden of the Fleet Prison, is or are liable to, for permitting any Person to escape out of his or their Custody or Prison, who was committed to such Custody or Prison upon render, in discharge of his, her, or their Bail.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every such Sheriffs, upon Request of such Person or Persons, being Bail as aforesaid, who shall deliver such Writ for keeping and detaining such Prisoner as aforesaid, and for tyre usual Fees of Returns of Actions, shall make, return and certify, under his Hand, the Receipt cf such Writ, and the Time thereof, and whether the said Person fore taken was then in his Custody, and in Default thereof, shall for every such Defhult, Neglect, or Refusal, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that upon producing such Return or Certificate to the Court where such Pail shall be taken, such Court shall direct and cause a Reddidit fe to be entered upon the bail piece, which shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Bail had then actually rendered the Person of the said Defendant to such Court, or before any Judge or Judges of the same.

V. And for the Prevention ofdifputes touching this Act, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same, and every Clause and Thing therein contained, shall be adjudged and taken to be a general Law, and that it shall not be needful to set forth the same in Pleading, or any Part thereof; and that the same, and every Clause therein, shall be construed most beneficially for the preventing of all the Mischiefs,

Abuses, Escapes, and other Inconveniences herein provided against: And further, That if any Person or Persons shall at any ime be sued for putting in Execution any Power or Authority given by

this Act, such person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give in Evidence the special Matter; and if the Plaintiff' or Plaintiffs in such Action or Actions shall be nonsuit, or discontinue his, her. or their Action or Actions, or a Verdict shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, or that Judgement upon Demurrer shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants, every such Defendent or Defendants shall have his or their treble Costs of Suit.

Otters, St.9 Geo. i. r, zs, igeo, I, C 12, II Get, 2. C io, is G, 2, C 31. 27 Ga. 2, r, 3 £? 17, eri 32 gvc, 2, C 2$;

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. 2. €.7, 8. 117

CAP. VII.

An Act for explaining and making effectual a late Statute concerning the Haven and Piers of the Burgh i0w, C 5; of Great Yarmouth, and for confirming the Rights and Privileges of the said Burgh. When the Name PR. and Style of the Corporation of Great Yarmouth shall be altered, r. the Mayor, C shall have and enjoy the same Rights, cas Bailiffs, C Mayor, C liable to account for Moneys collected, and pay the like fee-farm Rents, VAS the Bailiffs, C twelve Commissioners to ihfpeft the Accounts, who may call before them the Collectors, and order Moneys resting due to be laid out, C

CAP. VIII.

An Act for Explanation of a Clause in one Act: made in the seventh Year of his late majesty's Reign relating to Borelaps, and to takeoff the additional Subsidy upon Irish Linen.

WHEREAS in and by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for continuing several A Clause in Ditties granted by former acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and Sass India Goods, and other 7 W. 3 C 10Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War agahijl France, it is therein recited, '['hat whereas several Merchants trading with the United Provinces in several Sorts of coarse Linen, commonly called Bore laps, had then of late been compelled to pay Custom for the same as Hollands, which came to above thirty-five Pounds per Centum; whereby the said Trade, so useful to the poorer Sort of People, was not only likely to be lost, but the Customs thereby much abated: It was therefore enacted, That all such Linen Cloth, known or commonly called by the Name of Borelaps, not exceeding twenty-eight Inches and a Half in Breadth, nor twelve Pence an English Ell in Value, should be entered ad valorem during the Continuance of that Act, and pay all other Duties accordingly: And whereas some Doubt hath been made, whether the said Clause concerning Borelaps be yet in Force, and is to continue for such oncern nsborc Time and Term of Years, as other Clauses in the said recited Act are by subsequent Acts now in Force ^'1". ^beln continued; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the queen's raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with Force till 1710. the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause concerning Borelaps, and the Duties and Customs payable for the same ad Valorem, is and shall be in full Force and Fffeft to all Intents, constructions and Purposes whatsoever, until the first Day oiaugujl one thousand seven hundred and ten.

EXP.

II. And whereas by one other Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Will 7 3 39.

LIAM the Third, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland, and bringing Flax and Hemp into, and the making of Sailcloth in his Kingdom, it is enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Native or Natives of England, or Ireland, to import into England, directly from Ireland,

any Sorts of Hemp or Flax, and all the Prcduftion thereof, as Thread, Yard, and Linen, of the Growth and Manufacture of Ireland, free from all Manner of Customs, Duties, and Impositions what Ibever, upon producing such Certificate, and making such Oath, as in the said Act is mentioned: And ' Whereas by one other Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled An 8W.3.C. 4.

Act for granting to this Majesty a further Subsidy of Tannage and Poundage upon Merchandizes imported, for the Term of two Years and three Quarters, and an additional Land Tax for one Year, for carrying on the War against France, a further Subsidy of Poundage was granted to his Majesty after the Rate of twelve Pence for the Value of every twenty Shillings, upon all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes imported or brought into this realm, or any the Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, and before the first Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, according to the several and particular Rates and Values of the same Goods and Merchandizes, as the same are particularly and respectively rated and valued in the aforesaid Book of Rates; which said additional Subsidy of Poundage hath been since continued by diverse Acts, and is yet in Force, and to continue for and during the Term of her Majesty's Life; by reason of which said last mentioned Act, and the several Acts for continuing the said additional Subsidies, all Linens imported from Ireland do now Hand charged with the said additional Subsidy of twelve Pence for the Value of every twenty Shillings of the lame Goods imported, notwithstanding the said recited Act of the seventh Year of his late majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Linen Manufactu e of Ireland; '

Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of March in the Hemp or Flax, Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, all Sorts of Hemp or Flax, and all the Production may be im thereof, as Thread, Yarn and Linen, imported into England directly from Ireland, by any Native or Na ported from ire tives of England or Ireland, being of the Growth and Manufacture of Ireland, upon producing such Cer lan(1' ree' tificates, and making such Oath as in and by the said Act of the seventh Year of his said late Majesty was and is required, shall be free from the said additional Subsidy of Poundage, and all Manner of Customs,

Duties and mpofitior.s whatsoever; any Act, Custom, or Usage heretofore to the contrary thereof in

any wise notwithstanding'j.

lovinn. C 19.

12 Ann. Ji. 1. C 9, 19 S' 21. 1 Geo. 1. c. 36. 3 Geo. I, e, 7 & 21. 17 Geo. 2. c. 30. IS Geo. 2. c. 24, 27 (s' 36, 21 Geo. 2. c. 26. 24 Geo. 2. c. 46.

29 Geo. 2. c. 15. ara 32 Geo. 2. 1. 32.

n8 C 9- —: i. Anno primo Ann Reginae. Stat, .2. A.D. 1701.

If principal Offender be con vidied of Felony, cit shall be lawful to proceed against access or, ';

who on Conviction Hi all suffer the same Puri fhm.*nt. Sec.

3 & 4 W; & M C 9.§ 4 sat ti er Prwjiatii

Receivers of Rosen Goods may be punished, where the principal Felon is not convicted. See farthi r 4 Geo. i. C 11. witnesses for Prisoner on trial for Treason or Felony, shall depose on Oath, in such Manner as the queen's Witnesses. Penalties if convicted of Perjury. Captain, Master, C wilfullycaft ingaway or burning, C any Ship, shall suffer Death.

Such offence Committed on the High Seas may be tried in any Shire in England, as by 28 H. 8. C 15. Person convicted thereof to suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy

i$pf

sir.

CAP. IX.

An act for punishing of accessories to Felonies, and Receivers of stolen Goods, and to prevent the wilful burning and destroying of Ships.

T?ORASMUCH as the' Counsellers and Contrivers of Theft and other Felonies, and the Re ' Xf ceivers of goods that have been stolen, are the principal Cause of the Commission of such felo nies; and as the Law now is, no Accessory can he convicted or suffer any Punishment where the prin cipal is not attainted, or hath the Benefit of his Clergy; ' Be it therefore enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That, from and after the twelfth Day of February which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two, if any principal Offender shall be convicted of any Felony, or fhalhland mute, or peremptorily challenge above the Number of twenty Persons returned to serve of the Jury, it shall and may be lawful to proceed against any Accessory, either before or after the Fact, in the same Manner, as if such principal Felon had been attainted thereof, notwithstanding any such principal Felon shall be admitted to the Benefit of his Clergy, pardoned, or otherwise delivered before Attainder; and every such Accessory shall suffer the Time Punishment, if he or she be convicted, or shall Hand mute, or peremptorily challenge above the Number of twenty Persons returned to serve of the Jury, as lie or she should have suffered if the Principal had been attainted.

concerning accc/firia, 3 Ann C 31.

II. And forasmuch as Buyers and Receivers of stolen Goods do oftentimes convey away and conceal the principal Felons, so that they cannot be convicted of such principal Felony, and thereby such Buyers and Receivers have efcaned all Manner of Punishment, which hath greatly encouraged the buying and receiving of such stolen Goods For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and two, it shall and may be lawful to prosecute and punish every such Person and Persons buying or receiving any stolen Goods, knowing the same to be stolen, as for a Misdemeanour, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, 'although the principal Felon be not before convicted of the said Felony, which shall exempt the Offender from being punished as Accessory, if the Principal shall be afterwards convicted.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and two, all and every Person and Persons, who shall be produced or appear as a Witness or Witnesses on the Behalf of the Prisoner, upon any Trial for Treason or Felony, before he or she be admitted to depose, or give any Manner of Evidence, shall first take an Oath to depose the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth, in such Manner, as the Witnesses for the Queen are by Law obliged to do; and if convicted of any wilful Perjury in such Evidence, shall suffer all the punishme nts, Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, which by any of the Laws and Statutes of this Realm are and may be inflicted upon Persons convicted of wilful Perjury.

IV. And for the effectual preventing the wilful calling away, burning, or otherwise destroying, by Maffers and Mariners, of Ships under their Charge; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Captain, Master, Mariner, or other Officer belonging to any Ship, shall, after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and two, wilfully caff away, burn, or otherwise destroy the Ship unto which he fcelo.ngeth, or procure the same to be clone, to the Prejudice of the Owner or Owners thereof, or of any Merchant or Merchants that shall load Goods thereon, he shall suffer Death as a Felon.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Offence and Offences committed on the High Seas, or where the Admiralty hath Jurisdiction, shall be inquired, tried, heard, determined, and judged, in such Shires and Places in the Realm, as shall be limited by the queen's Cornrriffion under the Great Seal of England, in such Manner and Form, as in and by an Act made in the twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of the late King Henry the Eighth is directed and appointed for the trial of Pirates; and that all and every Person and Persons, who, from and after the said twelfth Day of February one thousand fever, hundred and two, shall be convict or" any of the said Offence or Offences raft mentioned, or shall stand mute, or peremptorily challenge above the Number of twenty Persons returned to serve of the Jury, shall suffer Death without Benefit of Clergy.

CAP. X

An Act for the' better repairing and amending the Highways, from the North End of Thornwaod Common,

to Woodford in the County of Essex.

CAP. XI.

'an Act for making the River Cham, alias Grant, in the County of Cambridge, more navagable, from clay hiihe Ferry to the Queens Mill, in the University and Town of Cambridge. Eleven Conservators of

vatofs and Owners. Such Determination to bind all Parties, and be recorded

On Payment of Moneys

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. 2. C 12. 119

nics agreed on, Conservators may dig, &c. Conservators, &c. to make orders for the orderly Usage of the said River, (Ac, Justices of Assize may relieve Persons aggrieved, University may choose one or more Conservators, in Case of Death, (ifc. and so may Justices, &c. and the Mayor and Aldermen of Cambridge, &c. Conservators so chosen to have like Power, (3 C and never to exceed eleven. After Works are finished, Conservators may survey the River, &c. and make Orders, &c. River, &c. to be under the foie Rule, &c. of Conservators, and not subject to any Commission of Sewers. Tolls and Duties to be paid for carrying Goods or Passengers up or down the said River, viz. For every '

Chaluer of Coals, 9d. Plundred of Deal Boards, 2 s. Load or Tun of Timber, is. Last of Wheat,

Rye, or Mefledine, n. 6 d. Last of Oats, Barley, or Malt, 1 s. 1 housand of Bricks, 1 s. thousand of Tiles, 6 d. Hundred of Sedge, 2 d. Tun of Stones or Pebbles, 1 j, Thousand of Turf, 2 d.

Load or twenty hundred of Hay, 0 d. Last of Seeds, 16 d. Tun of Clay, or Sand, 6d. Hundred of Salt Fifth, is. Tun of Iron, or Lead, 2r. Tun of Salt; is. Tun of Wine, s. Tun of Oil,

Vinegar, Pitch, Tar, or Sope, is. Tun of Butter or.cheese, is. Hundred of Faggots, 2 d. Hundred of Billets, 2 d. Hundred of Hops, 6 d. Tun of Cyder, 2 s. Hundred Pales, Barrel, or Hogshead Staves, id. Passage Boats, for each pafpenger, id. Goods not here mentioned, is. per Tun. Right of the University, &c. saved. Conservators, &c. may appoint a Collector, who shall pay the Moneys received once in fourteen Days to the Treasurer, Collector, Treasurer, &c. to give Security, and may be removed, &c. Conservators may convey the Duties for Moneys borrowed. How Moneys borrowed shall be employed. Duties shall not be conveyed for more than 2, 000l. After Principal and Interest shall be discharged, Conservators to lay their Accounts before the Auditors, &c. Collector, &c. may enter into any Boat, &c. and in case Duty be not paid, Boat, &c. may be stopped, and Distress sold. Once a Year Inspection to be, made of all Receipts and Disbursements, &c. in St. Marys Church in cam bridge. Auditors to pal's the Accounts, and the same to be entered in three Books, which may be inspected gratis. Watermen, &c. may use Winches, &c. Masters of Lighters, Boats, &c. responsible for Damages, (esc. Height of the Tops of Wears, Salles, fife. In the Absence of Chancellor, vice-chancellor to act, fist. Conservators to choose Collector, Receiver, Treasurer, fife, and make Orders,

(Ac. University, fist. may alter or vacate such Orders, and remove Collectors, &c.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the finishing and adorning the Cathedral Church of Saint paul's London,

C 1i\thereas the Revenue already granted for rebuilding and adorning the Cathedral Church of Saint paid's, London, is not sufficient to complete the same; and it being also requisite to remove the Houses between the North Side of the said Cathedral Church, and the Alleys called New Jewry and pijjirg Alley, which by their nearness thereto expose it to apparent Danger in case of Fire, the Purchase and Removal whereof will be an additional Expense; and the said Building being now so far advanced,

that it may in few Years he perfected, if vigorously carried on Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, 'and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for all Sorts of For all Coals and Coals and Culm, which from and after the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eight, cuift°yn7°s. and before the fifteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall be imported or brought p0tto( C into the Port of the said City of London, or the River of Thames, within the Liberty of the said City upon London or the the same River, there shall be paid, by way of Imposition thereupon, over and besides all other Impositions Thames, shall be' and Duties, according to the Rates hereafter mentioned (that is to say) For all such Sorts of Coals Pirates rates and Culm as are usually sold by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels Win £)llowms> viz. chester Measure, the Sum of two Shillings; and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every or

Tun thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the Sum of two Shillings; which said Imposition of Culm, zs. two Shillings for every Uhalder of Coals or Culm, or Tun of CC als, shall, from Time to Time, during coals sold by the the Term aforesaid, be levied, answered, collected, and paid, in the same Manner, Methods, and tun>2s per Form, and at such Places, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and for Manner

feitures, as are mentioned, expressed, or directed in and by an Act of Parliament passed at Weji Duties shall be mirsler, in the first Year of the Reign of King jajwes the Second, intituled, An Act for rebuilding, finish levied, C big, and adorning of the Cathedral Church of Saint paul's, London, for levying, answering, collecting, and The Powers in paying, the Imposition of eighteen Pence for every Chalder or Tun of Coals granted by the said recited 1 ] " C W Act; and that ail and every the Powers, Authorities, Articles, Rules, and Clauses in the said recited Act revlve '. '

mentioned or contained, shall be of such Force and Bffeft to all Intents and Purposes, for the levying, collecting, paying, ordering, and disposing of the Imposition hereby granted, for and during the Lid Term herein before limited, as if the same were particularly and at large set down and enacted by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money bow of jvloney, which shall be raised, collected, or levied, by virtue, of this Act, shall be appropriated, applied, propriated. and di (poled to the completing, adorning, securing and preserving the said Cathedral Church of Saint paul's, and to no other Use or Purchase whatsoeve'r: And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for the Time being, or any two of them, shall have the i like Powers and Authorities for the ordering, directing, and disposing of the Moneys arising by virtue of this Act, for the Purpose before mentioned, as they had by the said former Act, for the ordering, directing, and disposing of the Moneys arising. thereby.

I 20

C 12. Anno primo Ann, Reginae. Stat. 2. A.D. 1701.

Commissioners

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for may appropriate the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for the Time to much Money being, or any two of them, to contract for and purchase, and to appropriate, by Warrant under their

in the buud?ns and Seals, so much Moneys arising by the Duties granted by this Act, as shall be sufficient for the

to be dcmoh(hfd, contracting for, purchasing and demolishing all the said Houses and Buildings, with their Appurtenances, C'which are now erected, and (landing between the North Side of the said Cathedral Church and the said

Jewry, '^Alleys called New Jewry and pijjing Alley; and that the Ground of the said Houses and Yards thereunto be pifi|n6 Alley, ']0nging (when purchased) shall be and remain for ever after free from any future Building whatsoever, Houses, Sheds, except as herein after is excepted: And also all Houses, Buildings, and Sheds, made use of for watch c. to be pulled houses, or any Offices of the said Fabric, for the Building thereof, shall at such Time as the said Lord down, Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for the Time being, or

and Ground laid any two of them hall appoint, be pulled and taken down, and that the Ground or Soil thereof shall be to the Church Did to, and remain as Part of the Church Yard of the said Cathedral Church: And that for the making yar<i the more regular the said Church Yard, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London ana

Commissioners Lord mayor of London, for the Time being, or any two of them, hall have Power to treat and agree with may agree with the respective Vestries of the Parishioners of Saint Gregory and Saint Faith, for exchanging their Places the ye(!rles of of Burial in the Church Yard, and Vaults under the Cathedra] Church of Saint paul's, for other equiva st" faith°for« ent Ground and Vaults belonging to the said Cathedra], or elsewhere in the said Parishes: all the changing their Ground and Vaults, as well that to be received in exchange, as of the Houses, Buildings, and Sheds Burial Places, C aforesaid, hall be deemed and reputed the churchyard and burying Ground of the Cathedral Church of Saint paul's.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at such Time as the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for the Time being, or any

Church Yard to two of them, hall think fit, the said Church Yard shall be enclosed or separated from the High Street, be ad anc lat; no h°use or Building whatsoever shall hereafter be erected in or upon any Part of the said Church

erected thereon Yard, except a Place for the meeting of the Chapter of the said Cathedral Church, and for keeping except a Chapter the Stores for the necessary Repairs of the said Church, which may be built by and with Part of the Mo house, cor ney to be raised by virtue of this Act. And if any House or Building shall hereafter be erected in or upon Storehouse, any Part thereof, except as before excepted, the same shall be taken and esteemed a common Nuisance, and be prosecuted and punished as such' '

And whereas some of the Houses and Grounds, which may be purchased and made use of for fecu ring the said Cathedral from accidents.of Fire, and for regulating the Church Yard, as aforesaid, do or may belong to the See of London, Dean and Chapter, or Petty Canons, of the said Cathedral, in Right

Sale of Houfts, ' of the said See, Chapter, and Church Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Sale made

made by she by the Lord Bishop of London, Dean and Chapter, or Petty Canons, of any such Houses and Grounds don shall be orte f>ljrp0fes aforesaid, shall be good and valid in the Law, and shall bind them and their Successors, good in Law. any Statute of Restraint to the contrary notwithstanding: that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, How Purchase Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for the Time being, or any two of them, shall ap monieeshall be ply and layout the Moneys which shall be paid for the Purchase of the Estate and Interest of the said ppphed. Lord Bishop of London, Dean and Chapter, or Petty Canons, in the said Houses and Grounds belonging to the said See of London, the said Dean and Chapter and Petty Canons, or any of them, for the purchasing of Lands and Tenements in Fee Simple, to be settled upon them respectively, and upon their respective successors, in Right of the said Church; which said Purchase and Settlements shall be valid in Law to all Intents and Purposes, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute, Law, or Custom notwithstanding.

VI. And forasmuch as it is the Intention of this Act, that the Rebuilding of the said Cathedral Church of Saint paul's be speedily completed, which will save much Charge and Expense, that would

Commissioners be unavoidable, in case of a slow and dilatory Progress Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That may engage the the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for the Profits, itc. Time being, or any two of them, shall and are hereby empowered, by Indenture under their Hands and Seals, to engage the Profits arising out of the respective Impositions by this Actor any Part or Parts thereof, as a Security for the Repayment of any Sum or Sums of Money by them to be borrowed for

How interest the Ends and Purposes of this Act, with Interest for Forbearance of the same (the Interest whereof

bill be psi<l. to grow due before the Commencement of the Duty hereby imposed, shall and may be paid out of the Moneys arising by the Duties given by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the late King S W. 3. C 14. William the Third, intituled, An Act for compleaiing the Building and adorning the Cathedral Church of Saint paul's, London, and for repairing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster; so as such Payments do not prejudice any Persons who have already advanced any Sums on the Credit of the said lad mentioned Duties) to any Person or Persons that shall or will advance or lend any Sum or Sums of Money How Moneys upon such Security: All which Money so to be borrowed, shall be employed for and towards rebuilding,

borrowed hall finishing, adorning, and securing the said Cathedral Church, and for contracting for, purchasing, and 1

be employed, demolishing the adjacent Houses and Buildings aforesaid; as also for enclosing and regulating the Church Ygrd of the said Cathedral Church, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act.

A.D. 1701.

121

Anno primo Annje Regina;. Stat. 2.

C 13.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for continuing former Acts for exporting Leather, and for Ease of Jurors, and for reviving and making more effectual an Act relating to Vagrants.

WHEREAS diverse temporary Laws, which by Experience are found to be useful, and bene ficial, are near expiring Therefore for continuing the same, be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for giving Liberty 20 Car. a. C 5. to buy and export Leather, and Skins tanned and drcjfed; which Add was revived by an Add in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James; which Adds were revived and continued by an Add made in the first Year of the late King William and Queen Mary; which Adds were revived and continued by another Add in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled.

An Act for continuing several Acts therein mentioned; which Add will expire the End of the firfd Session of Parliament next after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, shall be continued, and be in Force for the Space of seven Years, from the End of that Session of Parliament, and from thence to the End of the firfd Session of Parliament thence next enfying.

9 Ann. C 6, 12 Ann, St. a. C 9, 3 Geo. 1. c. 4, 5 Geo. 1. c. 2. end

3 Jac. 2. C 13,

1 w.&m.ff.x, C 23.

7 & 8 W. 3. C 36, for exporting Leather, continued for 7 Years.

EXP.

See farther 12 Geo. 2. c. 25.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Add made in the seventh and eighth Years .7&8w-3-c-32' of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating ^cyonttoued' of Juries, which Act will expire at the End of the next Session of rarliaiment after the field Day of for'7 year?. May one thousand seven hundred and three, shall be, and is' hereby continued for the Space of < Perpetual 6 seven Years, from the Expiration thereof, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Par Geo. 2. C 37.' liament.'" See farther 24

III. And whereas diverse Perfoms within the County of York, liable to serve on Juries at Assizes and fffagco. 2.

Sessions of the Peace (having very considerable Estates in Freehold and Copyhold) do for their own Ease C j j,

prevail with Sheriff's to be returned and summoned to the Service of the Sessions, being nigh their ha bitations, and the Attendance there short, which often necelfitates Men of meaner Estates to be on juries at the Assizes, than otherwise might and ought to be, where the considerableft Men of Estates,

liable to the said Service, ought in their legal Course to be returned, summoned, and to servefor Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in Parliament assembled, That no Persons in the Person interested in such Estate as will qualify him to serve on Juries, of the clear yearly Value of one County of York hundred and fifty Pounds, or of any greater yearly Value, shall be returned and summoned to serve upon having in Estate any Jury, at any Sessions of the Peace held for any Part of the County of York, upon the Penalty of anns.°&'c.pfhalt twenty Pounds, to be forfeited by any Sheriff, under Sheriff, or other Officer whatsoever, making such noc he returned Return and Summons as aforesaid, to be recovered to and for the Use of any Person that will sue for the on Juries it the same, in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, Information, or Sessiom, &c. otherwise, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance henuty. shall be allowed.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither by Lavy they ought to be font; which Act will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and three, continued for be continued for the Space of three Years from the Expiration thereof, and from thence to the End of the 3 Years, next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

V. And whereas the said Act has Respect only to such Vagrants as arefound to havepalffs, Testimo

nials. Letters ofrequest, or other Writings, pretending thereby either to be relieved or conveyed; 'be

it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act shall be, and be construed to extend to all. Vac < For there grants whatsoever, whether with Passes or without. ciaufts concern

VI. And whereas several great Sums of Money, fmee the making the said Act, have been levied and ing Vagrants, see £ expended for the conveying of Vagrants, and that some Justices of the Peace give greater Allowances An, nk' C

to Constables for conveying Vagrants than may seem to be lieceflary, and that the Owners ofhorfes,

Wagons. Carts, or other necessary Carriages for conveying such Vagrants, are often extravagant in their Rates and Demands For Remedy whereof, and for better regulating and afeertinaing such Allowances, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace at the first Quarter Sessions T ever

that shall beheld for the several Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Liberties, after the Commencement itt down the to of this Act, wherein they are commissioned to act, and so yearly, at every Easter Sessions, during the Raies for con continuance of this Act, are hereby impowered and required to ascertain and let down the several Rates veying ofva that shall for the Year ensuing be allowed for maintaining and conveying, and carrying of such Vagrants grants, cas shall be puffed or carried through their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Liberties'; of which Enforced by laid Rates the Clerks of the Peace are hereby required to give Copies to each Justice gratis, that they may Vf C JI' accordingly regulate the Allowances which they shall have Occasion to tax, upon the Back of the Certifi »' Rcej) C 32. cates by them to be given to the several Petty Constables.

V ol, IV R VII. And'

No High con tfable to pay the Rates till Constable produce a Receipt, See,

Penalty on Constable, &c. relu sing to do his

Clause in 12 &3 W. 3. C 11*is. repealed.

C 14, 15. Anno primo anne Reginas Stat. 2. A.D. 1701.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Chief or High Constable shall pay the Rates taxed upon the Certificates brought to them by their Petty Constables, unless they shall, at the same Time, produce to them a Receipt from the Constables of the adjacent Counties, to whom they are ordered to deliver the said Vagrants, of their having received such Vagrant or Vagrants directed to be conveyed to to them by the said Order; which said, Constables of the said adjacent Counties, are hereby required to receive the said Vagrant or Vagrants, and at the same Time to give such Receipt as hereby is required.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Chief Constable, Petty Constable, or other fire'n Officer, shall refuse or neglect to do their several Duties by this Act enjoined, they shall for every Offence forfeit the Sum'of twenty Shillings; which laid several Forfeitures and Penalties shall be recovered and recoverable as other Forfeitures and Penalties by this or the former Act are appointed to be recovered.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for encouraging the Consumption of malted Corn, and for the better presenting the

running of French and Foreign Brandy

WHEREAS the making of English Brandy and strong Waters from malted Corn, hath been encouraged by several Acts of Parliament, whereby great Quantities of the worst Sort of malted Corn, not useful to the Brewers, hath been yearly confirmed by those who setup Works for that Purpose: And whereas the Consumption of English Brandy and strong Waters, made from malted Corn, hath of late Years been greatly hindered, as well by the running of French and other Foreign Brandies, as also by a Clause in an Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of his fate majesty's. ' Reign, intituled, An Act for granting unto his Majesty several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the prji Extrailion, and for continuing other Duties, whereby all Distillers. and Tradesmen, who fell Brandy or strong Water by Retail, are compelled to take Licences as common Alehouse Keepers For Remedy whereof, be" it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That as for and concerning all Distillers who keep Houses or Places of distilling the Liquors aforesaid, and also all other Shopkeepers whose principal Dealings shall be more in other Goods and Merchandizes than in Brandy or strong Waters, and who do not permit or suffer Tippling in his or their Houses, the said Clause in the said recited Act, for compelling, all Distillers and others to take Licences as common Alehouse Keepers, shall be repealed, and the same Clause is hereby repealed,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any Time hereafter, import, land, or deliver out of any Ship, Vessel or Boats, any French Brandy, before the Duty due or payable to her Majesty for the same shall be paid, or secured to be paid, or by Licence from the proper Officer so to do, every Person or Persons that hall so do, or be aiding or assisting the rein, or shall conceal the same when landed, shall not only forfeit the Goods so imported, but also forfeit and pay double the Value of such Goods so clandestinely imported; one Moiety whereof, after Charges of Suit deducted, shall be paid to her Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to the Informer, who shall sue for the' same in any of her majestyv Courts of Record, by Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Effom, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance: And if any Officer or Officers belonging to her Majesty's Customs or Excise, or other her Majesty's Duties or Revenues, shall connive at, or be concerned in any such clandestine Importation, or after ho shall be informed thereof shall conceal the same, or not give Notice thereof to her Majesty's of of the Customs or Excise. some of them, or shall compound, without Licence, with any Person or Persons concerned in any such clandestine Importation of French Brandy, such Person and Persons shall be incapable of executing any Office in her Majesty's Revenue, and shall also forfeit and pay the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and divided as aforesaid.

CAP. XV.

2XP, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Subsidies for carrying on. the War against Frame and Spain.

Stock in Trade to pay s°s. percent, for one Year. Except Malt and Corn, &c. Stock in Husbandry. and capital Stock of Corporations Mortgages, Judgments, Statutes, Bonds, &c. to

giy 25 r. percent. for one Year. Except Debts owing Irom her Majesty, and Arrears of Rent. A eduftion for Debts owing at Interest. Anuuity, Penfton, &c. out of the Exchequer, to pay4r. irt the Pound for one Year Except out of Lands, &c. specially exempted. Persons having See or Salary, &c. arising by Offices Ecclesiastical, Civil, or Military, to pay i s. in the Pound for one Year, And Officers under Queen Dowager, and under Lords of Manors, &c. and their Clerks, Deputies, &c. Except Officers in Muller. Practicers in the Law. Preachers in separate Congregations. Brokers, Factors, &c. Practicers in Physic, and other Professions, to pay in the Pound for one Year. 3 Amnte, stat, a. commiteoners for this year's Land Tax to execute this Act, and to meet on six April 1703.- and may u subdivide. receiver-general to have a List of the Commissioners to act in each divisiont Subsidies.

to be duly assessed Commissioners to summon Assessors, and give them a Charge. Penalty on absenting, or refuting to serve. Commissioners to appoint Affeflbfs, and prefix a Day for to bring in their Assessments, distinguishing in Columns the Rates upon Stock in Trade, Debts at Interest, Pensions and

Annuities,

French Brandy imported or landed before Duty paid, C forfeited.

Penalty on Persons aiding the re in, C

and on Officer concealing the same.

*23

A.D. 1701. Anno primo Ann Regina?. Stat. 2. C 16.

Annuities, Offices, &c. Professions. A'ffeflors to assess the same, and he Collectors. Parish, &c. answerable for Collector. Penalty on A fie (Tor neglecting or refusing to serve, C aiteflors to take the Oath i W. & M. C 8. Commissioners may examine the Presenters, and summon suspected Persons to be examined, &c. and inform themselves on Oath of any Omission or Under Act'cffments, and f t Rates. assess ors to give Copies of their Assessments to Commissioners, who are to deliver hack Duplicates thereof to the aiteflors, and to the Receivers General. Extracts of all the Assessments to be transirrit ted into the Exchequer. Collectors to demand the Money of the Parties themselves, and pay (he same to the Receivers General. Receivers General to appoint Deputies, and notify the same to the Commissioners, &c. and hasten the Collectors, and in case of neglect, life, to distrain. Receiver general's Receipt a Discharge to Collectors. Collectors not obliged to travel above ten Miles; and may retain I. in the Pound for what they collect. p.eceivers General to pay the Moneys into the Exchequer, and to have 2d. in the Pound. Commissioners Clerks three Halfpence in the Pound. Commissioners, (seto apply themselves to the Execution of this act. On Nonpayment Collectors to distrain. Distress t be kept four Days, and then sold. Lawful to break open Houses, and any Chest, (3 C Commissioners to determine Disputes about distreltes. Persons refusing to pay, to be committed to Gaol, except a Peer or Peeress. Parents, of to pay for Minors, and be allowed the same in their Accounts. Persons, (fc. having Stock of others, to pay, and be allowed, CSV. Persons, (3 C to be taxed where they reside, &c. Offices, &c. to be afltfled where exercised. Persons not Housholders, where they reside. Persons out of the Realm, where they last resided. Persons doubly charged, on Certificate and Oath to be discharged. Persons who by Fraud shall escape being taxed to be doubly charged. Commissioners to nominate alteltors and Collectors for privileged and extra parochial Places, and assess the allef fors. The East India Companies, the Bank, and Companies of Merchants in London, to be ailefled by the Commissioners of London. Treasurers of the Companies to pay the Tax. Members of Parliament where to be asset'ed. Traders, &c. to give the Assessors a Particular of their Stock, (sc. Assessors rii^y enter into any Shop, &c. Persons refusing Entrance, forfeit 50l. If Assessors Tufpedt the Particulars, to assess according to the bed of their Judgments. Commissioners to examine the Assessments, (sc. Persons intituled to Debts at Interest, to deliver a Specification of the Debts; and of the Persons liable to the same, (sc, Commissioners to sign attested Copies of the Specifications. Upon Oath that Debts are desperate, Commissioners to discharge, (sc. Lands, (sein Possession of any per soil for Debts, (sc. such Debts not to be charged. Persons beyond Sea, and Minors, having Money at Interest, Trustees or Guardians to pay the Duties. Persons overrated may appeal. Commissioners to examine the Assessments. Appeals once heard to be filial. Master, Fellow, &c. of Colleges exempted from Tax. None compelled to be an Assessor, &c. out of the Limits of the Place where he lives: Nor liable to the Penalties of 25 Car. 2. C 2. or to the Penalties 13 W. 3. C 6. No Commissioner to act before he has taken the Oaths 1 W. & M. ff. 1. C 8. Act not to tax the Inhabitants of Scotland, Ireland, Jersey, or Guernsey. Papists, (s'c. not taking the Oaths, to pay double, 1 W. & M. ff. 1. C 8. Persons refusing to take the Oaths appointed by 1 W. & M. ff. r. C 8. to pay double. Commissioners to summon suspected Persons to take the Oaths. Quakers to subscribe the Declaration of Fidelity, 1 W. & M. ff. 1. C 18. Annuities to Prince George not chargeable. No superannuated Sea Officers, (seto pay. re fidentiaries not chargeable as enjoying Offices, (s'c. Clause of Loan at 5 percent. Money lent not to be taxed. Tallies of Loan, and Orders for Repayment, to be regillred and paid in Course. Orders for Payment assignable.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for punishing Officers or Soldiers who shall mutiny or desert her Majesty's Service in England or Ireland, and for punishing false Musters, and for better Payment of Quarters in England. Officers or Soldiers causing any Mutiny, or who shall desert, or be twice lifted, to suffer Death, &c. The Queen, &c. may giant Commissions to hold court-martial, not to consist of fewer than thirteen, &c. Officers, &c. not exempt from Process of Law. This Act not to extend to the Militia. An Oath to be taken by Officers of the court-martial. Penalty on making false Musters, &c. and on Commissary allowing the same. Commifi ary to give Notice before Muster to the Mayor, &c. Penalty on Person falsely mustered, &c. and on Person lending a Horse to be mustered. Penalty on Paymaster, &c. detaining officer's or soldier's Pay. Penalty on Officer mustering Servants, or by a wrong Name. During this Act, Constables, &c. may quarter Soldiers in Inns, &c. Penalty on Military Officer presuming to quarter Soldiers otherwise than allowed. Officer, &c. to pay for Provisions, &c. No de dudlions to be made out of Soldiers Pay except for Clothing, and 12d. in the Pound, and one day's Pay, &c. Act to be read at every Muster. Officer on Receipt of subsistence money for Regiment, &c. to give Notice thereof to innkeepers, &c. who shall give an Account of Debts owing, &c. Officer to pay the same. All Clothes, Arms, (sc. shall be bought in England, and not elsewhere, Muster Rolls to be closed on the Place of Muster; and one of them returned to the Paymaster of the Army. Justices to issue out Warrants for providing Carriages for the Forces in their Marches, &c. Rates to be paid for Carriages, &c. Penalty on Military Officer, &c. forcing Wagon to travel more than one day's Journey, &c. No officer's or soldier's Wise, Children, (seto be quartered without Consent. Penalties on Officer or Soldier destroying the Game, &c. Penalty on Persons concealing Deserters, or buying any Anns, Clothes, &c. Inhabitants of Epsom, C not liable to quarter Soldiers, &c. Officer or Soldier corresponding with any Rebel or the queen's Enemy, &c. guilty of High Treason, Or Ihallcause any Mutiny in the Army, or disobey superior Officer, &c. or strike or draw upon him, &c. guilty of Felony, &c. Treasons and Felonies, &c. committed, may be tried in the King's Bench, &c. This Act not to abridge the Queen of making Articles of War, &c. Queen may grant a commission

R 2 ft r

I Anna?, tat. T C 12.

C Anna?, flat. e«' C 1.

EXP.

31 Car. z. «. U

124 C 17. Anno primo anne Reginae. Stat. 2. a.d.i'joi,

for holding a court-martial in England, &rc. for trying Offences committed out of the Realm, dsft. Officer or Soldier defcrting beyond Sea, and escaping into England, C may be sent back to his Regiment, C and there tried. No Person to be tried twice for the same Offence. No Attainder for Felony to corrupt the Blood of Heir, (Jc. Persons indicted of Treason, C to have the Benefit of the Act 7 W. 3. C 3. Marine Regiments and Trains of Artillery subject to the Penalties of this Act, cs'e. Debts owing for Quarters by the Invalids of Chefea, shall be paid. Felons, C convicted, may be delivered out of Prison, on view of a Warrant under the queen's Sign Manual for for a Pardon, C Pardon to be enrolled. So much as relates to Mutineers, Oct. to extend to the Forces in Ireland.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for enlarging the Time fer taking the Oath of Abjuration; and also for recapacitating and indemnifying such Persons as have not taken the same by the Time limited, and shall take the same by a Time to be appointed; and for the further Security of her Majesty's Person, and the Succefnon of the Crown in the Protestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors.

33 W. C 6. t WJ WHEREAS by an Act trade in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Will mam the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Security of his Majesty's Person, and the Successort of the Crown in the Potestant Line; and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince ofwales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; and by one other Act made in the first Year of the 1 Anns, {(.«. 1. ' Reign of her present Majesty, declaring the Alterations of the Oath in the said recited Act contained, C as. ' several of her laid majesty's Subjects are obliged to take and subscribe the Oath therein mentioned, by

1 certain i imes limited and appointed in the said first recited Act, who have, through Ignorance or Mif ' take, or by the not duly holding the Courts where the same ought to have been taken, or for some other suchlike Reasons, omitted or neglected to take and subscribe the said Oath, and are thereby fub jedl and liable to the Disabilities, Incapacities, and Penalties in the said Acts contained; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the Persons who same. That if any Person or Persons who ought to have taken and subscribed the said Oath, with the Al

imgnt to have terations in the said last mentioned Act contained, in the Manner, at the Places, and by the Times in the

dr ft recited Act limited, shall, on or before the first Day of August which shall be in the Year of our the same by Lord one thculand seven hundred and three, take and subscribe the said Oath, so altered as aforesaid, in

1 Aug. 1703. such Manner, and at such pjaces, as in and by the said several Acts is prescribed, such Person and Per

anfl leinjcmn'i Ions is., are, and shall be (for such Neglect or Omissioir only) by this Act indemnified from and against all the Penalties, Forfeitures, Incapacities, and Disabilities incurred by such Mistake, Neglect, or Omif

fied,

and recapacita xcd, C

fion, and is, are, and shall be fully and actually recapacitated and restored to the same State and Condition, to all Intents and Purposes, as. if such Person or Persons had taken and subscribed the said Oath, in such Manner, at such Places, and within such Times as by the said several Acts is prescribed, and no such Millake, Neglect, or Omission had been made; anything in the said several Acts to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That no Person or Persons, who by reason of any such Millake, Neglect, or o million, hath or have left or forfeited any Office, Benefice, Place, Dignity, or Employment whatsoever, to which any other Person or Persons hath or have been preferred or promoted, shall be restored to such Office, Benefice, Place, Dignity, or Employment; anything herein contained to the contrary not V ithstanding.

III. And for the further Security of her Majesty's Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant

Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and two, flrall endea

Su'ciefler to the vcur to deprive or hinder any Person who shall be the next in Succession to the Crown for the Time be crosvn from fuc ing, according to the Limitations in an Act, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Sub ceeding, accord jef, and settling the Succession of the Crown; and according to one other Act, intituled, An Act for the far

W & m V - 1 fr Limitation of the Crown, and better feeuring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, from succeeding after the Decease of her Majesty (whom God long preserve) to the Imperial Crown of this Realm, and the Dominions and Territories thereunto belonging, according to the Limitations in the before mentioned Acts; that is to say. Such Issue of her Majesty's Body as shall, from Time to Time, be next in Succession to the Crown, if it shall please God Almighty to bless her Majesty with issue; and during the Time her Majesty shall have no Blue, the Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover; and after the Deceas? of the said Princess Sophia, the next in Succession to the Crown for the Time being, according to the Limitation of the said Acts; and the same maliciously, advisedly, and directly shall attempt by any Overt actor Deed; every such Offence shall be adjudged High Treason, and the Offender or Offenders therein, their Abettors, Procurers, and Comforters, knowing the said Offence to be done, being thereof convicted or attainted, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, shall be deemed and adjuged Traitors, and shall fuller Pains of Death, and all Losses and Forfeitures, as in Cases of High Treason,

Except to Office to which another hath been preferred.

Any Person endeavouring to hinder the next

C 2.

13 & 13 W. 3.

C 2,

shall be deemed guilty of High Treason,

and suffer death, CIV

And

A.D. 1701. Anno primo anne Regina;. Stat. 2. C 17. 125

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons that A Persons in shall bear any Office or Offices, Military or Civil, or shall receive any Pay, Salary, Fee., or Wages, by, n.

reason of any Patent or Grant, from her Majesty, or any of her Majesty's predecessors, or shall have Com thvoathj!*6 mand or Place of Trust from or under her Majesty, or from any of her Majesty's Predecessors, or by her or their Authority, or by Authority derived from her or them, within the Real in of Ireland, and all ec clefiastical Persons, and Master, Governor, Head or Fellow of the College or University of Dublin, and all Persons teaching Pupils in the said University or elsewhere, and all school rnafters and Ufners, and all Preachers and Teachers of separate Congregations, and every Person that shall act as a Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Barrister, Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, Prodtor, Clerk, or Notary, pradti iing in any Manner as such in any Court or Courts whatsoever, who shall inhabit, be, or reside within the City of Dublin, or within thirty Miles of the same, on the first Day of Easter Term, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, or at any Time during the said Term, any of the shall personally appear before the End of the said Term, or in Trinity Term then next following, in her Courts there, majesty's High Court of Chancery in that Kingdom, or in her Majesty's Court of queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer there; and mail then in public and open Court, between the Flours of nine of the Clock and twelve in the Forenoon, take the Oath according to the Alterations thereof in the said two first mentioned Acts contained, unto which Oath so taken, every such Person so taking the same, shall subscribe his Name, or make his Mark, and during the Time of taking such Oath, all Pleas and Pro and subscribehh ceedings in the said respective Courts shall cease; and all and every the said respective Persons not having Name taken the said Oath, and subscribed the same as aforesaid, shall on or before the first Day of Augustin the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, at the General Quarter sessions for the County, orarthequar barony, or Place in the said Kingdom of Ireland, where he or they fhntl be, inhabit or reside, on the t'r'scii lons' twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, take the said Oath in open Court, between the said Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, and subscribe his Name or make his Mark under the same.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons that All Persons that shall be admitted, entered, placed, or taken into any Office or Offices, Civil or Military, or shall receive shall beadmitted any Pay, Salary, See, or Wages, by reason of any Patent or Grant from her Majesty, or shall have jnt0 office command or Place of Trust from or under her Majesty, or by her Authority, or by Authority derived lnj7la/ld}t °. from her, within the said Realm of Ireland, after the first Day of Easter Term aforesaid, shall take and oath, C*the said Oath, at the same Time that he or they shall take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration required and appointed to be taken, made, and subscribed, by an Act made in the third

Year of the Reign of their late Majesties, King wiii.i am and Queen Mary, 'entitled. An Act for the 3wf&m. CI

abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and appointing other Oaths; and all Ecclesiastical Persons, every.j.nd4p^cclelly'

Malter, Governor, Head, or Fellow of the College or University of Dublin, and all Persons teaching Pu praflifers of the

pils in the said University or elfwhere, and all Schoolmasters or Ushers, and all Preachers and Teachers Law, cof

separate Congregations, and every Person who shall act as Sergeant at Law, Counsellor at Law, Bsr

rifter. Advocate, Attorney, Solicitor, 'Proctor, Clerk, or.notary, by practising in any Manner as such,

in any Court or Courts whatsoever, who shall, at any Time after the first Day of Easter Term aforesaid,

be admitted unto or enter upon any of the before mentioned Preferments, Benefices, Offices, or Places,

or shall come into any such Capacity, or shall take upon him or them any such Practice, Employment,

or Business as aforesaid, hall, after he or they shall be admitted into or enter upon any such Preferment,

Eenefice, Office, or Place, or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, employment or Business as aforesaid, take and subscribe the said Oath in the next Term, in one of the said Courts, or at the next General Quarter sessions for the County, Barony, or Place in the said Kingdom where he or they shall reside, after he or they shall be admitted into or enter upon any such Preferment,

Benefice, Office, or Place, or come into such Capacity, or take upon him or them such Practice, employment, or Business as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Person and Persons aforesaid, that do or shall Penalties on neglect or refuse to take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto in the said Courts and Places, and at the Persons neglect respective Times aforesaid, shall incur, be subject and liable unto the Forfeitures, Penalties, and Disabi ine> &c' litics in the said first mentioned Act expressed, for the Neglect or Refusal of the same, by any such Person or Persons in the Kingdom of England.

VII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to any Person that now is, or at any Persons in Eng

Time hereafter shall be, in England, who by Virtue of this Act ought to take the said Oath, and fub land, or bcjoundi feribe thereunto in England, according to the said two first mentioned Acts, nor to any Person now be afar

yond the Seas, out of England and Ireland, or in her Majesty's Service on board the Fleet, so as such Per Return.* Ion do the next Term, or the next General Quarter sessions for the County, Barony, or Place where he shall reside, after his Return into Ireland, take the said Oath, and subscribe thereunto according to the Appointment of this Act.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Coiirts afore Courts to simi said, to give and administer the Oath aforesaid, to the said Person and Persons, and, upon due Tender of nifter the Oath, any Person or Persons to take the said Oath, the said Courts are hereby required and enjoined to administer

the same; of the taking and subscribing whereof the like Register shall be kept, as by an Act made in How reeissr the five and twentieth Year of King Charles the second, was directed to be kept of the subscribing the shall be ieegr. Declaration therein mentioned.

IX. Pro

26 C i 8.

Anno primo Ann Reginae. Slat. 2. A.D. 1701.

Person by Neg

IX. Provided always, That any Person, who by any Neglect or Refusal, according to this Add, shall - or forfeit any Office, may be capable of a new Grant of the said Office, or of any other, and shall hap amc oft have ant hold the same again, such Person taking the said Oath, and subscribing thereunto, in such man new Grant, &c. nh as aforesaid, f'o as such Office be not granted to, or actually enjoyed by, some other Person at the Time of the re granting thereof.

No Peer of Ire X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth hnd to sit in the Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, no Person that now is, or shall be hereafter, a Peer House of Pccts; of the Realm of Ireland, or Member of the House of Peers there, shall vote or make his Proxy in the said House of Peers, or sit there daring any Debate in the said House; any Person after the far'd five and IU» Member Of twentieth Day of March, who shall be elected a Member of the House of Commons in that Kingdom, Commonscapa capable to vote in the said House, or sit there during any Debate in the same, after their Speaker

Act not to extend to the Office of any Con ihble, C

explained and, tamended by 13 g co. z, C S

Penalty on Persons employed in the Woollen or Linen manu {'aftures, &c. and imbe2iling the same

The like on Persons buying, &c. such Goods iii he^'led.

Labourers and Workmen to be paid in Money.

All Wool! to be wrought shall be delivered out by Weighty penally.

Realm of Ireland, or Member of the House of Commons there, shall, after the said five and twentieth Day of March presume to vote or make his Proxy, not having taken the said Oath, and subscribed the same as aforesaid. every such Peer and Member shall from thenceforth incur, be subjedd, and liable unto the Forfeitures, Penalties, and Disabilities in the said firid mentioned Add exp relied, touching Peers in Parliament, and Members in the House of Commons in England.

XII. Provided always, That this Add or anything therein contained shall not extend to the Office of any High Constable, Petty Constable, Tythingman, Headborough, Overseer of the Poor, Churchwar -- dens, Surveyors of the Highways, or any like inferior Civil Officer in the said Kingdom of Ireland, or to any Office of Forester, or Keeper of any Park, Chase, Warren, or Game, or Bailiff of any Manor or Lands, nor to any like private Offices, nor to any Person or Persons having only any the before mentioned or the like Offices in the said Kingdom.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom.

C ttthere as many Frauds are daily committed by Persons employed in the working up of the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures within this Kingdom, by imbezil ing and purloining of the Materials with which they are intrulded, to the great Prejudice of Trade and commerce be it therefore enacted by the queen's mould Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and three, if any Person or Persons employed in the working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, or Iron Manufactures within this Kingdom, shall imbezil or purloin any Wests, Thrums, or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of Wool, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, or Iron, with which he, she, or they is or shall be entrusted to work upon, or shall reel short or false Yarn, being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witnesses, or by the Confession of the Party or Parties accused of the same, before one Justice of the Peace of the said County where such Offence Inal] be committed, shall forfeit double the Value of the Damages done, for the Use of the Poor of the said Parish: in case the Offender or Offenders so convidded as aforesaid, shall negledd or refuse to pay their Forfeiture or Forfeitures as aforesaid, that then it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice to cause the said Offender to be committed to the House of Correction, until Satisfaction shall be made: And in case it shall appear to the said Justice, that the said Offender is not able to make Satisfaction, then the said Offender shall be there publicly whipped, and kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding fourteen Days.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons buying or receiving any Wests, Thrums, or Ends of Yarn, or any other Materials of Wool, Hemp, Flax, Cotton, or Iron, and being thereof lawfully convidded, in Manner as aforesaid, shall suffer the like Penalties and Forfeitures, as one convidded, pursuant to this Add, for purloining and imbeziling of the said Materials.

III. And to prevent the Oppression of the Labourers and Workmen employed in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufacture, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Payments and Satisfactions hereafter to be made to any of the same Labourers and Workmen, for any Work by them done in the same Manufacture, shall be by the lawful Coin of this Realm, and not by any Cloth, vidi.uals, or Commodities, in lieu thereof: And all Wool delivered out to be wrought up, shall be so delivered, with Declaration of the true Weight thereof, on Pain that every Offender, in either of the said Cases, shall forfeit and pay to such Labourer or Worker, double she Value of what shall be due for such Work by him, her, or them done; and if any such Labourer or Worker shall be guilty of any such Fraud or Default in the Work by him, her, or them done, then such Labourer or Worker shall allow and answer to the Owner of such Work double the Damages thereby sustained,

3 IV. And

A.D. 1702. Anno primo anne Regina;. Stat. 2. C 19 — 22. 127

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Wages, Demands, Frauds, and trow Wages, Defaults of Labourers in the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures, for or con Frauds, cof cerning any Work done in the same Manufactures, shall and may be heard and determined by any two Labourers may Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town Corporate, where the Matter in t, ^rcjian Controversy ariseth, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath concerning the same: Put in case any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any Judgement or Order of the said Party aggrieved Justices, it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal against the Judgement and Order of the may appeal, laid two Justices, to the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, which shall be held For the same County, Riding, Division, City, or Town Corporate, next after Notice of such Order of the said two Justices; the Justices of the Peace in the said General Quarter sessions, are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath, and to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Appeal; and in case the same Justices, in the said General Quarter sessions, shall give

teent against such Appellant, then the same Justices shall award and order to the Party, on whose the same Appeal is determined, such reasonable Costs and Charges to be paid by such Appellant, in regard of such Appeal, as to the same Justices shall seem meet.

V. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall continue for the Space of three AA to contiure Years, to be commenced from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundredfor Year, > and three, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. [Made 13 Geo. 2. c. 8. perpetual by9 Anna?, cap. 30.j _ aw.&m.ff.z.

CAP. XIX 4&5w. & M.

An Act for taking, examining, and Eating the public Accounts of the Kingdom. Commissioners C II names for taking the Accounts of the public Revenue. Commissioners to take Account of all Mo 5 & 6

nies granted to the Crown from 5 Nov. 1688. No Money to be paid to the Colonels, be. of the g'&y'w. z. c. 9. Dutch Forces, till Jacob Vanderefche pass his Accounts. EXP. 7 & gw. C 8.

3 Annse, flat, i

CAP. XX C W M. C 6.

An Act for reviving and continuing the late Acts for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and t w. 3. C 8. determine the Debts due to the Army, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes, 3 W. 3. C r. taken during the late War. Whatever Commissioners determine to be due to each Commission Officer, be. they shall certify the same to the Paymaster of the Forces, be. And transmit a List of Debentures to the Irish Trustees. Colonels, Agents, be, to exhibit the Accounts of Regiments, ga rifons, be. not made up. Debentures to be made out for the Debt due to Owners of Foreign Transport Ships, be. Pay due to Regiments who served in Ireland, C to be settled. Commissioners of Prizes to make up their Accounts. Debentures to be delivered to the Earl of Ranelagh, late Paymaster of the Forces. Debts due to John Bingham and Katharine Dunbar, by. to be stated.

EXP.

CAP. XXI

PR.

An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates a Ireland, and for veiling such as remain un 1IA'^D'J at sold by the present Trustees, in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such Uses, as the same

were before vested in the said Trustees.; and for the more effectual selling and setting the said Estates lanns.ta.i. to Protestants; for explaining several Acts relating to the Lord Bophin, and Sir Redmond Everard. C 41. 'aprivate Trustees to apportion quit rents, bf. Apportionments to be enrolled in the Exchequer in Ireland, Act '

Sec. Manors, Lands, by. vested in the Trustees, and not sold by 24 June 1703. and all Judgments,

Statutes, be. shall be vested in the Queen, by. After 24 June 1703. all Powers, be. given to the Trustees to cease, and all Deeds, Writings, be. concerning the forfeited Estates, to be delivered up. After 24 "rune. Rents of the forfeited Estates to be levied in the queen's Name, by. and paid into the Exchequer in Irelandscc. All Sales, Mortgages, by. of Estates forfeited or restored, to be only to Protestants. The Persons disabled by 1 Annas, seat. 1. C 32. incapable of holding the said Lands, b. c. Purchasermoney shall be paid into the Exchequer in Ireland. Time allowed Trustees for conveying Estates sold, by. Leases, rejeafes of such Lands, be. made intrust for any Papist, be. void. Person claiming Benefit of such Bargain, be. subject to Penalties, be. and Money given in Confederation thereof recoverable. On Payment of z, oooo /. to the Trustees, be. all the Manors,

Castles, Lands, be. of Sir john Everard, deceased, shall be vested in the Duchess of Devonshire, &c.

Subject to the Trusts, be. in the Act. Trustees to raise 23, 000l. by Sale of the Lord bophin's Estate, and pay the same into the Exchequer in Ireland.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon tamped Vellum, Parchment,

and Paper.

'"£7 OR Preventi n of several Frauds, whereby her Majesty's Duties, by the several Acts of Parlia pgfiotf. 3,

x1 ment in that Behalf made, imposed on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, have been very f. 25,

much leftcned; ' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and \ Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and

by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of Penalty cr, Clerk,

C neglecting to enter cr file any Afiion, ft;, rat, V 19.490. Burn, 2. 454.

eur

128

Or enter any Tub sequent Proceeding, C'Explained by 5 Anns, C 19,

29.'

Such Record to be no Evidence of the Time.

[Proviso.]

Penalty on in, gressing on any Vellum, &c. whereon Writ, C was before written, see.

or eraeng or, feraping the same,

or tearing off any Mark, see, Enforced by £Geo. i. C 21.

§ 51'

What other Penalties Offender ilxall incur.

No Penalty, C for Things written in a Book Roll, CC

22. Anno primo Ann, Reginae. Slat. 2. A.D. 1702.

our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, if any Clerk, Officer, Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person (to whom it shall appertain, or who shall be employed or intruded to enter or file any Action, Plaint, Bail, Appearance, Admission, or other Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Duty shall be payable by Virtue of the Paid Acts, or any of them) hall neglect to enter, file, or record the same, as by Law the same ought to be entered, filed, or recorded, within the Space of four Months after such Clerk, Officer, Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person, shall have received any Money, for or in respect of the Entry, Filing, or Recording any such Action, Plaint, Bail, Appearance, admission, or other Matter or Thing, or shall have promised or undertaken to enter, file, or record the same, or hall neglect to enter, file, or record any such Action, Plaint, Bail, Appearance, or other Matter or Thing, before any subsequent, further, or other Proceeding, Matter or Thing, in, 'upon, or relating to the same, shall be had, entered, filed, or recorded, or if any Clerk, Officer, Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person or Persons, shall, alter the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, tra ifadl, enter, record, or file any such further or other Proceeding, Matter, or Thing, subsequent, and relating to such Action, Plaint, Bail, or Appearance, before the same shall have been duly entered, filed, or recorded, that then every such Clerk, Officer, Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person so neglecting or offending, shall, for every such Offence or Neglect, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, with full Costs of Suit; and further. That no such Record or Entry, as aforesaid, shall (in or upon any Suit or prosecution to be commenced or brought again! any such Clerk, Officer, Attorney, Solicitor, or other Person for any Offence again! this Act) be of itself any concluding Evidence of the Time that the same was made, written, entered, or filed, or supposed to be, but in such Suit, or upon such Prosecution, Proof shall be admitted to be made of the Time that the same was actually made, written, entered, or filed: Provided, That nothing in this a.dl contained, shall extend, or be confcrued to extend, to oblige or compel any Clerk', Officer, or other Person, to enter or file any Appearance where any Judgement is entered by Confession; thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat if any Person or Persons, at any Time after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, flail Waite or in gross, or cause to be written or ingrossed, either the whole or any part of any Writ, Mandate, Eond, Affidavit, or other Writing, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, in respect whereof any Duty is payable by the said Acts, or any of them, on the whole or any part of any Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereon there shall have been before written any other Writ, Bond, Mandate, Affidavit, or other Matter or Thing, in respect whereof any Duty was payable by the said Acts, or any of them, before such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper shall have been again marked cr stamped according to the said Acts, or shall fraudulently erase or scrape out, or cause to be erased or feraped out, the Name or Names of any Person or Persons, or any Sum, Date, or other Thing written in such Writ, Mandate, Affidavit, Bond, or other Writing, Matter, or Thing, as aforesaid, or fraudulently cut, tear, or get off any Mark or Stamp from any Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, or any Part thereof, with Intent to use such Stamp or Mark for any other Writing, Matter, or Thing, in respect. whereof any Duty shall be payable by virtue of the said Acts, or any of them, that then so often, and in every such Case, every Person so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, with full Colls of Suit.

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall (in or upon any Suit or Information which shall be commenced or brought upon or in pursuance of this Act) be convicted of any the Neglects or Offences herein before mentioned, lhr.ll likewise incur all other Forfeitures and Disabilities which such Offender should or would have incurred, if he had been convicted of writing contrary to the said Acts, or any of them, the Entry of any Plaint or Action, or any Writ, Bond, or other Writing, Matter, or Thing on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped according to the said Acts, nor having any Stamp or Mark thereon resembling any of the Marks or Stamps in the said Acts or any of them mentioned.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer shall be subject to any the Penalties, 1 orfeitures, Disabilities, or Incapacities in this or any of the said former

Acts mentioned, for writing cr causing to be written any of the Matters or Things aforesaid, in any Book or Roll without any Marks or Stamps thereon, which shall have been first shown to and signed by the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to put the said Acts in Execution, or any three or more of them, or some Officer or Officers by them, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose authorised and empowered, to signify his or their Leave of Approbation, that the Matters and Things to be written in such Book or Roll, may be therein written without any Marks or Stamps thereon, so as the Person or Persons, having the Custody of such Book or Roll, do from Time to Time (when and as often as he or they shall be thereto required) permit the said Commissioners, or any of them, or any Officer or Agent by them, or the major Part of them, for that Purpose appointed, to inspect and view such Book or Roll, and do also ( from Time to Time, when and as often as he or they hall be thereto required by the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or any other by them or the major Part of them authorised)pay unto the receiver-general for the Time being of the said Duties, or such other Officer or Personas the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall appoint to receive the same, all such Sum and Sums of Money which, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, or any of them, ought ro be paid, in respect of all and every such Matters and Things as shall be written in such Book or Roll; anything herein or in any of the said former Acts contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

'V, An

A.D. 1702. Anno piimo Annje Reginae. Stat. 2. C 22. 129

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Writings, Matters, and Things (in allwmings.&c. respet whereof any of the said Duties shall be payable, and which shall be ingrossed or written, after the to be written ei. said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three) Urall be written in such°rt"^r Manner, that some Part thereof shall be either upon, or as near as conveniently may be to the Stamps or tac tarrf!> '* Marks, which shall (in pursuance of the said Acts, or any of them) be placed on the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereupon the same shall be written or ingrossed, upon Pain that the Person who shall Penalty, write or ingross or cause to be written or ingrossed, any such Writing, Matter, or Thing, contrary to

the Tenor and true Meaning hereof, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, with full Costs of Suit.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the one Moiety of all the pecu Penal; howto niary Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties herein before mentioned, shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and be dll?ofc(1 of successors, and the other Moiety, with full Costs of Suit, shall be to any Person or Persons who shall inform and Ate for the same, or any of them, in any Court of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

1 VII. And whereas some Doubts have arisen touching the Allowances, which, by Virtue of the said former Acts, ought to be made for present Payment of the said Duties Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven Allowance m hundred and two, there shall be allowed and paid to every Person, who shall at any one Time bring to gfeq^j'aym nt be stamped, or buy of the said Commissioners Paper or Parchment, the Duties whereof shall amount to u'c "ten Pounds or upward, after the Rate of six Pounds in the hundred Pounds per Annum, for six Months, upon the present Payment of the said Duties, at the head Office in London or Westminster, and not otherwise, nor any other Allowance; anything in the said former Acts contained to the contrary rnotwithstanding.

VIII. And to the end the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and all Matters incident thereunto, maybe fully and duly answered and accounted for, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Comptroller and Accountant General of the said Duties, for the Time being, shall Comptroller of annually pass a general Account in the Court of Exchequer, of the gross Produce of all the said Duties: la anannuai In which Account there shall be charged all the Moneys becoming due to her Majesty, her Heirs or Sue accoumotthe cefiors, for all the Stamps or Marks, which shall be impressed or put upon any Vellum, Parchment, or gross Produce Paper, distinguishing those for which ready Money is or shall be paid at the Head Office for the said Du thereof, C ties in London, from those which shall be delivered over to be otherwise sold or distributed, and all the Account howto Moneys which shall arise to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for Penalties relating to the said Duties, C ma and all the Moneys which shall be paid by the Registers of either of the two Universities, or by any Officers of, the Law, or others, for Entries made in Books, where the Duty ought to be paid for every Entry

therein, and all the Moneyed arising for Vellum, Parchment and Paper, 'which shall be delivered out by the Commissioners of the said Duties, or by their Order, for the better accommodating her Majesty's Subjects,

so that the Profits arising thereby, and the Kinds and Quantities so delivered out, may plainly appear

in every such Account; and all the Moneys which shall be secured by any Bonds taken for the said

Duties, or any Part thereof, and all other Moneys, Matters, and Things whatsoever, which ought to be charged in a general or gross Account, for the said Duties, within the Time for which every such annual

Account ought to be made; and in the Discharge of every such general Account, there shall be compre What shall be

hended all the Moneys which shall appear to have been duly paid or answered by the receiver-general of comprehended

the said Duties, within the Time of every such Account, and all other Salaries and incident Charges Ac

which shall be duly allowed in or for the Management of the said Revenues, and all the Discounts for count(c

prompt Payments, which shall be duly made out of the said Duties, and all the Moneys which shall be

actually paid for Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, bought or provided by the said Commissioners or their

Order, for accommodating her Majesty's Subjects, so that the Kinds and Quantities of all the Vellum,

Parchment and Paper so provided, may also plainly appear in every such Account, and all other Matters and Things, which by the Course of the Exchequer ought to be discharged in an Account of this Nature.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Debts and Arrears of the said Duties, which at the End Debts and ar of every Inch Account ought to be charged upon any Receivers, Distributors or others, hall he duly set pars to let inftper, upon the several Persons chargeable therewith, to the End the same may be recovered by the or inl mper* dmary Process of the said Court, unless the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the

Time being, shall see Cause to stay the said Process, against the said Persons, or any of them, for giving them Time to pay or answer such Debts or Arrears, or any of them, and to be discharged thereof in any subsequent Account of such Comptroller and Accountant General, according to the due Course of the said Court.

X. And it is hereby also enacted, That the Stbcks of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, stamped or un Stocks of Vel.

stamped, which at the End of every such Account ought to remain in her Majesty's Warehouses, or ftr, rnpc

elfwhere, shall also be set down and expressed at the Foot of every such Account; and that the first of "tj" ^' "the said general and annual Accounts shall be for the Year to end on the first Day of August one the foot offmh thousand seven hundred and three, and hall be delivered by the said Comptroller and Accountant Ge Account, nera! to the Auditors of her Majesty's Imprefts and other Accounts, before the five end twentieth Day wtlen annual of December one thousand seven hundred and three, and shall be sworn to by him to the best of his Know accounts ^lll ledge, and be followed and prosecuted by him in such Manner, that the same shall not, by his Northeast terminate' gligence or Default, remain unfinished in the Court of Exchequer, beyond the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and four; and that every subsequent annual Account shall in like Manner terminate -

13° C 23, 24. Anno primo Anna Reginae. Stat. 2. A.D. 1702.

on the first Day of August, and be delivered to the said Auditors, or one of them, before the five and twentieth Day of December, and prosecuted, so that the same may be finished before the first Day of May Penalty. yearly, during the Continuance of the said Duties, under the Penalty of forfeiting his Office, and the Sum of one hundred Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same, to be recovered in Manner aforesaid.

Penalty on rexi. Provided always, That if any such Comptroller and Accountant General hall wilfully and know tnmingrcceiver, ingly return any Receiver, Distributor, or other Person, insuper, for any Moneys or Stamps duly answer moniest^id ec Pa'^' or accounted for by such Receiver, Distributor, or other Person respectively, whereby he or fiirprla'/f they sustain any Damage or Prejudice; then and in every such Case, such Comptroller and accoun om mzmnw' tant General shall be liable to answer and pay treble Damages to the Party grieved, to be recovered by si.uvp Dunes, Action of the Case, in any her Majesty's Courts of Record at tvijlmhfler, with full Costs of Suit, in e^/jnn. C 12.§. 9, which Action no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or mere than one Imparlance shall be granted or 5 Ann. C 19. allowed.

9 Ann. C z3.

10 Ann. C 19 26. iz Ann. Jl. i. C z, iz Ann. /?. z. C 9. 1 Geo. T. Jl. z. C Tz. 5 Geo. J. C 19. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4 & zi. ncco.i. c.s. jzff«, i,

r. 33, 9id. z. C jz. 16 Geo. 2. C z6. 29 Geo. 2. C iz & 13. 30 Geo. 2. r. 19. and 32 Geo. 2. C 55.

CAP. XXIII.

& 14 Car. z, An act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year one thousand seven hundred and three, notwithstanding the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid. If it be necessary, Queen may draw

out the Militia any Time before 24 June 1704. notwithstanding the month's Pay be not repaid.

EXP.

Claufrs in 10 & zi W. 3. C 12-

11.

a1

10 & 11 W. 3. 0. iz.

lw.&m, flv 3. C S,

made perpetual.

Trophy Money

jfarther proviji oks relating hereto, I Geo. 1. jl. 2. C 14.

9 Geo. 1. C S.

7 Geo. 2. c. 23. 30 Geo. 2. c. 25.

N D whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning one Clause in one other Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia

for the Year one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, altho the month's Say formerly advanced le not repaid, re lating to such Persons as are Contributors to the finding of Horses, Horseinen, and Arms, and Foot Soldiers and Arms Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause was intended to be, and shall he deemed and taken to be perpetual.

III. And whereas by Virtue of a Clause contained in the said Act made in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand six hundred r.inety nine, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid, the Lieute nant or Lieutenants, or in their Absence three or more of the Deputy Lieutenants for such County, ' Riding, Division, or Place where the Estates of Papists and reputed Papists, or other Persons refusing to take the Oaths mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of kingwilliam and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths, when lawfully tendred to them, shall or do lie, are impo.vered to nominate and appoint such Person or Persons as they shall think most meet and proper to furnish.or set forth one or more Horses, Horsemen, ' and Arms, or Foot Soldiers and Arms, for the same Estates, and are empowered to charge the said with the Payment of the yearly Sums therein mentioned, to such Person and Persons as shall furnish and set forth the same, with such Remedies for the Recovery thereof, as are in the said Clause expressed: whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning the said Clause; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause in the said Act made in the tenth and' eleventh Years of the Reign of King William the Third, was intended to be, and shall be deemed and taken to be perpetual.

IV. And be it further enacted, That the said Lieutenants, or their. Deputies, shall not issue out Warrants for the raising any Trophy Money, till the Justices of the Peace, or the major part of such Justices, at their several and respective General Quarter sessions for their respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Places, shall have examined, bated, and allowed the Accounts of the said Money so raised, levied, and collected for the Year then next and immediately, preceding, and certified such Examination of, the f«ij Accounts, under the Hands and Seals of four or more such Justices.,

T.LLUU11LO, u'liuui lij V izuiluj anu uuaio Ul luui Ui

31 Geo. z, C 26, 32 Geo. 2. c. 20. 33 Geo. 2. c. 2. 22 24.

CAP. XXIV.

33 w. 3. C 1.. An Act to oblige edwardjvhitaker to account for such Sums of public Money as hath been received by"

"EXP.

Anno secundo & tertio A N N 7e Reginae.

AT the Parliament begun at jvefminfer the twentieth Day of August, Anno Dom. 1702. in the first' of the Reign of cur Sovereign Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of Enrlnnd, Scotland,

France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, C And from thence continued by several Proin though Record rogations and Adjournments to the ninth Day of November 1703,being the second Session of this it is 13 Apr. ' present Parliament.

3 Anns.' CAP. I.

EXP\. An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and, four. I

C 2, 3.

Anno secundo & tertio anne Reginre.

1 31

CAP. II.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, hv continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and

EXP.

Perry, for one A ear.

CAP. III.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective Terms or hftates as are therein mentioned.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

1 WT REA S by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of our late Sove ' \ V reign Lord King William the Third, of bleiled Memory, intituled, An Act for appropriati g 11 3' CL I'

tbr.r thousand seven hundred Pounds weekly, out of certain Branches of Excise, for public k Uses, and for making ' a Pravijion jr the Service of his Majesty's hioitjhcld and Family, ant other his necessary Cccasions, it was See 1 Geo. 1.

(among! other Things) enabled, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of December one thou stat

land seven hundred, for and during the Term of five Years from thence next chining, the full, clear, §

and entire weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, of lawful English Money, out of all the Moneys arising by the Hereditary Rates and Dufies of Excise upon Peer, Ale, and other Liquors,

which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth fear of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and iz Can's, C z

by the Duties of Excise payable during the Kid late King William's Life, and by every or any of them, if ail those Duties of Excise should so long continue; and if the said Duties of Excilc, payable during his said late majesty's Life, should happen to determine before the End of the said Term of five Years, then out of the Moneys arising entirely by the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, for and during all the Residue which ihoulu be then to come and unexpired of the said Term of five Years, should be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer by weekly Payments, and in such Manner and Form as in the said Act are particularly mentioned, for the Purposes in the said Act expressed: it is thereby further enacted, That in Lieu and Discharge of certain perpetual annual Payments, and of all Arrears thereof granted by his late Majesty King Charles the Second to the respective Patentees therein named, the said Hereditary Revenue of Excile should, from and after the twenty sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, be and stand charged for ever with the Payment of an nual Sums after the Rate of three Pounds per Cerium per Annum, to be paid as by the said Act is directed, C and subject to such Power of Redemption as in the said Act is expressed

II. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, Anna;, flat. 1. ' An Act for the better Support of her Majejlfs Eloujhold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, it is C 7.

(amongst ot.ier Things) enacted, That the Duties of Excise which had been granted to his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, 'during his Life, and afterwards to King William and Queen aiary, during their Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of them (except as therein is excepted) and a ' certain Duty upon Vinegar, shall be levied and paid to your Majesty, during your Life (which God

preserve) and the same, together with the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, are thereby subjected to the said weekly Payment of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, in the Manner therein mentioned, du ring the said Term of five Years; and it was thereby further declared, That from and after the Expiration

of the said Term of five Years, so much money as, together with the said Payments after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, should make up the Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds for every Week, during your majesty's Life, Should and n ight be taken out of the said Heredi tary Duties of Excise, and out of the said Duties of Excise granted for your majesty's Life, and either or any of them, and the said Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, being de drifted out of the Hereditary Part thereof, the Residue of the said three thousand seven hundred Pounds

a Week should be applied and disposed of, to and for the publick Use and Service, as by the fair) feve

ill Acts (Relation being thereunto respectively had) may more fully appear

111. Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, being desirous b the most easy Means that are possible to raise the Money which is necessary for carrying on the present War, and supplying your majesty's important Occasions, do cheerfully and unanimously grant unto your Majesty a further Aid to arise by Contributions for Annuities to be purchased in the Manner and Form herein after mentione 1; and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our am eranted from Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, the said full, clear, and entire weekly Sum of three thousand December seven hundred Pounds, out of all the Moneys arising by the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, and by the 17° 5* said Duties of Excise payable during her Majesty's Life, and by every and any of them, according to the Tenor and Direction of the Act ct Parliament a'^ove recited in that Behalf, and from and after her Majesty's Dcceaie, then the like full, clear, and entire weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds of lawful English Money, out of all the Moneys to arise by the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, and every or any of them, from Time to Time for ever, shall be brought and paid by the Commissioners,

Farmers, Receiver and Receivers General for the Time being of the said several Duties of Excise (who

S 2 are

*3

Moneys arising by the said of Excise to be kept apart, and paid weekly into the Exchequer.

Penalty on Nonpayment.

Comptroller of Excise to keep a d; ftin& Account of the Moneys; Penalty.

Moneys to be entered apart.

Annual Sums Jiuw to be paid.

Person may. advance 1, 018, 867 1. j 3 s. 6 d. for purchasing Annuities for 99 Years,

C 3. Anno secundo & tertio Anna; Reginas A.D. 1703.

are hereby required and enjoined to bring and pay the same accordingly) into the Receipt of the Exchequer distinctly and separately from all other Moneys whatsoever, that are or shall be payable by them into the said Receipt, the said weekly Sum or Payment of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, to be brought and paid into the said Receipt upon jdednefdny in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then upon the next Day that is not an Holiday, for the purposes in this Add expressed; in case in any Week or Weeks the whole Receipt of the Moneys of the said several Branches or Duties of Excise hereby chargr CD as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to answer the weekly Payment or Payments hereby directed for such particular Week or Weeks, that then and so often the Deficiency and Deficiencies thereof shall be supplied and made good out of the whole Receipt of the said particular Branches of Excise, and every or any of them, arising in the next Week or Weeks, when the Receipt or Receipts shall be sufficient to bear the same.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of Excise for the Time being, at their Head Office in Lindm, shall from Time to Time separate and keep apart all the

Moneys arising by the said particular Branches of Excise herein before mentioned, as the same shall from Time to Time arise or be paid into the said Office of Excise by the Receivers or Collectors of the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, and shall out of the Moneys so arising make the said weekly Payments into the Exchequer, for the Uses in this Add mentioned.

V. And be it further enacted, That if the said Commissioners of Excise for the Tims being shall refuse or negledd to pay or cause to be paid into the Exchequer the said weekly Sums hereby appointed, or shall divert or misapply any Part of the Moneys which should make good the same, then they and every of them so offending shall forfeit their several Offices and Places, and be incapable to serve the Queen, her H sirs or Successors, in any Office or Place of Trufd or Profit, and shall be liable for every such Offence to pay double che Value of the Money so diverted or n ifapplied, to any Person or Persons who will inform Or sue for the same, by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at ive/iminftetwherein no Essoin, Proteddion, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

VI. And be it enacted, That the Comptroller of the Excise for the Time being, shall keep a perfedd and distindd Account, in a Book or Books fairly written, of all the Moneys which shall arise by the said particular Branches of Excise, out of which the said weekly Payments are to be made as aforesaid, as the same shall from Time to Time arise or be raised (to which Books all Persons concerned shall at all reasonable Times have free Access, without Fee or Charge); and such Comptoller in Default thereof shall forfeit his Office or Place, and be rendered incapable as aforesaid, and shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of two hundred Pounds for every such Default, to any Person or Persons who will inform or sue for the same as is before mentioned.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer one Book, in which all the Moneys which ought to be paid in weekly as aforesaid, for or upon Account of the said weekly Sums out of the said particular Branches of Excise, and which shall be brought to the said Receipt, shall be entered apart and distindd from all other Moneys paid into the said Receipt on any other Account whatsoever.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That out of the Money of the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, arising in or by such weekly Payments at the Exchequer as aforesaid, the said annual Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, prescribed by the said Add, made in the Parliament held in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, shall be satisfied and paid according to the Directions therein contained, and subject to the Power of Redemption therein, mentioned; and also out of all the Moneys of the said several Branches of Excise, arising in or by the said' weekly Payments, the several Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Add, shall be paid and satisfied, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, for and during the then Residue and Remainder of the several and respective Terms, and Estates, which by Virtue of this Add shall be purchased of, and in such Annuities respectively; and that all the Rest and Residue of the Moneys arising by the said weekly Payments, and which at the End of every Year, reckoning the first Year to begin from the said five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, shall remain, after satisfying or referring sufficient to satisfy all the Payments which shall be then incurred or grown due, as well for and upon the said annual Sums' after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as also for and upon all the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Add, shall be applied and disposed of to and for the publickufe and Service, and not otherwise

_ And for the raising any Sum or or Sums of Money, not exceeding one Million eighteen thousand eight hundred sixty and seven Pounds eighteen Shilings and Sixpence; that is to say, nine hundred thousand Pounds thereof for carrying on the present War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, and one hundred and eighteen thousand eight hundred sixty and seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and Sixpence, Residue thereof, for making good the quarterly Payments herein after mentioned, to incur and grow due on and before the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners to contribute, advance and pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money for or towards the said Sum of one million eighteen thousand eight hundred sixty and seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and sixpence, for purchasing any Annuity or Annuities, to be satisfied as in this Act. is mentioned, for and during the full Term of ninety-nine

Years

A.D. 1703.

*33

Anno secundo & tertio anne Regina. C V

Years to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of cur Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, at the Rate of fifteen Years Purchase; Rate doth amount t > the Sum of at >; Year one hundred and fifty Pounds for every such Annuity of ten Pounds per Amaru, and proportionably for p, rciu, fe any greater Annuity: And the same Rate or consideration money is hereby appointed to be paid into the Repaid lnt0 said Receipt, at or before the respective Days and Times herein after mentioned, that is to say. One third Part thereof on oty before the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Aiay 17^ A four; one other third Part thereof on or before the four and twentieth Day of 'june in the said Year of aether third Pan our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four; and the remaining third Part thereof, on or before the 24 junei704, nine and twentieth Day of September in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four. smi, i, e "ll, cr

Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to be made at or for the Feast of the when to be paid. Nativity of Saint John Baptist in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four; which said ' py6geo. r. c. Annuities shall, for the first Year and three Quarters of a Year, of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, seicom aii be satisfied and paid out of the Moneys to be advanced in pursuance of this Act, whereof sufficient shall be mty taitc^n ihtf« reserved for that Purpose; and for all the Rest and Residue of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, the Annuities.' said Annuities, and every of them, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Moneys anting by the weekly Payments of Excise Money before mentioned.

X. And for the raising any further Sum and Surns of Money, not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the said War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, and also for raising such Moneys as shall be necessary to discharge the quarterly Payments, which during one Year and three Quarters of a Year, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four, shall or may grow due upon the other Annuities to be purchased, as is herein alter mentioned; it is hereby

further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or For raisirf a Persons, Natives or Foreigners, to contribute, advance, and pay into the said Receipt of her Majesty's further Suit, of Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times, and by such Proportions, 3oosooool. per as are before in this Act appointed for Payment of the Purchase Moneys for the Annuities first above men ^ife annuiti rs tinned, any Sum and Sums of Money for purchasing any Annuity or Annuities for one Life, at the Rate fr onejufevtv of nine Years Purchase, or for two Lives, at the Rate of eleven Years Purchase, or for three Lives, at rears Purchase, the Rate oc twelve Years Purchase, or for such a certain Term of ninety-nine Years, as aforesaid, at for two Lives at the Rate of fifteen Years Purchase, at the Election of such Purchasers respectively; said Rates do1 lfer amount to the Sum of ninety Pounds for an Annuity of ten Pounds per Annum for one Life, and to the Pur

Sum of one hundred and ten Pounds for an Annuity of ten Pounds per.annum for two Lives, and the Sum chase, or for 99-of one hundred and twenty Pounds for an Annuity of ten Pounds per Annum for three Lives, and to Years at^ycaro the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds for an Annuity of ten Pounds per Arnurn, for the certain Term Purchase. of ninety-nine Years before mentioned, and proportionably for any greater Annuities so to be purchased for such Estates or Interests respectively.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, That all the said Annuities so to be purchased for Life, Lives, or Years, Annuities to

at the Election of the Purchaser as aforesaid, shall likewise commence from the said five and twentieth corn.r", nce frorrs: Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, and shall be paid and pay a'ei7jid'

able at the said Receipt of Exchequer, at the four usual Feasts before mentioned, by even and equal Por quarterly the first Payment thereof to be also made at or for the said Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That II the quarterly Payments which shall How tie 9uar' or may incur or grow due for or upon the Annuities last mentioned, within the said Time of one

Year and three Quarters of a Year, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March /7^o2 dec. one thousand seven hundred and four, until and for the said five and twentieth Day of December one 1705./hall be thousand seven hundred and five, shall be satisfied and paid out of the Moneys to be advanced for pur paid; c. chasing the same Annuities upon this Act, whereof luftkient shall be reserved for that Purpose; and all quarterly Payments which shall incur and grow due for or upon the same Annuities Raft mentioned, and every of them, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven: hundred and five, during, the Continuance of the respective Terms and Estates so to be purchased therein, shall be paid and satisfied out of the Moneys arising by the weekly Payments' of Excise Money before' mentioned.

XIII. Provided always, That when the Contributions upon this Act shall amount in the whole When thereon' to one million two hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the said War, and her Majesty's tributions shall Occasions, and to so much more as shall or may be necessary to discharge all the said Annuities, amount to

i, j j >.100, 0001. V

hundred and hve incluhvely, o more shall be

until the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven

then no further Contributions shall be received, at the said Exchequer for purchasing Annuities upon received at the

this Act. Exchequer.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That where any Contributor shall advance Money, at the Contributor for respective Rate aforesaid, for an Estate for one Life, as aforesaid, every such Contributor, his Executors, oncllff jay Administrators, or Assigns, shall and may name to the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells, "he femeconti'i' for the Time being, or to either of them, the Life of the same Contributor, or any other Life (at his or or any her Election) during which, every such Contributor, or such as he or she shall appoint, his, her", or their ether who hall Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall be intituled to every such Annuity, according be intituled to to the true Meaning of this Act and that, where any Contributor shall advance Money at the respective f "cb Annmty.'> 1 Rate

1703.

34 C 3. Anno secundo Sc tertio Annas Regime. A.D.

Rate aforesaid, for an Estate for two Lives, every such Contributor, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns shall and may name to the said Auditor of the Receipt and Clerk of the Pells for the rl ime being, or either ol them, two perfor.s or Nominees (whereof himself or herself, if he or she thinks fit, may be one) during whose Lives, and the Life of the Survivor of tl

Contributor ad wincing for two Lives, may name two Nominees, C

and for three Lives three Nominees, &c.

Lives to be named by the Conti ibu tors, by 1 May 1704.

Contributors Nhmes, C to be entered in 1 he Of

_ __ _ every such Contributor, or such as he:

or (lie shall appoint, h; s, her or their Execytors, Administrators, and Alhgns respectively, hail he intituled to every such Annuity, according to the true Meaning of this Act; and that where any Contributor shall advance Money at the respective Rate aforesaid, for an Estate for three Lives, every such Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall and may name to the said Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells, for the Time being, or either of them, three Persons or Nominees: (whereof himself or herself, if he or flic think fit, may be one) during the Lives of which Nominees, and of the Survivors and Survivor of them, every such Contributor, or such as he or she shall apoint, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall be intituled to every such Annuity, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That all the said Lives hall be named by the Executors or Administrators, or such as shall be employed by them to moneys, on or before the said first: Day of May in the Year of our Lord dred and four.

XV. L And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the said Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk f the Pells severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books; in which shall be fairly en

several Contributors, their, pay in the said purchase one thousand seven hun'

fices of the Au tred the Names of all who shall be Contributors, and of ail Persons by whose Hands the said Contri

Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, fr 'fort, and to inspect the same without See Lives, or Years, as the said Nominees

om Time to Time, and at all seasonabis Times, to have re or Reward; and as well the said several Contributors for Life, for Life or Lives, shall be described in the said Books by their Christian and Surnames, Additions, and Places of Abode, and other Descriptions which shall befb afeer tain the Persons.

Contributors

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and con cfc3fe smone to" tr butors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money after the respective Rates afore -- ciijoy the Annui firid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act before limited in that Behalf, for any Annuity tiesio purchased, or Annuities for such Term of Years, or Estate for Life or Lives, as aforesaid, according to the true Meaning of this Actor such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by Virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased, out of the Moneys arising and to arise, as aforesaid, for and during ail and every such Term of Years, for Life or Lives refvectively, and that all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act for any Term, Estate, or Interest whatsoever, mail be free from Taxes j free from all Taxes, Charges, aid Impositions whatsoever.

ana shall have

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon any Part tallies.for the of this Act for any of the Annuities aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, f2n?e' upon Payment of the Consideration or Purchase money for the same, at the respective Rates in this Act

before appointed, or any Part or Proportion thereof, within the Time or Times by this Act limited in Boat Behalf, shall immediately have on: or more Talley or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of so much consideradon money as shall be so paid for or in Part of the said respective Sums to be raised, as aforesaid, and upon Payment of all the purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, at the Rate by this Act appointed, every such Contributor respectively, his or her respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have an Order for Payment of such Annuity and Annuities, for and during such respective Term, Estate, or Interest, as he, she, or they shall or ought to have therein, as aforesaid; Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and after the signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of England, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury, now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed, as aforesaid, or any of them.

XIX. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay forthwith into the Receipt of the Exchequer, the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon any of the Terms aforesaid, it is provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor, who shall advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, all or any Part of the purchase money payable for any ftieh for dromotpav Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, before the said first Day of May in the Year of burr Lord one thou, V sand seven hundred and four, his, her, or their Executors Administrators, or Assigns, shall be allow ed and paid, out of the contribution money aiifing by this Act, Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centura per Annum, for thb prompt Payment of the Money so advanced, from the Time of the i»til imay 1704, adluap advancing and paying the same, until the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and four.

and Orders for ilepaymept.

No Lord Trea juier, C to revoke the same.

Contributor? to be allowed 5 1.

or prompt Pay

A.D. 1703. Anno secundo & tertio Annje Regina, C 3. 135

XX. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Contributor, hi 3 or Annuities may !cher Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of his cr her affixed ut de terrr, Estate, or Interest, of and in any Annuity to be purchased upon this Act, by any Writing under vifed hand and Seal, or by his or her last Will in writing, to assign or devise such Annuity and Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties qv.olies; and no such Assignment to be revokable, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will be Entry thereof ts made in Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the r made nn Af' Space of two Months after such Assignment or Death of the Devisor, and that upon the producing such fidavlt' Assignment, or Will, or Probate thereof, in the said Office of Receipt, to be entered as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same, shall bring therewith an Affidavit, taken before some Person authorised to take Affidavits in Causes depending in any the Courts at Westminster, of the due Execution of the said Affidavits to te Assignment or Will, which Affidavits shall be severally filed' in the said Office; which said Entry oi fi!ed memorandum the said Officers in the said Receipt of the Exchequer are hereby required to make ac In Default of Accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits, and in Default of such Assignment or Devise, by Deed or Will, jp^/ftofcon the Interest of such Contributor (not being such as is to determine by his or her Death) shall go to his ni hmorrtogo tt or her Executors or Administrators. hse: tecutors, C

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, That every Estate of and in any Annuity to be purchased upon Annuities to be this Act, shall be deemed a personal Estate, and (if the same be not such Annuity as is to depend deetn a a perio upon the contributor's own Life) shall go to his Executors and administrators, and not be descendable nal c to the Heir.

XXII. And be it further enacted, L hat it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, ha Guardians to in ving the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, for the Use or Be vtncctol^&c nent of such Infant, to advance and pay the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds of the Money of to purchase "ah"' such Infant, to^pujehafe any Annuity upon this Act for the Benefit of such Infant; and the said Annuity, C

Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds so advanced, is hereby and be discharged for so much.

Guardian and Trustee, as to the said discharged.

XXIII. And to the Intent and Purpose that all Deceits in receiving any Payment upon' any of the fakl Annuities to be purchased for Life or Lives as aforesaid, maybe prevented; Be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, every Contributor for any of the said Annuities for Life or Lives, his or her cate he Life of Executors, Administrators or Assigns, upon his or her demanding of any quarterly Payment, upon such Nominee, chis or her Annuity (unless the Nominee appear in Person at the said Receipt) shall produce a Certificate signed by the of the Life of his or her respective Nominee, signed by the Minister and Churchwardens of the Parish

where such Nominee shall be then living, upon the Day when the said quarterly Payment shall be cnulc warden: > come due (if such Nominee shall he then residing in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, orwitho(jt See. Town of Berwick upon Tweed) which Certificate the said Minister and Churchwardens, are hereby re otherwise to' qtiired to make without Fee or Reward; or otherwise it shall and may be lawful to and for every contri make Oath of butor, his or her Executors, administrators and Assigns, at his, her or their Election - make Oath of nominee's Life, the Truth of his, her or their respective nominee's Life, upon the Day when the said Payment shall' become due, before any one or more Justices of the Peace of the respective County, Riding, City, Town, T r.

or Place, wherin such Person, at the Time of making the said Oath, fnal! reside; which Oath he or they aceruficate*3^ are hereby empowered to administer: And the said Justice or Justices shall make a Certificate thereof, for thereof, C which Oath and Certificate no See or Reward shall bs received; and the said Certificates shall be filed Penalty on per in the said Office of the Receipt of Exchequer: And if any Person shall be guilty of a false Oath, orguilty of a forging ar.y Certificate, touching the Premises, and be thereof lawfully convicted, he or file shall incur f^cerse the Punishment to be inflicted upon Persons who commit wilful and corrupt Perjury. nf.c/

XXIV. And be it further enacted, That in case any Nominee for Life or Lives shall, at the Time of such demand of any quarterly Payment, be Resident in Scotland, or beyond the Seas, and any one or certificate that more of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being shall certify, that upon Proof to him or them Numinee, refi made (which Proof he and they is and are hereby authorised and required to take in a summary dentrm Scotland, Way) it doth seem probable to him or them that the said Nominee is living (which Certificate is or beyond Sea, to be given, and Examination made, without Fee or Reward) the said Certificate being filed as aforesaid, fjqent forma" shall be a sufficient Warrant for the making of such quarterly Payment to the respective Contributor, his king Payment, or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall re persons receiving

ceive any one or more quarterly Payments, upon any of the said Annuities purchased for one or more ny quarterly Lives as aforesaid, for any Time beyond the Death of his, her or their Nominee, when the same ought No

to ecafe, such Person. shall be obliged to repay the Sum, so by him or her received, into the Receipt of jn'ne/*fllaji be" the Exchequer; and if the same were obtained, either by forging any Certificate of the Life of such no obliged to repay mines, or by bringing any one to the said Receipt of Exchequer, to personats his or her Appearance, every the same, such Person so fraudulently getting the said Money, and every Person so produced as aforesaid, shall forfeit Treble the Sum so received, to be recovered by Action of Debt, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Penalty on Per rceord at ivcjhrdnfler, by any Person who shall sue for the same; in which Action no Essoin, protec sonsfobtaipn=, tion. Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed: and moreover) jen jf." e '

the said Persons so fraudulently getting the said Money, and the Persons produced as aforesaid, and all other Partakers in such Forgery or Fraud, shall be further punished for the same, according to the Laws of this Realm.

136 C 3. Anno fecimdo 6c tertio anne Regina;. A.D. 1703.

All Receipts and

XXVI. And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Persons to advance the Paid several Sums inues in the Exon this Act, That all Receipts and Issues, and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in equer a e tjle Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Pec, Gratuity or Reward for the same; and in case any of the Officers of the Penalty on Ofii Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or rnifapply any of the said certaking See, weekly Sums to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, or any Part of the Moneys which should or misapplying. good the Payment of the said Annuities, or shall pay or issue out of the same otherwise than accord the weekly Sums ing to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books and Registers, and make Entries, and do and per or not making form all other Things, which by this Act they are required to perform; every such Officer shall forfeit ntnes his office, and be for the future incapable of any Office or Place of Trull whatsoever, and shall answer

Treble Damages. and pay treble Damages with Costs of Suit to every Contributor or Person who shall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Esscin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have his full Costs; one third Part of which Sum, so to be recovered for Damages, shall be to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; and the other two third Parts, with the Costs, shall be to the Use of the Prosecutor: And in case there shall be any Collusion or saint Prosecutior. between the Plaintiff and Defendant in such Action, it shall be lawful Contributor may for any other Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to bring another Action, biing another wherein he shall recover as aforesaid, to the Uses aforesaid.

officer making

XXVII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That in case any Officer of the Exchequer shall make Payment on any quarterly Payment or Payments upon such Certificate as is before directed, such Officer shall not in certificace, hall cur any Penalty, Forfeituae, or Disability for doing thereof, although the said Certificate be forged or not incur any false, or the said Nominee be dead, unless the said Officer did know, at the Time of such Payment, that Penalty, C^ft omjnee Was dead, or that the said Cerificate was forged or false.

Contributors to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That every Contributor for Life or Lives as aforesaid, his or her certify the Death Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, within one Month after Notice of the Death of any his or their 0 L °minees' respective Nominee or Nominees, shall certify such Death to the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer for the Time being, and within three Months after Notice of the Determination of his, her, or their Annuity or Annuities, by the Death or Deaths of his, her, or their Nominee or Nominees, shall deliver, or cause to be delivered up, to the said Auditor, his or their Talley and Order, by which he or they were or

made wilhnut See.

Plaintiff on Re covery to have full Costs.

In case of saint Prosecution,

and deliver up

their Tallies, was intitled, during the Life of such Nominee or Nominees, to receive such Annuity, or Annuities, in

C in 3 Months, /, ru tlh________u u: u _. j n.r.i. r.lr r. A.

after Decease.

Penalty,

Moneys appropriated for Payment of the an suites

One third Part of the Purchase Money to be paid by i May 1704,

Contributors not paying the t'.vo other Parts within the Times limited.

such Moneys, lb ad in, to be loi fated, £: C

Allowance; to oi^ce und c/eiks, C

case such Talley and Order be in his or their Hands or Power; and in Default thereof, such Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall forfeit the Sum often Pounds, to be recovered by Action of Debt as aforesaid, and to be had and received to the Use of any Person who shall sue for the same.

XXIX. And it is ftiereby enacted and declared, That so much of the Moneys arising by the said

weekly Payments out of the said Branches of Excise, as shall be sufficient, from Time to Time, to discharge the said Annuities from and after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, during the Continuance of the said Annuities respectively, and so much of the said contribution money to be advanced on this Act, as shall be sufficient to discharge all the Payments which shall or may grow due on the said Annuities, from the said twenty-fifth Day of March ore thousand seven hundred and four, until and for the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five inclusively, shall be appropriated and applied, and are hereby appropriated to and for the Payment of the said Annuities, according to the true Meaning of this Act, and shall not be divertible or diverted to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are before mentioned.,

XXX. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain, or be admitted to purchase or obtain, any Annuity upon this Act, for any Term, Estate, or Interest whatsoever, unless the whole, or one third Part of the Consideration Money for the same, at such respective Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, on or before the said first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four.

XXXI. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who shall, on or before the said first Day of May ore thousand seven hundred and four, have advanced one third Part only of his or her Purchase Money, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, do not advance and pay into the Receipt of Exchequer, one other third Part of his or her Consideration Money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity Or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the said twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four; and the remaining third Part thereof on or before the said twenty-ninth Day of September in the same year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four; then, and in every such case respectively, no Order shall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity for which the Consideration Money shall not be fully paid as aforesaid, but so much of the Consideration Money as shall have been actually paid into the Exchequer for such respective Annuity, shall he forfeited and lost to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and be applied, together with other the Moneys to be raised by this Act, for the Purposes aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, out of any the Moneys of the said weekly Payments, to reward the Officers and Clerks in the Exchequer to be employed in the Payment of the said Annuities, or any of them, for their Labour, Pains, and Service, therein respectively! in such

A.D. 1703. Anno Iccundo & tertio Annje Reginae. C 4.

Proportions as to the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, hall seem meet and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if so many Contributi if r0 many con ons upon this Act, for such Annuities as aforesaid, shall not he made on or before the said first Day of nitrations be not May one thousand seven hundred and four, as shall be sufficient (together with the several Parts or Pro made by i May portions of the Purchase Money then remaining to be paid at or before such several Days or Times as j7°4> as will aforesaid) to raise the said whole Sum of one Million and two hundred thousand Pounds, over and above we 't*00'000*-the Money necessary to discharge such Annuities as shall be purchased, until the said five and twentieth C

Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five inclusively as aforesaid; immediately from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful to and for Queen, C may her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or her or their Officers in the Receipt of Exchequer, by Command borrow to muck or Appointment of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to borrow and take into the said Receipt of Ex«make "p - chequer, of or from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate (who i'100'000 '

have hereby Power and Authority to lend and advance the same) for the Service of carrying on the said War, and other her necessary Occasions, any Sum or Sums of Money, which, together with the whole Amount of all the Consideration or Purchase Moneys, paid or to be paid, in ready Money or by Proportions as aforesaid, for the said Annuities, shall not exceed in the whole the said Sum of one million and two hundred thousand Pounds, besides so much as shall be necessary to discharge the purchased Annuities, until and for the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five as aforesaid; which Loans shall be registered and repaid in Course, according to the Dates of the Tallies, and Interest shall be allowed for the said Loans after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and payable quar interest allowed, terly; and the Principal and Interest of the said Loans shall be charged upon, and payable out of, all the Moneys, which shall arise by the said weekly Payments, over and above so much as will be sufficient to satisfy the said annual Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, t o the said Patentees, and those claiming under them, and over and above so much as shall be fuf fieient to satisfy so many Annuites as shall have been actually purchased upon this Act: And that Tal Tallies and or lies of Loan shall be levied for the Moneys solent, and Orders shall be drawn and signed for Repayment <fers.forrepay

of the same, with such Interest as aforesaid, according to the Course of the Exchequer; and that such mem

Orders, or any Part thereof, shall be assignable, such Assignments being first entered in the Office of the

Auditor of the said Receipt; and that no Moneys so to be lent shall be chargeable with any Taxes. Rates, Moneys solent

or Impositions; all the Moneys arising by the said weekly Payments out of the said Branches of Ex not to be taxed,

cife (over and above so much as will be sufficient to satisfy the said annual Payments, after the Rate of

three Pounds per cerunn per Annum, and so many Annuities as shall have been actually purchased upon p^pri^ao^'

this Act as aforesaid) shall be applied and appropriated, and the same are hereby appropriated to and for Repayment,

the Repayment of the said Loans in Course, with such Interest as aforesaid, unto such Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall lend or advance the same as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, without any Fee or Charge

without Fee.

whatsoever, and shall not be diverted or be tdivertible to any other Use or Purpose whatsoever,

under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are by this Act prescribed for diverting or misapplying

any of the Money that ought to be applied to the Payment of the said Annuities: And in case all Moneys not re

the Moneys so to be borrowed, with the Interest thereof, shall not be repaid by or before the five and Paid b7 s dc<a

twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and six, then the Remainder thereof shall be w6 how

satisfied out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament, after the same five and twentieth Day of tk ie '

December one thousand seven hundred and six.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the public registring of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the West Riding of the County of York, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and four.

'WHEREAS the West Ruling of the County of York is the principal Place in the North for the fj[|lier prdv;

Cloth Manufacture, and most of the traders therein are Freeholders, and have frequent oeca fions relating fions to borrow Money upon their Estates for managing their said Trade, but for want of a Register hereto by 5 1 find it difficult to give Security to the Satisfaction of the Money Lenders (although the Security they Anns, C 18.

offer be really goodbye Means whereof the said Trade is very much obstructed, and many Families and 6 nn:

ruined For the remedying whereof may it please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Request of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the said West Riding, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the queen's' most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advise and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho ame ori lof rity of the same. That a Memorial of all Deeds and Conveyances, which from and after the nine and audcedsand° twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, shall be made Conveyances and executed, and of all Wills and Devises in Writing made or to be made and published, where thede made after 29 visor or Testator shall die after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, of or concerning, and where s'pt 1704- and by any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said West Riding, may be any way made in the % vdi Vol. IV T affected Riding of vorv

shire,

138 C 4. Anno secundo & tertio anne Regina?. A.D. 1703.

way be rfgiftrcd. affected in Law or Equity, may, at the Election of the Party or Parties concerned, be registered in such Manner as is herein after directed; and that every Deed or Conveyance that shall, at any Time after any Memorial is so registered, be made and executed of the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, comprised or contained in any such Memorial, shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, unless such Memorial thereof shall be registered as by this at is directed, before the registring of the Memorial of the Deed or Conveyance under which such subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee shall claim; and that every Devise by Will of the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or any Part thereof, mentioned or contained in any Memorial so registered as aforesaid, that shall be made and published after the registring of such Memorial, shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, unless a Memorial of such Will be registered in such Manner as is herein after directed. register's Office

II. And for settling and establishing a certain Method, with proper Rules and Directions for registring to be kept at such Memorials as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one public Office

Wakefield. for registring such Memorials of and concerning any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that are situate, lying, and being within the said West Riding, shall be established and kept at Wakefield, the nearest Market Town to the Centre or Middle of the said west Riding, to be managed and executed by a fit and able Person, to be from Time to Time' elected and appointed in Manner herein after directed, or his sufficient Deputy, and to continue in the said Office for so long Time as he il.all well demean himself therein.

Register whe

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Elections of a Register to be made or ap --

elected by bal pointed by Virtue of this Act, shall be performed by balloting in Manner following (that is to say) All »*. the Freeholders that at the Time of any such Election have an Estate of Freehold, of or in any Lands, te tionn.ner° CC nement: i or Hereditaments within the said West Riding, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds (to be determined by the Oath of the Elector, before the Scrutators herein after mentioned, if any Doubt arise touching the same, which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) shall be Electors of the said Register; and that the Justices of the Peace for the said West Riding, in that Behalf assembled, or the major Part of them, or any five of such Justices to be appointed by such major Part, shall be Scrutators of the Ballot; who shall meet on the Day and Place of Election, and there, in the Presence of the Electors, shall place one or more Glass Vessels to be provided for that Purpose, into which each Elector present shall put one open Paper, containing the Name of such Personas he approves of to be Register: Which Papers shall be taken out again in the Presence of the said Scrutators, by a Person by them in that Behalf appointed; and the Name or Names of every Person therein shall be once transcribed in distinct Columns, and under each Name shall be set down the Number of their Electors, which shall be deliberately call up by the said Scrutators, and the same shall be read over in the Hearing and fixed up in the View, of the e ledtors then present; and the Person upon whom the Majority shall fall, shall be declared Register.

Time of eleaing

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Election of a Person to be the first Regi, die first Register. fter, shall be made at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the said West Riding, after the Feast of Easter in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, in open Court, on the feeond Day of the said Sessions, between the Hours of nine in the Morning, and three in the Afternoon.

Upon Death,*.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the said Office shall be -- of Register a new come vacant by the Death, Forfeiture, or Surrender of any such Register, the Justices of the Peace for one to be chosen. the said West Riding, assembled at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, next after such Vacancy shall happen, or the major Part of them, shall in open Court declare the said Vacancy, and by order of the same Sessions shall appoint and prefix a certain Day and Time, within the Space of one Calendar Month, and above three Weeks ensuing the End of such General Quarter sessions, for the Electors to assemble at Wakefield aforesaid, to ehoofe a fit and able Person, in the Manner aforesaid, to supply the said Vacancy: And to the Intent that all Persons qualified to be Electors, may have due notice of such. vacancy, and Time of Election of a succeeding Register, the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the said West Riding shall forthwith eause Copies of such Order, for the prefixing the Time of such Election, to be delivered to the respective Chief Constables of the several Wapentakers within the said West Riding, who shall and are hereby required to pu blifti the same in full Market in every Market Town within their several Wapentakes, on the next Market Day after the Receipt thereof, and to affix the same in the moll public Place of Resort there.

During the Va

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the Death of any such Register. un inncv, rxiciuors tj] another Election of a Person to execute that Office shall be made in Manner aforesaid, the Executors f i^nt^person aru^ Administrators of the Register dpceased, together with the Sureties for the said Register, or their ex to execute then ecutors and Administrators, shall appoint a proper Person to execute the Office of Register, for whose Office. Demeanour in the Execution of the said Office the Security given for such Register deceased shall be

answerable.

How Memorials

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Memorials, so to be en shall be written, trec[ or registered, shall be put into Writing, in Vellum or Parchment, and directed to the Register of the and directed, C Office; and in case of Deeds and Conveyances, shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Grantors, or some or one of the Grantees, his or their Guardians or Trustees, attested by two Wit deeds and Con neftes, one whereof to be one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance; which veyances. Witness shall, upon his Oath before the said Register, or his Deputy, prove the signing and sealing of the said Memorial, and the Execution of the Deed or Conveyance mentioned in such Memorial; and in case of Wills, the Memorials shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Devisees, his or their

Wills.

A.D. 1703. Anno secundo 6c teitio annve Regime. C 4. 139

their Guardians or Trustees, attested by two Witnesses, one whereof Aral 1, upon his Oath before the said Register or his Deputy, prove the Signing and Sealing of such Memorial; which respective Oaths the said Register or his Deputy is hereby empowered to administer.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Memorial of any Deed, Con what every ms veyance, or Will, shall contain the Day of the Month, and the Year when such Deed, Conveyance, or niomlof my Will bears Date, and the Names and Additions of all the Parties to such Deed or Conveyance, and of, ^'orw"i the Devisor, or Testatrix of such Will, and of all the Witnesses to such Deed, Conveyance, or v5/ill, ftaii contain. and the Places of their Abode, and shall Express or mention the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, contained in such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, and the Names of all the Parishes, Townships,

Hamlets, Precincts, or Extraparochial Places, within the said West Riding, where any such Honours, Ada'nors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devised, or any Way affected or charged by any such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, in such Manner as the same are expressed or mentioned, in such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, or to the same Effect; and Register to in that every such Deed, Conveyance, and Will, or Probate of the same, of which such Memorial is so to dorfea certifi be registered, as aforesaid, shall be produced to the said Register or his Deputy, at the Time of entering ^'hdecd^&c such Memorial, who shall endorse a Certificate on every such Deed, Conveyance and Will, or Probate C ' C thereof, and therein mention the certain Day, Hour, and Time on which such Memorial is so entered and registered, expressing also in what Book, Page, and Number the same is entered, and that the said Register, or his Deputy, shall sign the said Certificate when so endorsed j which Certificates shall be taken and al Memorials to be lowed as Evidence of such Respective Registries in all Courts of Record whatsoever; that every Page numbre.1. of such Register Books, and every Memorial that shall be entered therein, shall be numbered, and the Day of the Month, and the Year and Hour, or Time of the Day, when every Memorial is registered, shall be entered in the Margins of the said Register Books, and of the said Memorial; and that every such Re Register to keep gifter shall keep an Alphabetical Calendar of all Parishes, Extra parochial Places, and Townships within an alphabetical the said West Riding, with Reference to the Number of every Memorial that concerns the Honours, Manors, Calcndar' Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in every such Parish, Extra parochial Place, or Township reflectively, and of the Names of the Parties mentioned in such Memorial; and that such Register shall duly Memorials to be file every such Memorial in Order of Time, as the same shall be brought to the said Office, and enter or filed and entered register the said Memorials in the same Order that they shall respectively come to his Hand. in Order.

IX. And be it further enacted that every such Register, before he enter upon the Execution of the said Office, shall be sworn before the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any three or more of them that shall be present at his elerion (who are hereby empowered and required to administer such Oath) in these Words

'T OU shall truly and faithfully perform and execute the Office and Duty that is directed and re register's Oath,

Jl. quired by Act of Parliament, in Registring Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, with the West Riding of the County of Turk, so long as you shall continue in the said Office; and that you have not given or promised, direddly nor indirectly, nor authorised any Person to give or Promise any

Money, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, for procuring or obtaining the said Office for you

So help you God.

X. And that when and as often as the said Register shall appoint any Deputy to execute the said Of register's de fice, such Deputy shall, before he enter upon the Execution thereof, take the said Oath appointed to be 'take the taken by the Register, before two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, who are hereby im fald ach' powered and required to administer such Oath; and that every Register, at the Time of his being sworn Register to give into the said Office, shall also enter into a Recognisance with two or more sufficient Sureties, to be ap, », proved of by five or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said Riding that where present at his said Election, by Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be registered at the next General Quarter sessions

of the Peace for the said Riding, of the Penalty of two thousand Pounds unto her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, to be taken by the same justices of the Peace that approved of his Security, conditioned for his true and faithful Performance of his Duty in the Execution of his said Office:

The same to be transmitted by the same Justices of the Peace, within one Month next after the Date thereof, into the Office of her Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, there to remain amongst the Records of the said Court.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Rc If nomi/bchavi gifter shall die, or surrender his Office, and that within the Space of three Years, from and after such r apfaearc'n 3 Death or Surrender, no Misbehaviour appear to have been committed by such Register, in the Execution paatr(j o( of his said Office, then and in such Case, at the End of the said three Years after his Death or Surren Register, such der, the said Recognisance, so entered into by him, shall become void and of no Effect, to all Intents Recognisance to and Purposes whatsoever. e void.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Register, or his sufficient Times of Atten deputy, shall give due Attendance at his Office every Day in the Week (except Sundays and Holidays) dance in theof between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, and the Hours of two and five in the Afternoon, fice' for the Dispatch of all Business belonging to the said Office; and that every such Register, or his Deputy, as often as required, shall make Searches concerning all Memorials that are registered, as aforesaid, and give Certificates concerning the same under his Hand, if required by any Person.

140 C 4.

Anno secundo & tertio anne Reginae.

A.D. 1703.

and for Certificates,

Penalty on Register, C

Person nominated on Death of Register to execute the Office

Allowances for

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Register shall be allowed entering Memo for the Entry of every such Memorial, as is by this Act directed, the Sum of one Shilling, and no ti3ls» more, in case the same do not exceed two hundred Words; but if such Memorial shall excfeed two hundred

Words, then after the Rate and Proportion of sixpence an hundred, for all the Words contained in such Memorial, over and above the first two hundred Words: And the like Fees for the like Number Number of Words, contained in every Certificate or Copy given out of the said Office, and no more, and for every Search in the said Office one Shilling, and no more.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Register or his Deputy shall neglect to perform his or their Duty in the Execution of the said Office, according to the Rules and Directions in this Act mentioned, or commit, or suffer to be committed, any undue or fraudulent Practice in the Execution of the said Office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, that then such Register

Tieblc Damages. foa|] forfeit his said Office, and pay treble Damages with full Costs of Suit to every such Person or Persons as shall be injured thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at west?nin/ier, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XV. And be it further enacted, That the Person to be nominated, as aforesaid, upon the Death of any Register, to execute the said Office, during the Time the same shall be vacant, as aforesaid, shall, before he enter upon the Execution thereof, take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by such Register,

(while vacant) to and his Deputy, before two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding (who are hereby empowered take the same to administer the same Oath) and that if such Person, so nominated, shall he lawfully convicted of any Oath asrcgifler. Neglect, Misdemeanour, or fraudulent Practice in the Execution of the said Office, during such Vacancy, Treble Damages, he shall be liable to pay treble Damages, with full Costs of Suit, to every Person that shall be injured thereby, to be recovered as aforesaid.

Aa not to ex

XVI. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That this at shall not extend to any Copyhold Estates, ten<j!. is?flmhold or to any Leases at a Rack Rent, or to any Lease not exceeding one and twenty Years, where the ac tual Possession and Occupation goeth along with the Lease; in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That where there are more writings than one, for making and perfecting any Conveyance or Security, which do name, mention, or any ways affebl or concern the same Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be a sufficient Memorial and Register thereof, if all the said Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or extra parochial Places, where the same lie, be only once named or mentioned in the Memorial, Register and Certificate of any one of the Deeds or Writings, made for the

certe 'a' C e' C pel^e&ins f such Conveyance or Security; and that the Dates of the rest of the said Deeds or Writings, onveyance, C rejat; ng to foc faj(j Conveyance or Security, with the Names and Additions of the Parties and Witnesses, and the Places of their Abodes, be only set down in the Memorials, Registers, and Certificates of the same, with a Reference to the Deed or Writing whereof the Memorial is so registered, that contains or expresses the Parcels mentioned in all the said Deeds, and Directions how to find the registring the same.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Memorial of such Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, as shall be made and executed or published in London, or in any other Place not within forty Miles of the said West Ridings which do or may concern or affebl any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said West Riding, shall be entered or registered by the aforesaid Register or his Deputy, in Case an Affidavit sworn before any one of the Judges at Westminster\ or a Master in Chancery, be brought with the said Memorial to the said Register or his Deputy, wherein one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deeds and Conveyances shall swear he or she saw the same executed, and the Memorial signed and sealed as above said, or wherein one of the Witnesses to the Memorial of any Will shall swear he or she saw such Memorial signed and sealed as abovesaid; and the same shall be a sufficient Authority to the said Register, or his Deputy, to give the Party that brings such

Register to give' Memorial and Affidavit, a Certificate of the registring such Memorial; which Certificate, signed by the ccrcifica'.e there, foid Register or his Deputy, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of the Registries of the same Memorials in all Courts of Record whatsoever; anything in this Act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit any such Memorial or Certificate as are herein before mentioned and directed, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to such Pains and Penalties as in and by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen eliza eeth, intituled An AP against Forgers of false Deeds and Writings, are imposed upon Persons for forging or publishing of false Deeds, Charters, or Writings sealed, Court Rolls, or Wills, whereby the Freehold or Inheritance of any Person or Persons of, in, or to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall or may be molested, troubled, or charged; and that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forswear himself before the said Register, or his Deputy, or before any Judge or Master in Chancery, in any of the Cases aforesaid, and he thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to the same Penalties, as if the same Oath had been made in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster.

or Leasehold Estates,

Manors, Lands, C to be but once named in the Memorial, C where there are more Writings than one

A Memorial of Deeds, C made in London, C which concern ny Lands in the West Riding may be registered on Affidavit,

open.

Penalty on forging or counterfeiting Memorials orcertificates.

5 Eliz. C 14.'

Penalty on Person forswearing him fell'.

Memorials of Wills entered in 6 Months after

Death of Devisor, dying in England, cor in 3 Years after Death of Devisor dying beyond Sea to be valid.

XX

Manner

provided.always, and it is hereby enacted, That all Memorials of Wills that shall be registered in as aforesaid, within the Space of six Months after the Death of every respective Devisor or Testatrix,

A.D. 1703. Anno secundo & tertio Ann Reginae. C 5. 14.x

trix, dying within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or within the Space of three Years after the Death of every respective Devisor or Testatrix, dying upon or in any Parts beyond the Seas, shall be as valid and effectual against subsequent Purchasers, as if the same had been registered immediately after the Death of such respective Devisor or Testatrix; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Provided always, That in case the Devisee, or Person or Persons interested in the Honours, Ma Proviso in case of nors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, devised by any such Will, as aforesaid reason of the wil!s sonteil5i' contefling such Will, or other inevitable Difficulty, without his, her, or their wilful Neglect or Default,

shall be disabled to exhibit a Memorial for the Registry thereof, within the respective Times herein before limited, then and in such Case the Registry of the Memorial, within the Space of six Months next after his, her, or their Attainment of such Will, or a Probate thereof, or Removal of the Impediment, whereby he, she, or they are disabled or hindered to exhibit such Memorial, shall be a sufficient Registry within the Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of Parliament, for the No Member cf

Time being, shall be capable of being chosen Register, or of executing, by himself or any other Person, Parliament to be the said Office, or have, take, or receive any Fee or other Profit whatsoever, for or in Respect thereof;, Re" ift« toe' nor shall any Register, or his Deputy for the Time being, be capable of being chosen a Member to chosen a meia serve in Parliament. - bsr of Pailia

XXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts with t.

in this Kingdom as a public Act; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required as such to take Public Act' Notice thereof, without special pleading the same. Sec j Ann. C 20.

appointing a Rc

gifer for Middlesex $ 3 Geo. z, C 6. appointing Register for the North Riding of toikjhir: r

CAP. V.

An act to repeal a Proviso in an Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, which prevents the Citizens of the City of York from disposing of their personal Estates by their Wills, as others inhabiting within the Province of York by that Act may do.

WHEREAS by an Act made and passed in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act that the Inhabitants of the Province a york may dispose of their personal Estates by their Wills, notwithstanding the Custom of that Province: In which Act there is a Proviso, that nothing in the said Act contained should extend or be construed to extend to the Citizens of the Cities of York and Chester, who were or should be Freemen of the said respective Cities, inhabiting the rein, or within the Suburbs thereof, at the Time of their Death: But that every such citizen's Widow and Children should and might have and enjoy such reasonable Part and Proportion of the testator's personal Estate, as she or they might or ought to have had by the Custom of the Province of York, before the making of the said Act: And whereas notwithstanding the Mayor and Commonlty, on behalf of the Inhabitants of the said City of York, have humbly desired that the said Proviso may be repealed, so that the Freemen of the said City may have the Benefit of the said Act of Parliament, as well as all other Persons inhabiting within the said Province Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the six and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, the said Proviso, so far as the same concerns the Citizens of the City of York, shall be repealed, and is hereby repealed and made null and void, so that from thenceforth it shall and may be lawful for alt and every the Citizens of the said City of York, who are or shall be Freemen of the said City, inhabiting the rein, or within the Suburbs thereof, at the Time of their Death, by their last Wills and Testaments, to give, bequeath, and dispose of their Goods, Chattels, Debts, and other personal Estates, to their Executor or Executors, or to such other Person or Persons as the said Testator or Testators shall think fit, as any other Person or Persons inhabiting or residing within the said Province of York may lawfully do by virtue of the said Act: And that from and after the said six and twentieth Day of March, the Widows, Children, and other Kindred of such Testator or Testators, shall be barred to claim or demand any Part of the Goods, Chattels, or other personal Estate of the Testator or Testators, in any other Manner than as by the said last Wills and Testaments is limited and appointed; anything in the said Act, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided, and be it enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a public Act; and all Judges and Justices. are required as such to take Notice thereof without special pleading the same.

4 W. Sc M. €. j

Freemen of York may dispose of their personal Estates by Will,

Widows or Children barred from Claim j other wile than by testator's Will.

Public a5v

142 C 6. Anno secundo & tertio Annas Regina:. A.D. 1703.

CAP. VI.

An Act for the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and Security of the Coal Trade.

a R. 2. C 4.

S El. t. 5.

7 S'8 AT. 3. t. 21.

8 W. 3. C 2

9 jy. 3. C 41, -

WHEREAS the giving due Encouragement to such of the Youth of this Kingdom, as shall voluntarily betake themselves to the Sea Service, and Practice of Navigation, and obliging others, who by reason of their own or their Parents Poverty, are destitute of Employment, or any lawful Means whereby to maintain themselves, may greatly tend to the Increase of able and experienced Mariners and Seamen, for the Service of her Majesty's Royal Navy, and for the carrying on the Trade and Commerce of this Kingdom; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prel ent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March Parish Boys may in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, it shall and may be lawful to and for two be put out Ap or more Justices of the Peace, in their several and 'respective Counties, Ridings, or Divisions, as also to lea Service"*" an or Mayors, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and other chief Officers and Magistrates of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, within her Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and likewise to and for the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor (for the Time being) of the several and respective Parishes within the Places aforesaid, by and with the Consent and Approbation of such Justices of the Peace, Mayors, Aldermen, Bailiffs, or other the chief Officers or Magistrates aforesaid, to bind and put out any Boy or Boys, who is, are, or shall be of the Age of ten Years, or upwards, or who is, are, or shall be chargeable, or whose Parents are or shall become chargeable to the respective Parish or Parishes wherein they inhabit, or who shall beg for Alms, to be to Matters of Apprentice and Apprentices to the Sea Service, to any of her Majesty's Subjects, being Masters or Ships Owners of any Ship or Vessel used in Sea Service, and belonging to any Port or Ports within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed aforesaid, for so long Time, and until such Boys shall respectively attain or come to the Age of one and twenty Years; and such binding out any such Apprentice shall be as effectual in the Law to all Intents and Purposes, as if such Boy were boy's Age to be of full Age, and by Indenture had bound himself an Apprentice: and.to the end that the Time of the vnierrej In his Continuance of the Service of such Apprentice or Apprentices may the more plainly and certainly ap n enture, C pearj the yyrre Df every such Boy, so to be bound Apprentice, shall be mentioned and inserted in his Indentures, being taken truly from a Copy of the Entry in the Register Book, wherein the Time of his being baptised is or shall be entered (where the same can or may be had) which Copy shall be given and attested by the Minister, Vicar, or Curate of such Parish or Parishes, wherein such boy's Baptism shall be registered, without Fee or Reward, and may be writ upon Paper or Parchment without any Stamp or Mark; and where no such Entry of such boy's being baptised can be found, two or more of such Justices of the Peace, and such Mayors, Aldermen, Bailiffs, or other chief Officers shall, as fully as they can, inform themselves of such boy's Age, and from such Information shall insert the same in the said Indentures; and the Age of such Boy so inserted and mentioned in the said Indentures (in relation to the Continuance of his Service) shall be taken to be his true Age, without any further Proof thereof.

churchwardens topaydown 50s.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor for the Time being, of the several and respective Parishes, from whence any such Boy shall for Boysnecefla be bound Apprentice to the said Service, as aforesaid, shall pay down to such Master, to whom the Boy an^beahowed'"'s b°unih at the Time of his binding, the Sum of fifty Shillings, to provide necessary Clothing and bed the same in rhpir ding for Sea Service, for such Boy; and the Charges by this Act appointed shall be allowed to the said I Accounts. Churchwardens and Overseers on their Accounts.

III. And whereas in many large Parishes within this Realm, there are several Townships or Villages,

and Overseers of the Poor are chosen and appointed within and for each such Township or Village

Overseers of the respectively; ' Be it therefore enacted, That the Overseers of the Poor of every such Township or VII poor of any lage shall and may, from Time to Time, within every such Township or Village, do, perform and exe lownship orvil cite a]j ancj every the Acts, Powers, and Authorities hereby enabled or directed to be done, performed, Churchwardens or executed by the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of a Parish; thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

no such appren

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Apprentice or Apprentices shall nce to be impress be compelled or impressed, or permitted or fullered to lift or enter him or themselves into her Majesty's - iearmold" Uls Service at Sea, or into the Sea Service of her Majesty's Heirs or Successors, till such Apprentice or Apprentices respectively arrive to the Age of eighteen Years.

Apprentices inv. And be it further enacted, That the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Parish, out of which any L nt to the°col sech Boy shall be bound an Apprentice, shall send the said Indentures to the Collector of her Majesty's leftorat the Port Customs, residing at or belonging to any Port or Ports within this Kingdom of England, Dominion of whereunto his Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, whereunto such Masters or Owners of Ships or Vessels, to Maher belongs whom such Apprentice or Apprentices shall be bound, do or may belong; who shall in a fair Book or Collector to en Books to be by him kept for that Purpose, fairly enter from Time to Time, all and every Indenture 'r.eri"ame Sra" and Indentures, whereby such Apprentice and Apprentices shall be bound, and which shall be so sent unto him, and shall make an Endorsement upon the said Indentures of the Registry thereof, subscribed by the said Collector, without taking any Fee or other Reward for the same: And every such Collector neglecting or refusing to enter such Indentures, and endorse the same, or making false Entries, shall forfeit

i^the

j'lsj dci

A.D.

Anno secundo & tertio Ann

Reejrue.

O

C 6. 743

1703.

the Sum of five Pounds for the Use of the Poor of the Parish, from whence such Boy was bound Apprentice:

And all and every such Collector or Collectors, or his or their lawful Deputy or Deputies, of the said several Penalty on coi and respective Ports, shall from Time to Time transmit Certificates in Writing, under his or their Hands, leflor neglecting, to the Lord High Admiral of England, or to the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the Time being, containing the Names and Ages of every such Apprentice respectively, and to what Ship he belongs; and upon Receipt of such Certificates, Protections hall, from Time to Time, be made and given for such Lord Admiral ro Apprentices, till they attain their several and respective Ages of eighteen Years, without any Fee or Re Protections for ward to be taken for the same; which Certificates, so as aforesaid to be given, are not required to be writ n., ch affren upon stamped Paper or Parchment. roes, gratis.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid - all and every the Person and Persons, to whom any poor Parish Boy hath been, or hereafter shall be, put Apprentice, according to the

Statute made in the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, may, with the content and ' 43e1, c'Approbation of two or more Justices of the Peace of the same County, and dwelling in or near the same Parish where such poor Boy was bound Apprentice, or by and with the Consent and Approbation of any e°ys Mayor, Alderman, Bailiff, or other Chief Officer or Magistrate of any City, Borough, or Town corporate, where such poor Boy was bound Apprentice, at the Request of the Mailer or Mistress, then LI turnedover to ring, of such Apprentices, or his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Indenture, assign the Sea Servicr. and turn over such poor Boy Apprentice to any Mailer or Owner of any such Ship or Vessel, using the Indentures of Sea Service as aforesaid, for and during the then remaining Time of his Apprenticeship; which Assign Assignment to ment and assignments of such Apprentices so as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared to be good and effectual in the Law: All which Indentures of Assignment are hereby directed to be registered, and Ann: 7 C Certificates thereof given and transmitted by such Collector, at the said several Ports where such Parish f. 16.' Apprentices shall be so assigned over, and bound to the Sea Service, in Manner and Form aforesaid; upon Receipt of such Certificates, Protections shall, from Time to Time, be made and given for such Apprentices (so to be assigned over as aforesaid) till they shall attain their several and respective Ages of eighteen Years, without Fee or Reward for the same, in like Manner as aforesaid. Ajl fucll A?.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular such poor Boys as prentices until

are herein before mentioned, or intended by this present Act to be bound and put out, and such as shall is Years old be assigned over to the Sea Service as aforesaid, during their several and respective Apprenticeships, till sxempte "fronv such Time as they shall attain their several and respective Ages of eighteen Years, shall be, and are here per

by declared to be exempted, freed, and discharged of and from Payment of six Pence per Month towards Greenwxh the better supporting of Greenwich Hospital; the Act of Parliament made in the seventh and eighth Years Hospital.

of the Reign of the late King William the Third (of glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for the Increase southeast 2 Geo. 2. and Encouragement of Seamen, or any Clause in the same contained to the contrary hereof in any wise note 7 i6 with (landing. J 3.

VIII. And for the better providing such Apprentices with Matters for the said Service; be it further mta etsofshipsr enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every of her Majesty's Subjects, being Matters or Ow C obliged to ners of any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, used in the Sea Service as aforesaid, of the Burden of thirty take such Ap tun to the Burden of fifty Tun, be obliged to take one such Apprentice, and one more for the nextrrntlceanna? fifty Tun, and one more for each and every hundred Tun, such Ship or Vessel shall exceed the Burden,

of one hundred Tun: And such Matter or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, refilling to take such Apprentice no Matter shall or Apprentices as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for the Use of the Poor of the Parish firm be bound to take whence such Boy was bound Apprentice.^ae°y unde3,

IX. And be it further enacted, That every Matter or Owner of such Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, ^to^we a'*c so obliged to take such Apprentice or Apprentices, after his Arrival into any Port or Ports aforesaid, and Xcaiunt of there before he clears out of such Port, shall give an Account in Writing, under his Hand, to the Collector of Names, c. such Port to which he belongs, containing the Names and Numbers of such Apprentices as are then remaining in his Service.

X. And for the better conveying and condubling all and every such Apprentice and Apprentices, so to' be bound as aforesaid, to his and their respective Matter and Matters; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Apprentice and Apprentices shall, from Time to Time, be fe how a pprcn verally and respectively sent, condubled, and conveyed to the several and respective Ports, to which his ticesflla'1 be or their Matter shall respectively belong, by the Churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, or their AGENTS,

of the Parish from whence such Apprentice is bound, and the Charges thereof to be in the same their Matters be manner, as is provided by an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of long, his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Ptinishment of Fa 11 & t2 w, 3. grants, and sending them whither by Law they ought to be sent. C ls

XI. And it is hereby directed, That the Counterpart of all and every such Indentures, to be executed The counter by the several and respective Matters of all such Apprentices, shall be sealed and executed in the Presence p^ts of theii in of, and attested by, the Collector at the Port aforesaid where such Apprentices shall be bound or assigned llentures to over) and the Constable or other Officer, who shall bring or convey such Apprentices to the said several j^e'churdh L and respective Matters; which Constables or Officers last mentioned shall transmit and convey the Coun wardens^k C 'terparts of such Indentures to the Churchwardens and Overseers of the several Parishes from wffience such Apprentices shall be bound, by the same Ways and Means as such Apprentice or Apprentices were conveyed to the said several and respective Ports.

XII. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That two or more Justices of the Peace of Jitfticcs toc<ver the respective Counties, and dwelling in or near any of the Ports aforesaid, and all Mayors, Aldermen, minefcnmplaint* bailiffs, and other Chief Officers and Magistrates of any City, Borough, or Town Corporate, in or near jaen Masters

adjoining pfre!ulccs'

144*

collector to keep a Register, ct

and transmit a Copy thereof to

11!emtdvcs^ap to the Sea Service

C 6. Anno secundo & tertio anne Regime, A.D. 1703.

adjoining to such Port or Ports, to which such Ship or vessel shall at any time arrive, hall have full Power and Authority, and are hereby authorised and i.npowered to inquire into, and examine, hear, and determine all Complaints of hard or ill Usage from the several and respective Matters, to such their Apprentice and Apprentices, so to be bound or assigned over as aforesaid, and also of all such as already have or who shall at any Time hereafter voluntarily put themselves Apprentices to the Sea Service as aforesaid, and to make such Orders therein, as now they are enabled by Law to do in other Cases between Matters and Apprentices.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such collehor in every Port or Ports aforesaid, shall, in their several and respective Stations, keep an exah Register, containing as well the Number and Burden of all such Ships and Vessels, together with the Matters or Owners Names, as also the Names of such Apprentices in each Ship and Vessel belonging to their respective Ports, and from what Parishes and Places such Aprentices were respectively sent; and that such collehors shall transmit true Copies of such Register, signed by them, to the Quarter sessions, or to such Cities, bo fions^c^ratis" roushs5 Towns Coporate, Parishes, or Places, when and so often as they shall be reasonably required so juns, C gratis. to _ for which Copy or Copies, so to be transmitted as aforesaid, no See or Reward shall be taken: And that every such Collector refusing or wilfully neglecting to transmit such Copies as aforesaid, shall Penalty. for every such Refusal or Neglect forfeit five Pounds for the Use of the Poor of the Parish, from whence such Boy was bound Apprentice.

Officer to insert

XIV. And be it further enacted, That every customhouse Officer or Officers, at each and every of h n' ?beruft, orts aforesaid, halt insert, and are hereby required, from Time to Time, to insert at the Bottom of Men a Boys their Cocquets, the Number of Men and Boys on board the respective Ships or Vessels, at their going out on board. See. of every such Port, therein particularly describing the Apprentices by their respective Names, Ages, and the Dates of their several Indentures, for which no See or Reward shall be taken.

Persons volunta

XV. And for the Encouragement of all such as have, or hall voluntarily bind themselves Apprentices the Sea Service; ' be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person and prentices to Sea Persons, who have or hall so voluntarily, and of his or their own Accord, bind or put him or themselves Service, not to Apprentice to any such Matters or Owners of any Ship or Vessel as aforesaid, hall not be compelled or be imp re [Ted for impressed into her Majesty's Sea Service, or the Sea Service of her Majesty's Heirs or Successors, for and e tined b during the Term of three Years, to be accounted from the Dates of the respective Indentures of such vo Anna?, C 19, luntary Apprentice or Apprentices; all which Indentures are hereby direhed to be registered, and certifi fefl. 17.' cates thereof given and transmitted by such collehor at the Paid several Ports, where such Apprentices al indentures to be ready have become so bound, or that hereafter shall so bind themselves, irr Manner and Form as afore regiftied, and p,;, }. Upon Receipt of which said several Certificates, Protections hall, from Time to Time, be made lven and given, for the said first three Years of their several respective Apprenticeships, without either See or Reward for the same.

XVI. And forasmuch as diverse disolute and idle Persons, Rogues, Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars,

notwithstanding the many good and wholesome Laws to the contrary, do continue to wander up and down, pilfering and begging through all Parts of this Kingdom, to the great Disturbance of the Peace

- C an Tranquillity of the Realm; 'For the more effectually suppressing such disorderly Persons, and to the

flurdygbeggars°ren<^ at "ey be made serviceable and beneficial to their Country; be it further enacted by the au by 39 elis thority aforesaid, That all lewd and disorderly Menservants, and every such Person and Persons, both to be taken up Men and Boys, that are deemed and adjudged Rogues, Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars (not being fe ans conveyed^Ions) by an Act of Parliament made in the nine and thirtieth Year of the Reign of the said late Queen setserviof16"*Elizabeth, for punishing of Rogues, Vagabonds, and sturdy Beggars, shall be and are hereby directed ea ervice. to a].en Up conducied, and conveyed into her Majesty's Service at Sea, or the Service at Sea of

her majesty's Heirs or Successors, by such Ways, Methods, and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as is directed for Vagrants by the said before mentioned Act of Parliament, made in the said eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the said late King William the Third, For the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them whither by Lchu ibey ought to be font.

XVII. And whereas Owners and Matters of Merchant Ships are at great Charge in educating and

bringing up the Parish Children, till they come to the Age of eighteen Years, and other voluntary Apprentices three Years, at which Time they are capable to serve in her Majesty's Ships of War; 'Be it

When such Ap enacted by the Authority aforesaid, When such Apprentices shall be imprested, or voluntarily enter thern prentices shall be solves into her Majesty's Service, the said Owners or Matters of such Apprentices, their Executors, ad ^o'hav^abb m'nistrators, or Assigns, shall be iutided to able Seamens Wages for such of their Apprentices, as Seamens Wages' shall upon due Examination be found qualified for the same, notwithstanding their Indentures of ap for them. prenticeftiip,

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Penalties and Forfeitures Penalties ami direhed by this Act, shall, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of any two or more justices of the h°w Peace, of the same County, City, Borough, or Town Corporate, be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender, which Sale shall he good in the Law against such Offender.

XIX. And whereas upon the Act of Parliament before mentioned, made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of the said late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the increase and Encouragement of Seamen; as also upon the Act of Parliament made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of the said late King William the Third, intituled An adito enforce the Act for Encouragement of Seamen, several Doubts have arose whether any disabled Seamen, their Children, or the Widows and Children of Seamen lain., killed, or drow ed in Sea Service, other than such as are expressly qualified by the said last mentioned ahs, may be admitted and provided for in Greenwich Hospital, when any Vacancies

Protections for the said 3 Years.

All lewd and disorderly Men and Boys deem

Si & 12 W. C. 18.

to be levied. W.

C zx.

UW. 3. C ly

A.D. 1703. Anno secundo Sc tertio aistn^e Reginae. C 7, 8. 145

cancies hapen thereinbe it therefore enr.sted, for the Encouragement of all Persons who do or shall serve at Sea, That at any Time hereafter, when any such Vacancy or vacancies Audi happen in the said Lord Admiral to Hospital, that the Lord High Admiral of England, or Commissioners executing the Office of Lord High appoint any dif admiral of England for the Time being, hall have full Power and Authority, and is and are hereby im 2j'le.a ^'am^'nd powered and authorised, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint anydifabled Seamen, their Wives ciindrc^&c" and Children, and the Widows and Children of Seamen lain, killed, or drowned in Sea Service, to be to t, e maintained maintained and provided for in the said Hospital, as the said Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners exe ingicenwich cuting the Office of Lord High Admiral, Aral! think fit or see Occasion; any Thing in the said two feve Hospital. ral Aids of Parliament last mentioned, or in the Letters Patents in the said Acts mentioned, contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding

And for the encouraging all such Ships or Vessels as shall be employed in bringing Coals for supplying the City of London, and other Ports of this Kingdom, at more reasonable rates than during this War they have hitherto been; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Allowances of five and twen.ieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four, there shall be allowed yeahy, du, fe ring the present War, free from impressing, to every Master of any Ship or vessel employed in the Coal in the*

Trade, beside the said Master and mailer's Mate, and Carpenter, one able Seaman for every hundred coa! Trade. Ttin in Burden, not exceeding three hundred Tuns, that such Ship or Vessel contains, which shall be made appear by a Certificate from the Customhouse of what Number of Tuns such Ship or Vessel is really of, according to the Gauges or Measures mentioned in an Act passed in the fifth and sixth Year of their late 5 & 6 W. & Majesties King William and Queen Mary, For laying a Duty on Tannage of Shipping; and if any Cape. io. tain, Lieutenant, or other Officer, hall presume to mipress or take any of the Men allowed by this Act as aforesaid, such Captain, Lieutenant, or other Officer, shall forfeit to the Master or Owner of such Ship or Vessel, ten Pounds for every Man he shall so impress or take, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no jvien so allowed. Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed. fartherprmifi

ens relating to

Seamen, 4. Ann. c. 19. 10 Ami. 17. 1 Geo. 1. c. 35. 2 Get. z. c. 7 36. 6 Geo. 2. c. 25. 8 Geo. 2. c. 29. n Geo. 2. c. 30. 13 Geo. 1. (. 3 I

h Geo. t. C 1 %. is Geo. 2. c. 31. 20 Geo. 2. c. 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 24geo. 2. C 47. 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Term of Years granted by an Act passed in the Session of Parliament, held in PR, the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William the Third, for the Repair of Dover Harbour. 11 & tz

W. 3. C 3, for the Repair of Dover Harbour, continued from 1709 to 1718. [Continued by 9 Geo. 1. c. 30. fest. X to May 1744.] Penalty on Ship sailing in or through the Gates of the Works without first taking down her Sails. No Sullage to be thrown into the Bafonof the Harbour. [Continued by 11 Geo. 2. c. 7. for 21 Years.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for the erecting a work house in the City of wcrcctur, and for setting the Poor on work there. 'explained and A Corporation to be for ever in the City oiworee/ler, to consist of the Persons hereafter expressed. How "Af rnori the Elections shall be made. Ministers to give Notice in the Church of the Day and Time of Election. X 3 eo' Benefactor may be elected a Member for one Year. In case of Death of any Person elected, a new E'5' lection to be made. In case of Deficiency in any Parish of fit Persons to be chose Guardians, the same PR' may be elected out of any other Parish. The Guardians of the Poor of the City of Worcester made for ever a Body Politic, and may purchase Lands. Officers to be elected yearly. No Officer compelled to serve longer than two Years. Treasurer to continue but for one Year. Guardians may be displaced on just Cause. A Court to be held yearly the fir{{thursday in every Month. Eleven of the Guardians to constitute a Court. The Governor may at any Time hold a Court; and at the Desire of ten of the Guardians, an extraordinary Assembly may be held. The Court may summon the Inhabitants to appear before them. Guardians may appoint a Common Seal, make bylaws, constitute Committees, and settle one or more Hospital, work house, life. Guardians to provide Materials for setting The Poor to work, and compel Beggars, C to work in such Workhouse; all Persons sent into Houses of Correftlon; and Poor Children, life. until fifteen Years old; and then bind them Apprentices for seven Years. Guardians may punish Persons in the Workhouse not conforming to the Rules thereof. A Committee ot five Guardians to be appointed for ptuiishing Offenders. Court to ascertain' the Sums needful for settling such Hospital or Workhouse, life. to be raised in two Years; and to ascertain the weekly Sums for the Maintenance and Employment of the Foor of the Hospital, life. assess the said Sums in equal Proportion, and certify the same to the Mayor and Aldermen, life. Persons unequally afleiled may appeal. In case Mayor, itfe. neglect to issue out Warrants for levying the assessments, life. Corporation may do the same. Corporation to provide for Maintenance of the Poor of the City, life. except the Poor be otherwise provided for. Corporation may examine Churchwardens, life. on Oath, grant Warrants to apprehend Rogues, Vagabonds, life. and cause them to be set to Work for 6 Months. The Corporation not to have any Power over any alms house, life, in the said City, life.

Court may choose a Clerk, and other Officers, and Servants needful; and on Death or Removal, choose others, and allow them out of the Stock. Treasurer to account yearly, and deliver over what shall be in his Hands to the succeeding Treasurer. No Person to be elected a Guardian, unless he pay6d. a Week to the Poor. Corporation may contrast with any Parish in the County for employing their VOL. IV u - — Poor.

146

9 W. 3. C 23.

3 Anna?, flat. 1 t. 7.

One other Subfi -- dy of Tunnage upon Wines imported after 8 March 1703. for three Years.

Farther continued by Anne. 6. 5 Anna?, C 19. and pcipc lu a'ed by 1 Geo. 3. flat. C 22, f. 8.*

Poundage cn all Goods imported for three Years,

Altered as to Tobacco by9geo.i.<t.2l.f.3.' Exceptions,

Drawbacks and Abatements.

Duties how to be raised, C

9 & 10 W. 3. C 23.

z Anna?, flat. I. C 7.

C 9. Anno secundo & tertio Annas Regina?. A.D. 1703.

Poor, is'e. Continuance of any poor Persons in the work house not to be deemed a Settlement. Election of a]] Officers, except Guardians, to be by Ballot. No Cloth or Stuff manufactured in the work house, to be sold by Retail in Worcester City. But may be employed for clothing the Poor of the Corporation.

CAP. IX.

An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage for three Years; and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported from the East Indies.

jtlof Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King wii.liam the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of J, even hundred thousand Potinds, for the Service of his Majests Houshold, and other Xjfcs therein mentioned, during his Majests Life, it was enacted, That over and above all Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and over andabove all additional Duties, Impositions, and other Duties whatsoever, therein mentioned, there should be raised and paid to his Majesty one other Subsidy called Tunnage, for and upon all Wines, which from and after the last Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine,

at any Time or Times during his Majesty's Life, should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and one further Subsidy called Poundage, of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes imported or brought into this Realm, or any his majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times after the said last Day of January ques thousand six hundred ninety-nine, during his Majesty's Life, by way of Merchandise (except such and Merchandizes as are therein excepted) and with such Abatements, Regulations, Directions for making Repayments or Allowances upon Exportation, and subject to such Rules and other Matters and Things touching the said several Subsidies, as in the said Act are expressed; said further Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wine, Goods, and Merchandizes, granted by the Act above recited, are to be raised and paid to your Majesty, during your Life, by virtue of another Act of Parliament made and passed in the firfb Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled An act for the better Support of her Majestys Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, as by the said Acts (Relation being thereunto severally had) may more fully appear: Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, for the better enabling your Majesty to carry on the present War, and to defray your other necessary Expenses, do cheerfully and unanimously give and grant unto your most Excellent Majesty, the additional Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confers of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That over and above the Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage abovementioned, and over and above all other Subsidies, additional Duties, Impositions, and Payments whatsoever, by any other Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise howsoever already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty for or upon any Wines, Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, imported or to be imported, there shall be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied unto her Majesty one other Subsidy called Tunnage, for and upon all Wines which from and after the eighth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, at any Time or Times within or during the Space of three Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; that is to say. One third Part of such or the like several and respective Duties, as by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are imposed or payable for or upon any Kind of Wine or Wines respectively; one other Subsidy called Poundage, of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes to be imported or brought into this Realm, or any her Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times after the said eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, during the said Term of three Years, by way of Merchandise; that is to say. One third Part of such or the like several and respective Duties, as by the said recited Acts, or either of them, are imposed or payable for or upon the same Goods and Merchandizes respectively, except such Goods and other Merchandizes as by the said Acts, or either of them, are exempted from Payment of the Subsidies thereby granted.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases whereby the said former Acts, or either of them, any Drawbacks or Abatements are to be made of the whole or any Part of the Duties thereby imposed, there shall be in the like Cases proportionable Drawbacks, and Abatements made of the whole or Part of the Duties by this Act granted respectively j and that the several Subsidies and Duties by this Act granted, during the Continuance thereof, shall he raised, collected, levied, secured, and paid, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Rules and Directions, as in and by the said Acts, or either of them, are prescribed or appointed, touching or concerning the said Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage which were thereby granted, as aforesaid; and that every Article, Rule, and Clause contained in the said recited Acts, or either of them, concerning the said Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage formerly granted, as aforesaid, and now in Force, so far forth as the same do or may relate to the Subsidies or Duties formerly granted, as aforesaid, shall be used, exercised,

147

A.D. 1703. Anno secundo & tertio Anna? Reginae. C 9.

and put in Practice for the raising, levying, collecting, and answering the Subsidies and Duties hereby before granted, as fully and effectually as if the same Articles, Rules, and Clauses, and every of them, were again particularly and at large recited and re enacted in the Body of this present Act: Except only as to such of the said Articles, Rules, and Clauses, touching which other Provisions, Alterations, or Exemptions are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being; which other Provisions Alterations, or Exemptions shall be observed with respect to the Duties hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, in the same Manner as they are to be observed with respect to the said Subsidies formerly granted, as aforesaid.

III. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That for every hundred Weight of Sugar refined in England (and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity) which shall be exported out of this Kingdom, within or during the said Term of three Years, therq shall be by this Act repaid at the customhouse to the Exporter, within one Month after the Demand thereof (over and above the Sum of three Shillings payable by the above recited Acts, or one of them) the further Sum of one Shilling, and no more: Oath being first made by the Refiner, that the said Sugar so exported was produced from brown and Muscovado Sugar, charged by this Act, and that, as he verily believes, the same was imported from her Majesty's Plantations in America, and that, as he verily believes, the Duty of the said brown and Muscovado Sugar, was duly paid at the Time of the Importation thereof, and that the same was duly exported, her Majesty's Searcher also certifying the fnipping thereof, and all other requiii as duly performed, according to the Book of Rates.'

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of her Majesty's Customs, or any of them, or any of their Clerks or Substitutes, shall not directly or indirectly receive, " take, or demand any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, from any of her Majesty's Subjects or Aliens, for any Entry, Warrant, Debenture, Certificate, Cocquet, or other Matter or Thing, to be done or performed by them, or any of them, in relation only to the said Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage herein before granted; on pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds (to wit) one Third thereof to her Majesty, and the other two Thirds thereof (besides Costs of Suit) to the Party grieved, who may sue for the same by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

V. And whereas all Wines of the Growth "or Product of France, or of any Dominions under the French King, are by several Laws and Statutes of this Realm liable to the Payment of several Duties upon the Importation thereof, and particularly by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional Ditty upon all French Goods and Merchandizes; it was enacted ('amongst other Things)

that for every Tun of French Wine imported within the Time therein mentioned, there should be paid five and twenty Pounds above the Duties before charged thereupon; but by another Act made in the eighth Year of the same King's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tannage and Poundage upon Merchandise imported, for the Term of two Tears and three Quarters, and an act ditional Land Tax for one Year, for currying on the War against France, it was provided, That nothing in the said Act of the seventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign should charge any Merchandizes of the Growth of France, which should be bona fide seized or taken, and condemned as Prize, with any further or other Duties than what they were or ought to have been charged withal, before the making of the Act last mentioned; and her Majesty by her royal Proclamation, bearing Date the first Day of June in the first Year of her Idcign, for the Encouragement of her Ships of War and priva teers, hath been pleased to subject all French Wines (amongst other Things) taken and condemned as lawful Prize, to the Payment of the Duties and Customs payable by Law, other than the said Duty

of five and twenty Pounds per Tun: 'Now her Majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, being desirous. to encourage the Trade to Portugal, and also to raise Moneys for carryingon the present War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, do further grant to her Majesty the additional Duty, herein after mentioned, upon all French. Wines to be taken and condemned, or adjudged as lawful Prize; and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Tun of any Wines of the Growth or Product of France, or of any Dominions under the French King, seized or taken, or to be seized or taken by any her Majesty's Ships, or by any Privateers, or other wile, and which at any Time or Times, during the 'Perm of three Years abovementioned, shall be. condemned or; adjudged as lawful Prize, there shall be paid to her Majesty the Sum of fifteen Pounds of lawful English) Money, over and above the Duties already charged thereupon, without Deduction, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity; the same to be raised, levied, collected, and paid to her Majesty's Ule, by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the Subsidy of Wines by this Act granted is to be raised, levied, collected, and paid, or.by deducting the, same, out of the Proceed of the respective Prizes, as the other Duties of the same Wines are directed by the said Proclamation to be deducted.

VI. And whereas several Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies or China, or of other Parts within the Limits of the Charters granted to the Companies, and other Traders who are allowed to trade to the East Indies, are not particularly rated in the Book of Rates established by Law but are by several Laws and Statutes, now in Force charged upon the Importation thereof, with several Duties to be paid according to the Values of the said Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes respectivelynow for the better securing such Duties, and ascertaining

Exception;

Drawback on Sugar refined in England, exported,

over and above the 33.

No See for Entry, C

Penalty 401#

7 W. 3. C 20.

SOUTHWEST. 3.0. 24; '

French Wine taken as Prize to pay 151. pertun, beside the former Duties.

Hqjv to be raised, C

148 C 9.

Anno secundo Sc tertio Ann, e Reginae.

A.D. 1703.

the Values, according to which such Duties hall be paid for the future, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. from and after the said eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred Unrated Goods and three, upon the Importation of any such unrated Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, of the Growth, of east india and Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies, China, or other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid - chma, b' en liable to pay Duties ad valorem, as aforesaid, by any Act or Acts of Parliament already made in that Behalf, some house'. U" during the Continuance of the same Act and Acts of Parliament, or any of them, an Entry or Entries See 11 Geo. 1. thereof shall be made, in the customhouse, where such Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes shall be im

C 7.' ported, and before the landing thereof, the Importer or Importers of the same hall give Security by Bond,

Importer to give with two or more sufficient Sureties (which the Commissioners or proper Officers of the Customs are

Security for pay*--

inp the Duties,

Ac.

(except Coffee) and for exposing them to Sale, & C

How such Goods, hall be valued,

and what Do

hereby empowered to take) for Payment of the said Duties, according to the real Values of the said Goods, to be ascertained according to this Act (except Coffee, the Duties whereof are to be regulated according to the former Acts concerning the same) as soon as the said Goods hall be sold; and also for expcfing the Goods, so imported to Sale, openly and fairly by way of Auction, or by Inch of Candle, within the City of London, within the Time of twelve Months after the Importation thereof.

VII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, that the Value of such Goods, according to which the said Duties are to be paid (except Coffee, as aforesaid) hall be reckoned according to the gross Price at which such Goods hall be so sold, making such Allowances only out of the same as are herein after mentioned; that is to say, it is hereby enacted, That out of the Values of the said Goods so to be ascertained by the Price at the Candle, as aforesaid, there hall be a Deduction and Allowance made of so

dufiicns Al much as the Net Duties, payable to her Majesty for the same Goods respectively, do amount unto (except

iowactes made, the Duty of five Pounds per Centum, payable to the Queen for the life of the said Companies) and so much as the respective Companies, or Traders aforesaid, shall bona fide allow for prompt Payment to the Persons who at such Sales hall buy the said Goods at Time: And also upon the whole Values of the said Goods so to be ascertained by the Price at the Candle, there hall be deducted and allowed six Pounds for every hundred Pounds to the said Companies and Traders respectively, for their Charges in keeping the said Goods, from the Time such Goods are imported till the Sale by the Candle, and in that Proportion for a greater or lesser Value.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such unrated Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the East Indies, China, or other the Parts within the limits aforesaid, hall be landed or put on shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before due Entry thereof be made at the customhouse in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and the said Duties hall be secured, as aforesaid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering the same, first signed by the of, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, that all such imported Goods as shall be so landed and put on {hore, or taken out of any Ship or Veiled, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of the same, hall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof (to wit) two Thirds of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors (he or they bearing the Charge of the Prosecution) and the other third Part to the Use of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, by Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed: nevertheless the said Duties so to be paid upon the Values so ascertained of the said unrated Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, and answering the same) shall be applied and disposed to the same Uses and Hurposes to which the respective Duties upon the same Goods, payable in any other Manner by any former Act or Acts, were appropriated or applicable.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases where by the said former Acts concerning the said Duties of unrated Goods or any of them, any Drawbacks or Allowances were to be made of all or any Part of the Duties, upon the Exportation thereof within the respective Time or Times thereby limited, there shall be the like Drawbacks or Allowances made of or out of the Duties of the same Goods, to be ascertained by this Act.

X. Provided also, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend to charge any Goods, or Merchandise, chargeable by this Act, imported into any Port of this Kingdom before the first: Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three.

XI. Provided also, and be it enacted, That all Persons importing any Tobacco, hereby charged with any the Duties aforesaid, hall have nine Months Time, from the Entry of the Tobacco inwards, for Payment of the Duty hereby imposed upon the same, giving Bond, with sufficient Sureties, to her Majesty for Payment thereof at the End of the said nine Months, as in like Cases is usual; in case

Sarb unrated Goods landed before due Entry,

so be forfeited, &c.

Duties how to be applied.

The like Drawbacks as by for jxur Acts.

Nine Months given for paying the Duties on Tobacco.

count cn pio^pt of prompt Payment the Importer shall have a Discount after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Payment. Annum.

XII. And for the Encouragement of the Iron Manufacture of this Kingdom; Be it further enacted by No Drawback on the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and Wares made of three, there shall not be allowed any Drawback, or Repayment of Customs, or Duties, charged in this or any former Act, upon any Wares made of wrought Iron or Steel in foreign Parts, which hall be imported into this Kingdom, and afterwards exported to any of her Majesty's Plantations in America; any Clause in this or any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And whereas the Time for Exportation of Tobacco, Sugar, Ginger, Pepper., Bugles alias

Beads, Call and Bar Iron, Dying Wood, all Dying Wares, and all Drugs, by English Merchants, in.

order to draw back, is limited to twelve Months, which by Experience is found to be too short, and

very

foreign wrought Zxodj

A. d.1703.

Anno secundo & tertio Anna; Reginae.

C 9.

'49

'vant of Mcr

1 r chante fuf*

gnth Day of ficient.

Parts within Unrated Good: it is hereby bow to be after

very inconvenient to Trade; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all English Mer >8 Monhsaft chants flail, from the said eighth Day of aparch, have eighteen Months Time from the Entry inwards of |owed^ from^ta all Tobacco, Sugar, Ginger, Pepper, Bugles alias Beads, Call and Bar Iron, all Dying Wood, Dying export' Tobacco, Wares, and all Drugs, to export the same; And shall have the like Benefit and Drawback by such Ex C nortation, as if the same had been exported within twelve Months, according to the second Rule in the 'thsfe 18 Book of Rates; the said Rule or any other Law or Custom now in Force relating thereunto not with Months eniarj j Handing: Provided Certificates be taken forth, and Oath made, and all other Requisites performed ac '°, ?coe "rsf!'jt cording to the Laws now in being.

[Proviso.]

XIV. And be it further enacted, That in all Cases where the Oath of Merchants, importing and ex porting, is by Law required to obtain any Dravvbrack or Allowance Upon the Exportation of any foreign See 8annr, Goods, the making of such Oath by die Agent or Husband of any Corporation, or Company trading by C3 2' ' a joint Stock, affirming the Truth of the Officers Certificate of the Entry and due Payment of the Du Oath of tfce ties of such foreign Goods by any such Company or Corporation; and the making of such Oath by the Agent or huf known Servant of any Merchant usually employed in the making his Entries, and paying his Customs, l£tklofa°)com" for any Goods of a Merchant so to be exported, shall be of the like effet as if the said Oaths were made p!"?'_*5/r°(ser' by any particular Merchant or Merchants themselves.

XV. And for ascertaining the Values of any unrated Goods imported before the said eig

Alard: one thousand seven hundred and three, from the East Indies and China, or any other. the Limits aforesaid, by the two Companies empowered to trade thither, or either of them; t

further enacted, That the Oath of two Directors or Members of the Committee of the said Companies shall be tamed, admitted to affirm the Value of such Goods so already imported, according to which the Duties ad valorem

for the same are to be paid; any former Act or Acts of Parliament orufage to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising by the addin Moneys arifinj onal Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage hereby granted, and by the said additional Duty, after the Rate on said dross fifteen Pounds ter Tun upon all French Wines to be condemned as lawful Prize as aforesaid, (except.ties'

the necessary Charges of raising and answering the said Subsidy and additional Duty respectively) flail 10 XC from Time to Time be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that it shall and may be Loan of lawful to and for any Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to lend 300, 0001. thereto her Majesty at the said Receipt, upon Credit of the said Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and the uf°n> said additional Duty on French Wines condemned as Prize, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of three hundred thousand Pounds; and upon another Act of this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, and 650,000l. Cyder, and Perry, for one Tear, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole six hundred and upon tnc alt fifty thousand Pounds, including all Loans made thereupon; and that all Persons who flail have lent upon nn: Bi

the said Credits, or either of them, flail have Interest for the Forbearance of their respective Loans by them made, or to be made, after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be paid every three Cent' Months from the making of such Loans, until Satisfaction of the principal Sums respectively; that s" C "': it0'an5 not no Moneys, solent or to be lent, shall be rated or assessed ±0 any Tax or assessment whatsoever; and that to be taxed, every such Lender shall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the Money by him, her, or them Tallies ofloan lent, and an Order of the same Date for re payn.ent thereof, with such Interest as aforesaid; and to bt struck>^that all such Orders shall be registered in course, according to their Dates (to wit) the Orders fr^r^rd" s to Loans on the said Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, on a Register to be kept for that Act, 'ntte and the Orders for Loans on the said Subsidy, and additional Duty, by this Act granted, on a distinct Regilier, for such Loans; and all Persons on the said respective Registers flail he paid in course, as their Payment io Orders shall stand registered; so as the Person, Native or Foreigner, his Executors, Administrators, or

Assigns, whose Order shall be first registered, shall be accounted the Person to be first paid out of the Moneys to come in by the said respective Duties whereupon the said Loans shall be made respectively; and he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in course; and that the said Moneys to come in by the said respective Monica liabis te duties, whereupon the said Loans shall be made respectively, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satis to ratify the faction of the said respective Persons, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns successively, without un L "ders. due Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and flail not be diverted or divertible to any other No Foe for re use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demand Spring, sed or taken of any her Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of her Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, by the Party offending, with full Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with Damages and Costs, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office: And if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Directions or payments m S: Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, mad? according and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Re to each p?rftn' ceipt flail not direct, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each Pljc: swi V person's due Place and Order, as afore directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, 'and the re tiu' spective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, 1

in such Manner as aforesaid: which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by

Action.

150

What shall not bi at con nlt'd undue Preference.

Orders assignable.

Clatife of Appropriation.

C g. Anno feenndo & tertio anne Regmse. A.D. 1703.

Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at jpcstminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of on.dtraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XVII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt ro be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

XVIII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay.subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders, in tfieir Course, so as there be so much Money reserved, as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is fa reserved, and kept in Bank for them.

XIX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall be due for Loans, by Virtue of this or the said former Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register, for either of the said acts as aforesaid, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Endorsement of his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the proper Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders, which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make, shall irtitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon: And such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoins, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who have or hath made such Assignments, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall be lent to her Majesty, on the Credit of the said Subsidy and additional Duty by this Act granted, and all the Moneys which are or shall be lent, contributed, or advanced to her Majesty, upon every or any other at or Afits of this Session of Parliament, for granting any Aid or Supply to her Majesty, for carrying on the present War, and other her Majesty's necessary or important Occasions, and so much of the several Taxes and Duties by this and the said other Acts, or any of them granted, as shall remain (over and above such Charges as are to be allowed for the raising of the said Taxes and Duties respectively, and over and' above the Moneys thereof, which are in the first Place to go and be applied in Repayment and Satisfaction of of all the Loans made or to be made thereupon, or upon any of them, and the Interest thereof respectively) shall be appropriated, issued and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; is to say, for or towards the defraying the Charge of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and other Services of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, and the Sea Service in the Office of the Ordinance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the Land Services, performed and to be performed by the said Office of the Ordnance; and to and for Subsistence, off reckonings, and Clearings for one Year, from the four and twentieth Day of dccanb.r one thousand seven hundred and three, to her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in England, and the Dominions thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) and the contingent Charges of the same; and for or towards the defraying the Charge of her Majesty's Army, and such Forces as are or shall be added thereunto in the Low Countries, within or for one Year, to be reckoned from the said four and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and three, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards the defraying her Majesty's Part of the Charge of the Forces acting or to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the King of Portugal, until the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and four; and for or towards the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies due, or to be due, upon Treaties made, or to be made, with her Majesty's Allies, and other Charges for the Service of the War, until the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and four; and for and towards the Payment of any Sum, not exceeding five thousand Pounds, for the Support of the Invalids; and for or towards the discharging of the Premiums, and other Charges for circulating the Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills; and for or towards the Satisfaction of the Sum, not exceeding eight hundred seventy five Pounds, to be paid without Account, and free of all Taxes, as well for the Salaries of the five Commissioners appointed by Act of Parliament for stating the Accounts of the Army, Transports, and Prizes, during the lafic War, as for incident Charges in the Execution of their Trull, for one Quarter, ending the nine and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four; and for or towards the Satisfaction of the Sum of three thousand five hundred Pounds for Salaries, and any Sum not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds for incident Charges, to be allowed without Account, and free of all Taxes, to the seven Commissioners appointed by at of Parliament for stating the Accounts of all public Adonies, and to none other Use, 1 tent or Purpose whatsoever; always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied, any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, towards the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers, raised and to be raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging: And out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the Navy and Sea Services as aforesaid, there shall be taken and applied such Sums, as, together with the said Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, shall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their

A.D. 1703. Anno secundo & tertio anne Regina. C 10, 11. 151

Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making r Anns, flat, j,

good Deficiencies, and for preferring the public Credit, several Tallies therein mentioned do amount to five C 13.

thousand and seventeen rounds nine Shillings one Penny, and the Orders thereupon for Reversions of Annuities were directed to be issued to discharge such off reckonings for Clothing, as were become due before the last Day of December one thousand six hundred ninety seven, which off reckonings being otherwise satisfied, the said Tallies and Orders do still remain in the Hands of the late Paymaster ge e neral of the Army; and by the Act last mentioned it was provided, That such Person or.performs as should receive such Debentures payable out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, as are thereby directed,

for Moneys due to any Troops or Companies (over and above what was due for the personal Pay of the Commission Officers) should give Security to the Paymaster General of double the Value thereof, and at the End of twelve Months should return unto the said Paymaster an Account upon Oath, of all the

Debentures by him or them issued in pursuance cf that Act, and returning back to the Hands of the said Paymaster such Debentures as should remain not issued out to the End of the said twelve Months in pursuance whereof several of the said Debentures have been returned, and others of them ought to be returned to the Hands of the late Paymaster General of the Army, or to the Paymaster General thereof for the fiime being, for the Public. Use and Service Now it is hereby further enacted and de Treasury to ap clared by the Authority aforesaid, That, it sin all and may be lawful to and for the Lord Pligh Treasurer of px the Tallies, England, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, to cause as well An

the said Orders and Tallies, for the said Reveifionary Annuities remaining undisposed as aforesaid; also nuitfetundifpo all and every or any the said debentures returned, or to be returned, to the said late Paymaster, or to fed of, as also the' the Paymaster General of her Majesty's Forces for the time being, pursuant to the said Securities, or Debentures realty of them, given or to be given, upon the Act last mentioned, to be issued, paid over, or applied for turn "bl« to the or towards Satisfaction of all or any Part of the Moneys due in the Reign of his late Majesty King Will ratfor satis liam the Third, to the Out pensioners of Chelfia Hospital, and such other public Debts as were in Occurred

during the last War, as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury shall Peofioocts of direct, and in such Proportions, Manner and Form, as to him or them shall teem meet. Chelsea Hospital,

C

CAP. X

An Act to enlarge the Time for the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, to make the Payments 1 Ann, flat. 2. of their Purchase Money. Times allowed to the Purchasers of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, who C u, have paid one third Part of their Purchase Money, for Payment of the Residue. On nonpayment at 11 3- C

rhofe Times, Conveyance to be void. All unsatisfied Debentures to be registered.

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the making more effectual her Majesty's gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her Majesty to grant in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose.

WHEREAS at a Parliament held in the six and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Henry 26 H. S. C 3; the Eighth, the First fruits, Revenues and Profits for one Year, upon every Nomination or Appointment to any Dignity, Benefice, Office or Promotion Spiritual, within this Realm, or eifie where within the said King's Dominions, and also a perpetual yearly Rent or Pension, amounting to the Value of the tenth Part of all the p.evenues and Profits belonging to any Dignity, Benefice, or Promotion Spiritual whatsoever, within any Diocese of this Realm, or in Hales, were granted to the said

King fir.nry the Eighth, his Heirs and Successors; and 'diverse other Statutes have since been made6 H. s. C 17.

touching the First fruits and annual Tenths of the Clergy, and the ordering thereof: And whereas s7 H s C 3

a sufficient settled Provision for the Clergy, in many Parts of this e.ealm, hath never yet been made, C 2Z'

by reason whereof diverse mean and stipendiary Preachers are in many Places entertained to serve the^£ 3 7'K< s ' ' Cures, and officiate there; who depending for their necessary Maintenance upon the goodwill and C i7.

Liking of their Hearers, have beer., and are thereby under Temptation of too much complying and 2 & 3 Ed. 6.

Kiting their Doctrines and leaching to the Humours rather than the Good of their Hearers, which C f'

hath been a great Occasion of Faction and Schism, and Contempt of the Ministry: forasmuch as j 'cc'4"

your Majesty, taking into your princely and serious Consideration the mean and insufficient Mainte*24. C nance belonging to the Clergy in diverse parts of this your Kingdom, has been most graciously pleased, 6 Ann. C 27.

out of your most religious and tender Concern for the Church of England (whereof your Majesty is the 1 Geo. 1. c. 10.

only supreme Head on Earth) and for the poor Clergy thereof, not only terremit the Arrears of your 3 gcj 11 C I ' Tenths due from your poor Clergy, but also to declare unto your most dutiful and loyal Commons your royal Pleasure and pious Desire, that the whole Revenue arising from the First fruits ani Tenths of the Clergy might be settled for a perpetual Augmentation of the Maintenance of the said Clergy, in Places where the same Is not already sufficiently provided for: 'We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled, to the End that your majesty's mill gracious Intentions may be made effectual, and that the Church may receive so great and lulling an Advantage from your majesty's parting with so great a Branch of your Revenue, towards the better Provision

1§2 C 11.

Anno secundo & tertio Ann Reginae. A.D. 1703.

for the Clergy not sufficiently provided for: and to the Intent your majesty's singular Zeal for the Support of the Clergy, and the Honour, Interest, and future Security of the Church, as by Law established, may be perpetuated to all Ages, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the The Queen may Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority" eroa of the same. That it shall and may be lawful for the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by her Letters Pa

ordhem and tents under the Great Seal of England, to incorporate such Persons as her Majesty shall therein nominate their successors, or appoint, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, to have a common Seal, and perpetual succeltion; the First fruits and also at her Majesty's Will and Pleasure, by the same, or any other Letters Patents, to grant, limit and Tenths, for or settle, to or upon the said Corporation, and their Successors for ever, all the Revenue of First fruits, the^main^unce an Yea, A perpetual Tenths of all Dignities, Offices, Benefices, and Promotions Spiritual whatsoever, o/tlaneaner H to applied and disposed of, to and for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of such Parsons, Vicars, Curates, and Ministers, officiating in any Church or Chapel within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, where the Liturgy and Rites of the Church of England, as now by Law established, are or shall be used and observed, with such lawful Powers, Authorities, Directions, Limitations and Appointments, and under such Rules and Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form, as shall be therein expressed; the Statute made in the first Year of her said majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majestf s Hmjhold, and of the Elonour and Dignity of the Crown, or any other Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That all and every the Statutes and Provisions, touch

relating to First png or concerning the ordering, levying, and true answering and Payment, or Qualification of the said tenthsto con f"ru'ts and Tenths, or touching the Charge, Discharge, or Alteration of them, or any of them, or

tinue in force." any Matter or Thing relating thereunto, which were in Force at the Time of making this Act, shall bey

remain and continue in their full Force and Effect, and be observed and put in due Execution according to the Tenors and Purports of the same, and every of them, for such Intents and Purposes nevertheless, as shall be contained or directed in or by the said Letters Patents.

III. Provided also, That this act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend to avoid, or any way to impeach or affecc any Grant, Exchange, Alienation, or Encumbrance, at any Time heretofore

Clergy.

By 3 Geo. i. C 10, a Collector is to be appointed.'

1 Anna?, flat. 1* C 7.

All Statutes,

act not to avoid any Grant, C heretofore made of any the said Revenues,

made, of or upon the said Revenues of First fruits and Tenths, or any Part thereof; but that the same shall, during the Continuance of such Grant, Exchange, Alienation, or Encumbrance reflectively, be and remain nf and in fnrh Fnrre and Vlrfue and no other, to all Intents and Purposes, as if this act

give Lands, Tenement, or Goods, C to the said cora jfction,

and remain of and in such Force and Virtue, had not been made.

IV. And for the Encouragement of such well disposed Persons as shall, by her Majesty's Royal Example, be moved to contribute to so pious and charitable a Purpose, and that such their Charity may be rightly applied; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, having in his or their own Right any Estate or interest in Possession, Reversion, or Contingency, of or in any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or any Property of or in any Goods or Chattels, shall have full Power, Licence and Authority, at his, her and their Will and Pleasure, by Deed enrolled, in such Manner, and within such Time, as is directed by the Statute made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign

2.7 H. 8. C 16. of King Henry the Eighth, for Inrolment of Bargains and Sales, or by his, her, or their last Will or i'etions may Testament in writing, duly executed according to Law, to give and grant to, and vest in the said corpse" poration, and their successors, all such his, her or their Estate, Interest or Property in such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, Goods and Chattels, or any Part or Parts thereof, for and towards the Augmentation of the Maintenance of such Ministers as aforesaid, officiating in such Church or Chapel, where the Liturgy and p ites of the said Church are or sir all be soused or observed as aforesaid, and having no settled competent Provision belonging to the same, and to be for that Purpose applied according to the Will of the said Benefactor, in and by such Deed enrolled, or by such Will or Testament executed as aforesaid, expressed: in Default of such Direction, Limitation or Appointment, in such Manner as by her Majesty's Letters Patents shall be directed or appointed as aforesaid. And such Corporation, and their Successors, shall have full Capacity and Ability to purchase, receive, take, hold and enjoy, for the Purposes aforesaid, as well from such Persons as shall be so charitably disposed to give the same, as from all other Persons as shall be willing to sell or aliene to the said Corporation any Ma ners. Lands, Tenements, Goods or Chattels, without any Licence or Writ of Ad quod Damnum, the Statute of Mortmain, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided always, That this Add or anything therein contained shall not extend to enable any Person or Persons, being within Age, or of Non sane Memory, or Women Covert, without their Husbands, to make any such Gift, Grant or Alienation; anything in this act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

VI. And whereas four Bonds for four half yearly Payments of the First fruits, as the same are rated,

and also a fifth bond for a further Value or Payment, in respect of the fa tie First fruits, have been rg quired and taken from the Clergy, to their great and unnecessary Burden and Grievance For Remedy thereof be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, one Bond only shall in such Case be given or required for the four Payments of the said First fruits: Which said First fruits, as well as the Tenths payable by the Clergy, shall hereafter be answered and paid by them according to such Rates and Proportions only as the same have heretofore been usually rated and paid: And no such fifth Bond already given shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of March' in the Year one thousand seven hundred and four, be ftied or recovered.

er sell or aliene any Manors, Lands, C

Persons excepted from iva king Aach gjusj cone

Bond ort!y to be taken for the four pay jnents of the Fruits

A.D. 1703.

C 12 — 14. 153

Anno secundo & tertio Ann Regins.

CAP. XII.

An act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and four, notwithstanding the

month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid. Militia Forces may be drawn out into actual Service

any Time before 24 June 1705. notwithstanding the one month's Pay formerly advanced be net repaid.

EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An act for prolonging the Time by an al of Parliament made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for importing Thrown Silk of the Growth of Sicily, from Leghorn.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt.

WHEREAS great Sums of Money are paid out of her Majesty's Duties upon Salt, on account f Debentures for Salt shipped to be exported to foreign Parts; and it is found by Experience,

that great Part of the Salt, for which such Debentures have been paid, hath been fraudulently landed on the cords of England, and Wales, and not exported to any foreign Parts, or having been actually landed in Ireland, or other Places out of England and Wales, have been shipped off again from thence, and fraudulently brought into England or Wales; by which evil Practises her Majesty's said Duties are very much lessened in the Produce thereof, and the Salt Makers, who pay their full Duties, are very much prejudiced and discouraged in their Trade, by reason they cannot sell their Salt in Places which are supplied with Salt run as aforesaid* for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That no Salt whatsoever, being of the Produce or Manufacture of England, Wales, Berwick upon Tweed, Scotland, or Ireland, nor any other Salt coming from Ireland, Scotland, or the Isle of Man, shall, after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and four, be imported or brought into any Port or Place within England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, nor be taken out of any Ship or Vessel, nor put on shore within any of the said Ports or Places, upon Pain that all the Salt so imported or brought in, taken out of any Ship or Vessel, or landed or put on shore, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Add, shall be forfeited and lost; and that the Ship or Vessel in which any such Salt shall be so imported or brought in, or out of which any such Salt shall be taken or put on shore, together with all her Tackle and Apparel, shall also be forfeited and lost:; and every Person that shall take any such Salt out of any such Ship or Vessel, or carry the same on shore, or convey the same from the shore when landed, or be aiding or assisting the rein, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence, or suffer six Months Imprisonment.

II. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Officers for the said Duties upon Salt, at any Time within two Months after the Importation or Landing any such Salt, and not afterwards, to seize the Salt so imported or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, or landed or put on shore, or conveying from the shore; and also the Ship or Vessel in which such Salt was imported, together with all her Tackle and Apparel: And in case the Owner of such Salt or Ship shall not, within twenty Days after such Seizure, claim the Salt and Ship so seized, and also give sufficient Security to answer the Value thereof; then and in every such Case, the Salt and Ship, with all her Tackle and Apparel, shall be sold to the best Advantage.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to any Salt which shall be shipped, to be carried Coastwise, by Certificate from one Port to another in England, wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, according to the Directions of the former Acts relating to the said Duties.

IV. Provided also, That in case where any Salt shall have been entered and shipped to be exported to foreign Parts, according to the Directions of the former Acts in that Behalf, and the Ship or Vessel, laden with such Salt, shall by Stress of Weather, Enemies, or other unavoidable Necessities, be forced into any Port or Place within England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Owner of such Salt, or Master of such Ship, within twenty Days after her coming into such Port, to reland the said Salt, so as due Entry be made, and the Duties again paid down for the whole quantity of Salt that was entered to be exported, before any Part thereof shall be relanded, and not otherwise; thing in this Act'or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. Provided also, That in case where any Fisherman shall have taken any Salt on board his Boat or Vessel from any Part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for the salting of Fish at Sea, it shall and may be lawful for any such Fisherman to bring in and land any such Salt so taken on board, so as Oath be made before the Landing thereof (which Oath the Officer for the said Duties hath hereby Power, and is hereby directed to administer, without Fee or Charge) that the particular Quantity of Salt, so to be landed, was taken on board from some Part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and at what Place it was taken on board, and that no Part thereof was taken out of any Ship or Vessel at Sea; any tiling in this Act or any other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That in case where any Ship or Vessel shall come into any Port of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, from Ireland, or any other foreign Part, having on board any Quantity of Salt, which was taken in only for the necessary Provisions of the Ship for such Voyage, or for curing of Fish, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master of such Ship or Vessel to land the said Salt, so as Entry

fych Entries by 5 Geo.

13 & 14 Car. 2. C 3.

2 W. & M. it. 1. C 9.

I Annae, flat. t C 28.

s rr.&it. C 7.

No Salt coming from Ireland, Scotland, or the Isle of Man, to be imported. C Further provisions for this Purpose by 5 Geo. 1. c. 1$. f. 2.3.* Forfeiture.

Salt so imported may in two Months after be seized;

the Ship; and if not claimed in 20 Days ihay be sold.

Salt carried Coastwise excepted.

Salt forced into any Port by Stress of Weather, C maybe re landed.

Fisherman may land Salt taken on board for salting Fish, on Oath made, C

Allowance of Salt for ship's Provision, or for curing Fish, C ' What fork ited upon negveft of I. C i3. 1*. is.'

I

154 C 14.'

Anno secundo & tertio anne Regime. A.D. 1703.

No Salt to be brought out of Scotland by Land, into England. Penalty.

Salt Officers to seize such Salt, C

5 W. Sc MC 7. f. 11.

Penalty on Salt Canier carrying Salt without a Permit.

Farther pro vifrons relating hereto by 5 Anna?, C zq, f. 16.*

Salt exported to Scotland, the Isle of Man, or jersey and guern f^y, in tit led to a Drawback.

Salt ffiipped for Exportation, and perishing in Port, by thf sinking of the Ship, See,

fwte one thousand seven hundred and four, as alt without a Warrant or Permit for carrying deliver Salt without Notice first given, shall

proprietor to buy the like Quantity, Duty Iree.

[General issue.]

[Double Costs.]

be made thereof within ten Days after his first coming into such Port, and the Duties paid down or f " cured for the same, before the same, or any Part thereof, shall be landed or taken out of any such Ship or vessel, in the same Manner as the Duties of foreign Salt imported are to be paid dr secured; anything in this Add or any other Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and four, no Salt shall be brought out of Scotland by Land, into any Parts England, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or Precincts thereof, on Pain of forfeiting the Sale so brought into any of the said Places, and twenty shillings a Bushel, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any of the Officers for the Duties upon Salt, to seize any Salt so brought into any of the said Places, and to apprehend the Person and Persons who shall bring in the same, and to carry him, her, or them before any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace near the Place where such Seizure shall be made; and if, upon full Proof of the Fact, such Offender shall not pay down the said Penalties by this Act imposed, such Justice shall commit such Offender to the next Gaol, there to remain for the Space of six Months without Bail or Mainprize.

VIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and Advantages, in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds, io wards carrying on the War agai jl France; it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Salt shall be delivered from any Salt Works or Pits, without Notice first given to the Officer appointed for that Purpose, upon Pain of Forfeiture of the Salt so delivered, and upon Pain of twenty Pounds to be for

by the Owner or Owners of the Salt Works or Pits, where such Salt shall he delivered: And whereas several Salt Makers have been, and others may be, subjected to the said Penalties of twenty Pounds, by the evil Practises of Salt Carriers, and others, who convey Salt from the Salt Works with out a Warrant or Permit for conveying the same; 'For jireventing whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of well the Carrier, or Person who shall carry or convey any the same, as the Proprietor of the Salt Works, who shall forfeit the said Sum of twenty Pounds.

IX. And whereas in and by the said Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary, and by several other Acts relating to the said Duties upon Salt;

£ it is amongst other V hings provided, That any Person, who shall export beyond the Seas any Salt, as

well foreign as English, or any Rock Salt, shall, upon a Debenture made out according to the Direc tion of the said Acts, be repaid the Duties of such Salt so exported: And whereas some Doubts and '.controversies have been made, whether Salt shipped and exported to Scotland, the Isle of Man, or the

Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, be an Exportation of Salt within the Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, so as to entitle the Exporter to a Drawback of the Duties of the Salt so exported For preventing of all such Controversies and Disputes, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it was and is the Intent and Meaning of the said Acts, that any Person exporting any Salt to Scotland, the Isle of Man, or the Islands of Jersey and Guernsey, according to the Directions of the said Acts, is and shall be intituled to a Drawback of the Duties of the Salt so exported, and shall be repaid the same, in such Manner, and under such Conditions, as are directed and required by the said Acts, in case of the Exportation of Salt to any other foreign Parts; anything in the said Acts or any other Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Salt or Rock Salt (the Duties whereof shall have been paid or secured to be paid, according to the Direction of the former Laws, relating to the said Duties on Salt) shall from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and four, be shipped or laid on board any Ship or vessel, in any Port, River, or Place within this Kingdom of England, or the Dominion of Wales, or Town of.berwick upon Tweed, in order to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, or be carried Coastwise; and the said Salt or Rock Salt, so shipped or laid on board, shall happen to perish by the sinking of the Ship or vessel, on which the Tame shall be shipped or laid on board, before the said Ship or vessel shall go out of such Port or Place, and before the Exporter of such Salt shall be entitle I to a Drawback or Allowance of the Duties thereof; then and in such Case the Exporter or Proprietor of the said Salt or Rock Salt, so perished, shall, upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace, at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, City, Riding, Division, or Place next to the Place where the said Salt or Rock Salt shall so perish, of the Loss of the Salt or Rock Salt so shipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate, that such Proof was made before them, and upon producing the said Certificate to any of her Majesty's col ledtors or Officers appointed to collect the said Duties on Salt, the said Collectors and Officers are hereby required to let the said Exporter or Proprietor buy the like Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt, as is expressed in the said Certificate to be so perished, without paying to her Majesty any Duty of Excise for the same, in the same Manner as if such Salt or Rock Salt had so perished going Coastwise from one Port of England to another.

XI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, lie or they shall or may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence for his Defence; and if upon a Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuit, discontinue, or forbear prosecuting the said Actions, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have double Costs to

i hitv

A.D. 1703. Anno secundo & tertio Ankle Reginae. C 14.

him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Cods he shall have such Remedy, as in other Cases where Cods are by Law given to Defendants.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Penalties and Forfeitures, hereby given and imposed, shall be recovered and levied by the same Ways, Means and Methods, as any Penalties and Forfeitures can or may be recovered and levied by any of the Laws of Excise, or by Aitiou of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Eifoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and that the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be distributed in manner following (to'wit) one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue or inform for the same.

XIII. And whereas it is found by Experience, that great Quantities of Fish, which have been cured

at Sea, or in Ireland, or other Parts not within England, ivales, or Berwick upon Tweed, with Salt, for which the Duties have not been answered and paid, have been imported or brought into England, Wales, ' or Berwick upon Tweed, by which Prailice her Majesty, and the English Fishery, are very much pre

Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fird Day of June one thousand seven hundred and four, no Herrings, Pilchards, Scads, Codfish, Ling, Hake, Salmon, or dried red Sprats whatsoever, or by whomsoever caught or cured, shall be imported, brought in, or landed within England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, unless the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish, or the Mader of the Vedel, shall make Oath before the Officer for the said Duties on Salt, in the Port or Place where such Fish shall be imported, brought in, or landed (who shall administer the same without Fee or Charge) that all the Salt wherewith the said Fish was cured, was laden or put on board from same Part of England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and when and where the same was so put on board, and that no Drawback or Allowance, or Debenture for the same, hath to his Knowledge or Belief been had or obtained upon the Exportation or carrying out of the said Salt, or any Part thereof, or is intended to be had or obtained on account of such Exportation; upon Pain of forfeiting such Fish that shall be imported, brought in, or landed contrary to the Intent and Meaning hereof, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

XIV. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall extend to prohibit the importing and landing any Codfish, Ling, or Hake, which have been caught and cured at Newfoundland or Ifeland, so as Oath be first made before the landing thereof by the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish, or the Master of the Vessel, before the Officer for the said Duties, in the Port or Place where such Fish shall be imported, brought in, or landed (who shall administer the same without Fee or Charge) that all the Fish so imported came from Newfoundland or Ifeland, and were caught and cured there, and so as the said Fish be at the landing thereof, and before the same be removed from the Shore, tendered to the Officer of the Port for the said Duties, to have Part of the Tail of every such Codfish, Ling, or Hake cut off, that no Allowance for such Fish be obtained upon Exportation; and the said Officer is hereby empowered and required to cut off Part of the Tail of all such Fish on the Importation thereof: And in case any such Fish shall be landed before the same shall be tendered to the Officer, to have Part of the Tail cut as aforesaid, all the Fish, so imported and landed, shall be forfeited, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Queen, the other Moiety thereof to him or them who shall prosecute or sue for the same.

XV. And whereas the Proprietors who have given Securities at their worj's or Pits for the Duty of Salt or Rock Salt bought of them, do often suffer Damage by Frauds committed in the Exportation without their Privity For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Salt or Rock Salt shall, after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and four, be entered, and Security shall be given for the Duties, and certified to the Officer, according to the former Laws relating to the Duties on Salt, no such Salt or Rock Salt shall afterwards be entered for Exportation by any person or Persons, not bound in the Security first given as aforesaid, until such Person or Persons, Co exporting such Salt or Rock Salt, shall give or find sufficient Security for the Dudes thereof (which the Officer for the said Duties at the Port where the same is so entered for Exportation is hereby required to take); and the same Officer shall deliver gratis, and without delay, a Certificate of such new Security taken, and upon producing such Certificate to the Officer of the Place where the Duty of the said Salt, was first secured to be paid, such first Security shall be discharged.

XVI. And whereas by several Leases, Grants, or Contracts, made before the sixth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety three, certain Rents payable in Salt were reserved, granted, or agreed to be paid out of or for diverse Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments; and it is evident that the im posing the present Duties on Salt, finee the making the said Leases, Grants, or Contrails, doth in Ef ' left increase the said Rents, and make them more burdensome to the Persons liable thereunto it is therefore enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That when the Owners, Proprietors, and Tenants of such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, so charged by any Leases, Grants, or Contrails, made before the Time aforesaid, do from and after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and three, pay or deliver any such Rent in Salt, the Person or Persons, who shall receive theiame, shall be obliged by this Act to pay to him or them, who shall make such Payments of Salt in kind, so much Money as the Duty and Duties paid or payble to her Majesty for the same Salt, by any Act or Acts of Parliament made ftnee the said sixth Day of November one thousand six hundred ninety three, do amount unto.

*55

Penalties and Forfeitures how to be recovered

No Herrings, Pilchards, Scads Codfish, Ling, Hake, Salmon, C hall be imported or landed, unless Oath be made, that the Salt wherewith such Fish was cured, was laden from England, &c. and no Drawback allowed on Exportation, Sex:. Penalty. Newfoundland or Ifeland Fish, excepted.

Part of the Tail of such Fish to be cut off. Penalty on landing the same before Tender thereof made.

Provision is made by Annie 4 C 12. §. 12. for Codfish, C imported from the North Sea

Where Salt is entered, and the Duties secured, no such Salt hal! afterwards be entered for Exportation by any Person not bound in the first Security, till Security given fer the Dudes, C

Tenants paying their Rent in Salt, to be allowed so much as the Duty comes 10.

*54*6

Guernsey Bay

per Annum, No Drawback allowed.

C 15. Anno secundo & tertio Anna, Reginae. a.d.1703.

XVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful, during the present Salt maybe im \, yarj (0 fering in Bay Salt of the Produce of the Island of Guernsey, upon paying the same, and no higher' War, noiexceed ?r ot^er Duty, than what is or shall be laid upon Salt made in England, and so as the same Salt so to be iag4000 Bushels imported shall be imported in the Ports of Yarmouth in Norfolk, Portsmouth, Plymouth, and Falmouth, or any of them, and shall not exceed in the whole four thousand Bushels in any one Year, so as due Entry (according to the Law) be made of the same, for which Salt no Drawback shall be allowed upon the Exportation thereof; anything in this present Act, or any other Act, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas diverse Merchants, and other Persons, being Subjects of this Realm of England,

do ship Salt that, hath paid the Duty to her majesty, to convey it to some Part of England, and the same or Part thereof may be lost at Sea, by violent or stormy Weather, or by being thrown over board for preserving Mens Lives, or the Vessel in which such Salt is shipped, as aforesaid Be it therefore enacted Salt lost at Sea by by tjjg Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred stormy Weather, anj four; such Case any Merchant or Person, Owner of the said Salt, shall, upon Proof made (by the Owner? to buy Oaths of two or more credible Witnesses, whereof the Mailer or Mate of the Vessel to be one, before the the same Quanti Justices of the Peace, at the Quarcer semons held for the County, Riding, Division, or Town wherein tics so loft, with he doth inhabit, in open Court of the Loss of such Salt so shipped, and that the same was not occasioned out paying Duty. 'dy any Leekage of the Ship or Vessel, or by any Negligence or Default of the Master or Mariners, receive Tuis Privilege from the said Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them, and upon producing the said o nc Certificate to any of the Officers appointed to collect the Duties on Salt, the said Officer or Officers are to^ally&nimintv hereby required to let such Persons buy the like Quantity of Salt, as is expressed in the Certificate to be in general.' lost, without paying to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, any Duty or Excise for the same; anything in this Act or any other Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Two Ships with '

XIX. And whereas in the late violent Storms, which happened in the Months of November and De '

Salt clove into cember one thousand seven hundred and three, two Vessels laden with Salt from Newcastle to the Humber, Holland by Surfs were by Strcfs of Weather blown into Holland, and the Matters did there unlade and fell the said Salt \ the Salt there^therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that upon Proof made thereof, upon the Oath of two fold, credible Witnesses, the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Salt shall be intituled to the Drawback upon

Proprietors inti the same, as if the said Salt had been entered for exportation into Parts beyond the Seas; anything in this' tied to the Draw or any former Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

kacfc' " '

XX. And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty it is enacted.

That 110 Rock Salt whatsoever shall be refined or made into White Salt in any Place or Places whatsoever, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except in such Places as are or shall be within ten Miles Distance of the respective Pit or Pits, from whence such Rock Salt shall be taken, or at such Places as, on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and two, shall have been used for the refining Rock Salt, under a penalty therein expressed: ' whereas Lawn Marsh in the County of Carmarthen hath been an ancient Place used for making Salt from Seawater; and upon several Occasions Rock Salt is very useful to (Lengthen the Brine in tyre said Work, when weakened by fresh Water, or other Accidents; but the proper Use of the said Salt Work

not being for the refining Rock Salt, it hath been doubted whether Rock Salt might be there used For preventing such Doubts for the future be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Rock Salt may be soused in the making Salt from seawater in the Salt Works at Lawn Marsh aforesaid; mirfh.so as the thing in the said Act or in any other law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding; so as her Majesty's Duties be paid. Duties for all the Salt proceeding as well from the said Rock Salt, as from the seawater, be duly farther provirum charged, answered, and paid to her Majesty's Use.

concerning Salit

4. Ana. C 12. 5 Ann. C 29. 6 Ann. C 12.9 Ann, C 23, II. Ann. ft. 2. C 2. 5 Geo. 1. c. 18. 8 Geo. I. C 4 16. XI Geo. 1. c. 30. 3 Geo 2*

£. 20. 5 Geo. 2. C d, 8 Geo. 2. c. 12. x4 Geo. 2. C iz. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 32.

I Ann, flat. 1. C 2.1. see. 10.

which is explained e /> 8 Geo. 2. c. 4

'Rock Salt maybe used in ma king Salt at Lawn

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better and more regular paying and assigning the Annuities after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, payable to several Bankers, and other Patentees, or those claiming under them.

WHEREAS y an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of our late Sove. tz Vt. 3. C zz.£ reign Lord King William the Third (of Glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for appropriating three thousand seven hundred Pounds weekly out of certain Branches of Excise, for public Uses, and for making 4 " a Provision for the service of his Majesty's Houshold and Family and other his necessary Occasionsj It was amongst other Things enacted, That in lieu and discharge of certain perpetual annual Payments, and of all Arrears thereof, granted by his late Majesty King Charles the Second to the respective Patentees therein named, the Hereditary Revenue of Excise, in the said Act mentioned, should from and after the twenty sixth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, be and stand charged for ever with the Payment of annual Sums after the Rate of three pounds centum per Annum, for the princi pal Sums mentioned in the said respective Letters Patent, to be issued and paid out of the said Revenue,

4 by quarterly Payments, out of the Receipt of the Exchequer, by the Officers of the same, unto the re lpeftive Owners and Proprietors of the several annual Sums, and to their Heirs and Assigns for ever,

without any further or other Warrant, to be sued for, had, and obtained in that Behalf; the said annua!

3 ' Payments,

A.D. 1703. Anno fecundosc tertio Anna Regime. C i63 17. 157

Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum, to be subject nevertheless to be redeemed, on Payment of a Moiety of the principal Sums mentioned in the said respective Letters Patent,: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act i Anns, flat, i,

for the better Support of her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, it is (amongst C 7.

other Things) enacted, That from and after the Expiration of the Term of five Years therein mention C ed, so much Money as, together with the said Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, should make up the Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds for every Week, during her Majesty's Life, should and might be taken out of the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, and out of the Duties of Excise thereby granted for her Majesty's Life, and either or any of them; and the said Payments, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, being deducted out of the Hereditary Part thereof, the Refrdue of the said three thousand seven hundred Pounds a Week should be applied and disposed of to and for the public Use and Service: And whereas by an Act of this present Session of

Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aiel to her Majesty for carrying on the ivar, and other herl & Annar,

Majesty's Occafmn, by selling Annuities at several Rales, and for such respective Terms and estater, as are C

therein mentioned. It is (amongst other Things) enacted, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, the said full, clear, and

£ entire weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds out of all the Moneys arising by the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, and by the said Duties of Excise payable during.her majesty's Life,

and by every and any of them, according to thetenour and Direction of the Act of Parliament above recited in that Behalf; and from and after her Majesty's Decease, then the like, full, clear,

entire, and weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, of lawful English Money, out of all the Moneys to arise by the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, and every or any of them, from Time to Time for ever, shall be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer; and that out of the Moneys of the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, arising in or by 'such weekly Payments at the Exchequer, as aforesaid, the said animal Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, pre

feribed by the said Act, made in the Parliament held in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, shall be satisfied and paid, according to the Directions therein 12 W. 3. C 12.

contained, and subject to the Power of Redemption therein mentioned, as by the said several Acts, Re ' These Annoi lation being thereunto had, more at large may appear Now for the better and more regular pay ^hesouth ing and assigning the said. Annuities, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, be it Sea Stock.' U enacted, tic. 6gsc. 1.5, 4.

"Auditor to certify to the Lord Treasurer the Names of Persons intituled to Annuities at 3 /. per Centum "per Annum. Every Person to have a Warrant for Payment. Payments to be made quarterly. Orders "to be signed by the Lord Treasurer, tic. Annuities may be assigned or devised, and not revocable, so "as Entry be made thereof. Annuities free from Taxes, and to be as a personal Estate, and not defeend "able to Heir. Officers in the Exchequer to take 2 d. in the Pound. Peirfons intitled to Annuities in "Right of their Wives, not to dispose of such Annuities, unless the Wife be a Party to the Assignment "

"Annuities may be comprehended in one Order, and reduced into one Yearly Sum."

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the Discharge out of Prison such info)vent Debtors as shall serve or procure a Person to serve, 1 Annx, flat. 1. in her Majesty's Fleet or Army. Justices of Peace, on Petition of poor Prisoners for Debt, may sum C5 mon the Creditors before them, and also the Gaoler. Prisoner to take an Oath. Creditor tofiiewejip' cause why Prisoner should not be discharged. In case Prisoner be detained, Creditor to allow him 4 d. per Day, and if no Estate appear in three Months, Justices may discharge the Person of Prisoner, but the Debt not thereby discharged, and Judgement against Prisoners Lands, tie. to stand good. Persons discharged, and again arrested, on showing a Duplicate of their Discharge shall again be discharged.

Person of Prisoner for ever free. Penalty on Sheriff, tic. disobeying Justices Summons. Prisoners before Discharge shall declare on Oath what Effects or Debts are belonging to them. A Schedule thereof to be made. Creditors may sue for such Debts in prisoner's Name. Persons discharged, freed from Chamber Rent and gaoler's Sees, tic. Prisoners Wearing Apparel, Tools in Trade, not liable to Attachment. No Person to be discharged who is indebted more than 100l. to one Person: Nor from his Imprisonment, unless he lift himself in the Queen's Service, or procure one in his Stead.

Penalty, on Persons. of wilful Perjury.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the better charging several Accountants with Interest Moneys by them received

and to be received.

WHEREAS by an Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the 12 W. 3. C u. ' Vy Third, for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first ex rq/8 traction, and for continuing several Duties therein mentioned, Provision is made, that the respective E xf>*

Treasurers of the Navy, and Paymasters of the Land Forces, and the Officers in the subordinate Offices therein mentioned, should be chargeable with the intereflmonies by them or their Agents respectively t received upon Tallies and Orders for Moneys imprested to them severally, during the late War against

France,

j Anna?, flat, I C 13.

s3. & 13 W'. 3. t. 3.

Action may be pi ofecuted against any Officer of the Revenue, cr any other Place of public Trust, for any Misdemeanour, &c.

No such Action to be stayed on Pretence of Privil

Act nor to subject the Per Tonne of Peer to Imprisonment:

Nor Member of the House of Commons.

Fart hi rprtmijtons concerning Parliament, 6 Ann, C 7 & 23.

9 Ann, C 5.

10 Ann. C 19

13. 1 Geo. 1. C

Jg Geo. 2. c. 28

C 18. Anno feenndo & tertio annje Reginae. A.D. 1703.

France, or at any Time before the making of the said Act, in the Manner and Form thereby prescribed;

and that every such Charge should be examined by the Entries and Vouchers in the.receipt of the Exchequer, before the respective Account or Accounts of the said Treasurers, Paymasters, or other Offi cers should be declared; and by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An Attfor making good Defciencies, and for preserving the public Credit, It was enacted, That the respective Accounts' ' of any the said Treasurers, Paymasters, or other Officers, of the Moneys by them received for the Ser ' vice of the said Navy, Forces, and for Services in the said subordinate Offices, should and might be declared and finished, according to the ancient Usage and Methods of the Exchequer, so as before the declaring of the last Accounts of the Moneys by them severally received, as aforesaid, for the said respective Services, all the said Interest Moneys be duly examined and charged, as the said former Act directed, as by the said several Acts may more fully appear: And whereas it appears, that the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer doth or can charge Accountants, as aforesaid, with Interest Moneys by them or their Agents received, upon Tallies or Orders that are satisfied and discharged in the said Re ' ceipt; but it is difficult to charge such Accountants with Interest Money upon such of the said Tallies or Orders, as are Handing out and unsatisfied; and it is utterly impossible for him to charge upon such Accountants the Interest hereafter to be paid upon any such unsatisfied Tallies and Orders, '4 until the Principal thereupon comes in course of Payment, and the said Tallies and Orders, be brought to the said Receipt to be discharged; and it will be a great Detriment to her Majesty's 4 Service, in case the final Accounts of the said respective Treasurers, Paymasters, and other fub ordinate Officers (which contain large Sums of Money, and may have many Supers depending the re upon) should be deferred until all the said Orders and Tallies be fully discharged To obviate which Mischief, be it enacted, &c. t

Auditor to proceed in examining the several Interest Accounts pursuant to the Act 12 & 13 W. 3. C n. 44 and surcharge the Interest Moneys omitted. Lord Treasurer, &c. on such Charge may proceed in finishing the Accounts of the Treasurers and Paymasters of the Navy, Forces, &c. Auditor to examine the accountant's Interest Accounts, and certify the Sums which ought to be surcharged for Interest Money. Certificate a legal Charge against such Accountant. In Case it appears that Interest "charged on accountant's was paid over to Creditors, &c. Accountant to be allowed for so much. Salaries of the Army Commissioners to be made without Account.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the further Explanation and Regulation of Privilege of Parliament in Relation to

Persons in public Offices.

4 '^Y7 WHEREAS it is most just and reasonable, that Persons employed in Offices and Places of public Trust, should at all Times be accountable for any Misdemeanours therein, and the public Justice of the Realm requireth a vigorous Prosecution of such offendersto the end therefore that your majesty's good Subjects may not lie under any Doubts or Discouragements, whereby such profccu tions might be prevented or delayed; may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Action or Suit shall and may be commenced and prosecuted in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, against any Officer or Persons intruded or employed in the Revenue of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, or any Part or Branch thereof, or any other Office or Place of public Trust, for any Forfeiture, Misdemeanour, or Breach of Trust, of, in, or relating to such Office or Place of Trust, or any Penalty imposed by Law to enforce the due Execution thereof; and that no such Action, Suit, or any other Process, Proceeding, Judgement, or Execution thereupon, although such Officer or Person hall be a Peer of this Realm, or Lord of Parliament, or one of the Knights, Citizens, or Burgesses of the House of Commons, or otherwise intituled to the Privilege of Parliament, hall be impeached, stayed, or delayed by or under Colour or Pretence of any Privilege of Parliament, lege of Parliament,

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act shall extend to subject the Person of such Officer, being a Peer of this Realm, or Lord of Parliament, to be arrested or imprisoned; that all Process hall issue against such Officer or Person, being 3 Peer of this Realm, or Lord of Parliament, as should have issued against him out of the Time ofprir vilega: Nor shall extend to subject the Person of such Officer, being a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess of the House of Commons, to be arrested or imprisoned, during the Time of Privilege of Parliament; and that against such Officer or other Person, being a Knight, Citizen, or Burgess of the House of Commons, intituled to Privilege, hall be issued Summons and Distress infinite, or original Bill, Summons, Attachment, and Distress infinite, which the said respective Courts are hereby impowered to issue in such Case, until the Party shall appear upon such Proccfc according to the Course of such respective Court.

38 & 56. z Geos. C 14. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23.

31 Geo. z, C 14. 33 Geo. 2. c. 20.

8 Geo. 2. c. 30. fj Geo. z, C 38, 11 C a. 2. f. 24. ly Geo. 2. c.za. I $Geo. 2. e. zzi

CAP. XIX.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for raising Recruits for the Land Forces and Marines, and for dispensing with Part of the al for EXP. the Encouragement and Increase of Shipping and Navigation during the present War.

CAP. XX.

An Act for punishing Mutiny, Desertion, and faife Musters, and for better paying of the Army and EX P quarters, and for satisfying diverse arrears, and for a further Continuance of the Powers of the five commissioners for the examining and determining the Accounts of the Army. Officers or Soldiers, who shall mutiny or desert, to suffer Death. General to call court-martial for punishing Offenders.

court-martial to consist of 13 Commission Officers. Officer or Soldier not to be exempt from the ordinary Process of Law. at not to extend to the Militia Forces. Every Officer at a court-martial to take an Oath. Nine Officers to concur in giving Sentence of Death against Offender. No Trial to be but between eight and one. Penalty on Person making faife Certificate to excuse Soldier from, Muster. Penalty on Officer making faife Muster. Commifiary to give Notice of the Muster to the Mayor, fsfr. Mayor, (sfe. to be present at Muster. No Muster Roll to be allowed, unless signed by Mayor, C Penalty on Person falsely mustered. Horse mustered not belonging to the Troop forfeited, C Penalty on Paymaster, C detaining Officers or Soldiers Pay, C Officer to bring a Certificate of Men sick or absent. Penalty on Officer mustering Servants, C 31 Car. 2. C 1. Officers and Soldiers may be quartered in Inns, Livery Stables, sv. Penalty on quartering Officers or Soldiers in private Houses, C to set Rates for all necessary Provisions for Soldiers in their March. Penalty on Officer taking Money to excuse the quartering of Soldiers. No Paymaster, C to deduct Fees out of Officers or Soldiers Pay, fsfr. Officer, oh Receipt of Subsistence Money, to give Notice thereof to Innkeepers, (Jc. who are to bring in their Accounts. Rates allowed for Diet, C for Officers and Soldiers. Officer to make up Accounts before he leaves his Quarters, call Accoutrements of War shall be bought in England. Muster Rolls to be closed the same Day as taken: One whereof to be returned to the Paymaster General, and another to the Comptroller of the Army Accounts. Carriages to be provided for the Forces in their March. Penalty on Officer forcing Wagon, fsfr. to travel more than one day's Journey, or forcing Horses from the Owners. Penalty on Officer quartering "Wives, Children, cof Soldiers !n Houses against Consent of Owner. Penalty on Civil Officer so doing. Penalty on Officers or Soldiers destroying the Game without Leave. Account of Money due to every Regiment in the queen's Service, to be made up between the Paymaster General and the Colonel, C and so every four four Months, C Colonel to account with his Captains, fs'e. Penalty on Persons harbouring Deserters, sv. Inhabitants of Epsom, C not liable to quarter Soldiers.

I,

XXXIV. And forasmuch as there is not any effectual Provision made for the Government of her Officer or Sol majesty's Land Forces out of the Realms of England and Ireland; ' Be it further enacted and declared, ?lcr correspond that if any Officer or Soldier in her Majesty's Army shall, either upon Land out of England, or upon q, jc'c'j the Sea, hold Correspondence with any Rebel or Enemy of her Majesty, or give them Advice or Intel ^3 beyond Sea. ligence, either by Letters, Messages, Signs, or Tokens, or any Manner of Way whatsoever, or shall guilty of High treat with such Rebels or Enemies, or enter into any Condition with them, without her Majesty's LI Treason. cence, or Licence of the General, Lieutenant General, or chief Commander, then every such Person so offending, shall be deemed and adjudged to be guilty of High Treason', and suffer such Pains and Penalties as in case of High Treason.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Soldier of her Officer or sol majesty's Army, either upon Land out of England, or upon the Sea, shall raise, or cause to be raised, dierbeyi ndsea any Mutiny or Sedition in the Army, or shall refuse to obey his superior Officer, or shall refill any tfny^or^efiflins Officer in the Execution of his Office, or shall strike, draw, or offer to draw, or lift up, any Weapon hit Officer, e. against his superior Officer, upon any Pretence whatsoever; and every the Person and Persons so offend guilty of Felony, ing, in any of the Matters before mentioned, shall be adjudged and taken to be guilty of Felony, and shall suffer as in Cases of Felony; and every of their said Offences shall be deemed to be Felony, and shall suffer as in case of Felony; and the Offenders being thereof convicted, or being indicted or arraigned thereof, and standing mute, or challenging peremptorily above the Number of twenty returned to be of the Jury, shall suffer Death as in case of Felony.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Treasons and autreasonsand Felonies before mentioned, that shall be committed, perpetrated, or done, may be inquired of, heard Felonies maybe and determined in her Majesty's Court, commonly called the queen's Bench, by good and lawful Men, rieli >» rhe

of the same County where the said Court shall sit and be kept, or before such Commissioners, and in such County of this Realm, as shall be assigned by the queen's Majesty, and by good and lawful Men of CE m, n the same County, in like Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Treason and fe ionics had been committed, perpetrated, and done within the same County.

XXXVII. Provided always, That this Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend to abridge This not to her Majesty's Power of forming, making, and establishing Articles of War, and erecting and constituting abridge the Courtsvmartial, and inflidting Penalties by Sentence or Judgement of the same, in such Manner as might queen's Power

have been done by her Majesty's Authority beyond the Seas, in the Time of War, before the making ofot mak nsjxr' this Act. tides of War,

160 C 20.

Anno secundo & tertio Ann, Reginae.

A.D. 1703.

Persons acquitted by a court-martial not to be prosecuted again. No Attainder to

court-martial

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That her Majesty may, from Time committed out to Time, grant a Commission to such General, Lieutenant General, or other Officers, as aforesaid, for of there aim, l'le holding a court-martial within this Realm, in which all Officers and Soldiers, who shall at any Time not before tried, hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, commit any Crime or Offence out of this Realm, against the Rules, Articles, or Laws of War, and shall not be tried for the same by a court-martial, before their Return into this Realm, shall and may be tried and proceeded against, and punished, according to the Rules and Articles of War aforementioned.

sol^s^erenin1

XXXIX. Provided always, That if any Officer or Soldier shall desert her Majesty's Service in any Parts the queen'^ser beyond the Seas, and shall escape or come into this Realm or Ireland, before he be tried by a cftirt mar vice bryond Sea, tial for such Offence, then and as often as any. such Case shall happen, if it shall also happen that the Ciull be cried. Regiment, Troop, or Company, to which such Officer or Soldier hall belong, shall continue in her Majesty's Service beyond the Seas, it shall and maybe lawful, upon Oath thereof made to anyone of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, where such Offender shall be taken, for such justices of the Peace to cause such Offender to be sent to the General court-martial in England or Ireland, who are hereby enabled, if they think fit, for example's Sake, to send such Offenders to the respective regi/nent, Troop, or Company beyond the Seas, to which the Offender shall belong, there to be proceeded against according to the Directions of this Act.

XL. Provided also, That if any Person or Persons shall, in a court-martial constituted as aforesaid, be tried and acquitted, or convicted of any of the Crimes or Offences herein before mentioned, such Acquittal or Conviction shall be a full Bar to any Indictments or Proceedings for the same Offence.

XLI. Provided always, That no Attainder for any Crime or Offence made Felony by this Act, shall corruptthebl°od extend or be adjudged to make any Corruption of Blood to any Heir of such Offender, or to debar the of Heir, C \vjfe of such Offender of her Title of Dower.

Inglanfftalfbe

XLII. Provided also, That if any Peer of this Realm shall commit any of the Offences aforesaid, in any tried for any of parts beyond the Seas, and shall not have been there tried for the fam? by Martial Law, and after his

fence by this Act. Return into this Realm shall be indicted of any Offence hereby declared or enacted to be Treason or Fe

- that then, and after such Indictment, he shall have his Trial by his Peers, in suchlike Manner and Persons indicted Form as hath been accustomed.

of Treason, C

XLIII. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and per to have the Bene fons, who shall hereafter be accused, indicted, or prosecuted, for anything made or declared Treason by fit of the Act 7 this Act, shall be intituled to the Benefit of the Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign

W. 3. C 3, of h s late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for regulating Trials in Cases of Treason and

Misprision of Treason "

"and Soldiers of the Marine Regiments, C subject to the Penalties, C in this Act. Ac

IC count of each Regiment, Garrison, OV. to be made up. Auditors to examine the same, and the Ace

countant on Oath. No Account to be hereafter declared.by the Lord Treasurer, Oct. until Auditor ec certify the Examination thereof. Respite Money may be applied as Levy Money. The Debts owin° c' in Quarters by the Invalids of chelj ea Hospital, Oct. shall he paid. Perfojis reprieved from Execution, CC in order to obtain their Pardon, Oct. On Sight of the queen's Warrant, for passing such Pardon, Judge "may direct the Delivery of Prisoner, to be lifted in the queen's 'Service.; Pardon, when passed to be CC enrolled, Oct. Act, as to Mutineers and Deserters, Oct. to extend to the Forces in Ireland. The Pay "of the 10, 000 Men raised for sea Service to be cleared to 25 Dec. 1703. Accounts of the english and e Dutch Trains of Artillery, to be examined, and Debentures issued out thereupon. Pay'of the Forces at "newtork to be computed. Debentures to be issued for Payment.

[1 ann.se, flat; zy co. conti fc nued until 30 June 1704.]

Anno Regni annie Reginas tertio. 6c quarto,

AT the Parliament begun at Westminster the twentieth Day of August, anno. dom. 1702. in the first _ of the Reign of our Sovereign. Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of England, Scot '*In the Iwol land, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the faith, C And from, thence continued, by several mentit is, to the Prorogations and Adjournments to the four and twentieth Day of October. 1704. being the third

foilrtfip.hth dav^An of fusp ( pot*1«'inyn<3vit

A'

fourteenth Day of March

Session of this present Parliament.'

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and five.

4s. in the Pound.

& g Anna:, f 3-

CAP. II.

An Act for raising Moneys, by Sale of several Annuities, for carrying on the present War.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act of parliament 'made and passed in the second Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Annje Regins. C 2. 16.

Majesty's Occasions, by selling Annuities at several Rates, and for such respective "Terms or Estates, as are therein mentioned, and by several other Acts therein recited, Provision is made, That from and after 'sec i Geo. X

the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, the full, clear, and entire weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds out of all the §4 '.monies arising by the Hereditary Duties of Excise, and by other Duties of Excise therein mentioned, payable during her Majesty's Life, and from and after her Majesty's Decease, then the like full,

clear, and entire weekly Sum of three thousand seven hundred Pounds, out of all the Moneys to arise by the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, from Time to Time for ever, shall be brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer every Week, in the Manner and Form, and under such Penalties,

as are thereby prescribed: And it is thereby further enacted, That out of the Money of the said Hereditary Duties of Excise, arising in or by such weekly Payments at the Exchequer as aforesaid, certain annual Sums after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, therein mentioned, shall be satisfied and paid, and that out of the Moneys of the said several Branches of Excise, arising in or by the said weekly Payments, the several Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of the said Act of the second Year of your majesty's Reign, should also be paid and satisfied; that all the Rest and Residue of the

6 Geo. i.

Monies arising by the said weekly Payments, and which at the End of every Year, reckoning the first Year C 4. the South to begin from the said five and twentieth Dayr of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven Sea Company hundred and five, should remain, after satisfying or reserving sufficient to satisfy all the Payments which should be then incurred or grown due, as well for and upon the said annual Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as also for and upon all the said Annuities, to be purchased upon the Act last mentioned, should be applied and disposed of to and for the public Use and Service, and not otherwise: And whereas the said annual Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, do amount in the whole to the yearly Sum of thirty-nine thousand eight hundred fifty five Pounds sixteen Shillings and one Halfpenny; and the Annuities purchased on the said Act of the second Year of your majesty's Reign, for the said Term of ninety-nine Years, do amount in the whole tosixty seven thousand nine hundred twenty-four Pounds ten Shillings and sixpence Halfpenny;

and the Annuities purchased ieverally on the same Act for Angle Lives, do amount in the whole to twenty-two thousand three hundred and thirteen Pounds six Shillings and eight Pence; and the Annuities severally purchased on the same Act for the Lives of two Persons, and the Survivor of them, do amount in the whole to ten thousand five hundred and twenty-eight Pounds; and the several Annuities purchased on the same Act for the Lives of three Persons, and the Survivors and Survivor of them, do amount in the whole to three thousand nine hundred seventy nine Pounds thirteen Shillings and four Pence; and the Charges of paying the said Annuities do amount to the yearly Sum of twelve hundred Pounds; so that there doth remain at this Time iindisposed, of the Money of the said weekly Payments,

to be applied to the public Use and Service, the yearly Sum of forty six thousand five hundred ninety eight Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, or thereabouts, besides the Expectancies after the De ' termination of the said respective Estates, for one, two, and three Lives: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the Money necessary for carrying on the present War, and other your majesty's most pressing Occasions, by such Ways and Means as are most easy to your majesty's Subjects, do cheerfully and unanimously grant unto your Majesty a further Aid, to arise by Contributions for Annuities, to be purchased in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned; and do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's' Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, at or what Sums may before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, be advanced for not exceeding in the whole the Sum of eight hundred seventy seven thousand nine hundred and thirty Purchases> Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, for purchasing such several and respective Annuities as are herein after mentioned (that is to say) any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding six hundred and ninety thousand Pounds (Part of the said whole Sum not exceeding eight hundred seventy seven thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny) for any Annuity or Annuities to be paid during the full Term of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the said for 99 Years«five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, at the Vyears Pur "Rate of fifteen Years Purchase^Rate doth amount to the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds ^ntoethe°exche for every such Annuity of ten Pounds per Annum, and proportionably for any greater Annuity; and thequer. same Rate or consideration money, for the said full Term of ninety-nine Years, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt at or before the respective Days and Times herein after mentioned (that is to say) One third Part thereof on or before the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand fe timesofpay ven hundred and five; one other third Part thereof, on or before the four and twentieth Day of June in ment. the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five; and the remaining third Part thereof on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September in the same Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five: All which Annuities, so to be purchased for the said full Term of nine nine Years, shall Annuities Co not exceed in the whole the Sum of forty six thousand Pounds per Annum, and shall be paid and payable purchased> not at the four most usual Feasts in the Year (that is to say) The Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed°6'ooooi ( Virgin Mary, the Nativity of St. John Eflptift, St, Michael the Archangel, and the Birth of our Lord Annum.^Christ, by even and equal Pgrtions; the first Payment to be made at or upon the Feast of the Annunci The first Pay vol. IV Y ation Inent z5 March

1706.,

162 C 2.

What to be done where an Annuity is not demanded in a Years Time:

Anno tertio & quarto Anna; Regina. A.D. 1704.

ation of the Blessed Virgin Mary, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six.

II. And whereas the Persons, who are or may be intituled to the respective Estates for Life orlives, purchased upon the said Act of the second Year of your majesty's Reign, or some of them, are or may be willing and desirous (for such respective Prices or Considerations as are herein after mentioned) to have such their respective Estates for Life or Lives changed or converted into a certain Term or Terms for ninety-nine Years, to be computed from the said five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four, of and in such or the like Annuities as they have for Life or Lives as aforesaid, or that they, or such as they shall nominate his, her, or their Executors, Admi nistrators, and Assigns respectively (for the like respective Prices or Considerations) shall or may be in titled to have, receive, and enjoy the like Annuity from and after the Determination of his, her, or their Estate for Life or Lives as aforesaid, for and during the Residue which shall be then to come and unexpired of the said Term of ninety-nine Years last mentioned and in Cases where the present Ow ' ner of any such Annuity for Life or Lives is or may be unwilling (if any such be) to purchase a further or more certain Estate or Interest therein, it is likely that some other Person or Persons is or may be de firous to be admitted to purchase a future Estate or Interest in such or the like Annuity or Annuities, to take Effect from and after the Determination of the respective Estate for one, two, or three Lives in be ing, and to continue for and during the then Residue and Remainder of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four, which shall be then to come and unexpired

III. Now for the raising any further Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding one hundred eighty seven thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, other Part of the said Sum not exceeding eight hundred seventy seven thousand nine hundred and thirty Pounds nineteen Shillings and threepence Halfpenny, for the Purposes aforesaid; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons. Natives or Foreigners, being as original Contributors, or by Mesne Assignments, or by other lawful Ways and Means, in titled to any Estate for one Life in being, of or in any Annuity purchased or obtained upon the said Act of the second Year of your majesty's Reign, to advance and pay into the Receipt of your majesty's Exche 1 Geo. 1. flat. a. quer, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, so much Money as C 36. f. 16.' every or any such Annuity, being computed for six Years, doth or shall amount unto, cither for chang origmai Contri ing or converting the said Estate for a single Life, into a certain Term for the said ninety-nine Years, to for onvlcifee&c. ct)mpute<j from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four; or for may advance so' the like Annuity to be paid to him, her, or them, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and af much Money, signs, from and immediately after the Determination of the said Estate for one Life, during the then refi cas every An due of the said ninety-nine Years last mentioned, at the Election of the Purchasers respectively; and that nuity amounts; t fj^all and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, being as aforesaid, intituled to any Estate for years°purchase tw0 Fives now !n being, of or in any Annuity purchased or obtained upon the said Act of the second forconverting Year of our majesty's Reign, to advance and pay into the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for your majesty's uic, so much Money as every or any such Annuity, being computed for four Years, doth or shall amount unto, either for changing or converting the same Estate for two Lives, into a certain Term for the said ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and Orafter the de four, or for the like Annuity, to be paid to him, her, or them, his, her, or their Executors, administra termination of tors, and Assigns, from and immediately after the Determination of the said Estate for two Lives, during du"ngthe then Residue of the Term of ninety-nine Years last mentioned, at the Election of the Purchasers respectively; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons being, as aforesaid, intituled to any Estate for three Lives now in being, of or in any Annuity purchased or obtained upon the said Act of the second Year of your majesty's Reign, at any Time to advance and pay into the said Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer, for your majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, so much Money as every or any such Annuity, being computed for three Years, doth or shall amount unto, either for changing or converting the same Estate for three Lives into a certain Term for ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundied_ and four, or for the like Annuity to be paid to him, her, or them, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from and immediately after the Determination of the said Estate for three Lives, during the then Residue of the Term of ninety-nine Years last mentioned, at the Eiedlion of the Purchasers respectively; and it is hereby declared and appointed, That all the consideration Moneys to be paid after the respective Rates of six Years Purchase, four Years Purchase, and three Years Purchase, in the several and respective cases before mentioned, shall be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for your majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times herein after limited (that is to say) one third Part thereof on or before the last Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five; one other third Part thereof on or before the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five; and the remaining third Part thereof on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five; and the said Annuities for which the said Consideration Moneys shall be so paid after the said Rates of six Years, four Years, and three Years Purchase as aforesaid, shall be also paid and payable Feasts*1 see. First at t^le our mo; u^"ua^ Feasts before mentioned, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to raymaat.' begin and to be made at such of the said Feasts as shall next happen after the respective Times on which they

thei^estate for one Life, C into a certain Term for 99 Years.

the Reiadue of 99 Years, C Two Lives for four Years Purchase, C

The like after the Determination for two Lives, See, Three Lives at three Years purchase.

The like after the Determination for three Lives, C Consideration Moneys, &c. to be paid into the Exchequer. Times of Payment.

Annuities to be paid at the four usual

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Annje Regina:. C 2. 163

they are to take Effect, as aforesaid; in all Cases where any Estate for Life or Lives shall Estates for Livui be, in pursuance of this Act, changed into a certain Term for ninety-nine Years, as aforesaid, for avoid changed for 99 ing any double Payments thereupon, the quarterly Payments, which shall have been made on the said Years estate for Life or Lives, shall be deemed and taken to discharge so many of the quarterly Payments, Quarterly pay which might otherwise be reckoned for the same Time, upon the said certain Term of ninety-nine ments thereon Years, and then such present Estate for Life or Lives shall be understood to be merged or extinguished discharge in the said Terms of Years respectively. ^sone'd

on the Term of 99 Years, and then such Estates for Lives to be extinguished.

IV. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, being inticled to any Estate for Ifone third of one, two, or three Lives in being, in any such present Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, shall not, on the considers or before the fa ffi last Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, ad b. c.., 0t p"so be'" vance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, one Third Part at the least of such respective Rate or fore the last of Consideration Money, as is before mentioned, for changing his, her, or their Estate for one, two, or March 1705, three Lives into a Term certain, or for a future Interest, as aforesaid, that then, and in every such Case, C any Person,

it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons whatsoever, Natives or Foreigners (having or maypur

not having any Property or Interest in such Estate for Life or Lives) at any Time or Times after the said C ae' last Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five, and within the respective da}rs and Times by. this Act limited in this Behalf, to contribute, advance, and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, for the purposes aforesaid, such respective Rates or Consideration Moneys, as are hereinafter appointed for purchasing of such Annuities, to commence after the Determination of the said Estates for one, two, or three Lives respectively, as are herein after expressed (that is to say) in every or any Case where any Conditions of Annuity was purchased upon the said former Act for one Life only still in being, and the present Owner Purchase foe one shall have made no further Payment for a future Interest, or certain Term therein, according to this Act, l*fc*

any Person or Persons, as aforesaid, may contribute and pay the Consideration Money, after the Rate of

six Years Purchase for such or the like Annuity, to be paid and payable to him, her, or them, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from and immediately after the Determination of every such Estate for a Angle Life (which is to be named in every Talley for such Purchase Money, and in the Order thereupon) and to continue from thenceforth for and during all the rest and Residue, which shall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the said Term of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four; and in every or any Case where any Annuity was purchased upon the said former Act for two Lives still in being, and the present Two Lives, Owner shall have made no further Payment for a future Interest, or a certain Term therein, according to this Act, any Person or Persons, as aforesaid, may contribute and pay the consideration money after the.

Rate of four Years Purchase for such or the like Annuity, to be paid and payable to him, her, or them, his, her, and their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from and immediately after the Determination of every such Estate for two Lives (which are to be named in every Talley for such purchase money, and in the Order thereupon) and to continue from thenceforth, for and during all the rest and Residue, which shall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the said Term of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four: And in every or any Case where any Annuity was purchased upon the said former Act for three Lives still in being, and the Three Lives, foe, present Owner thereof hall have made no further Payment fora future Interest or a certain Term therein, according to this Act, any Person or Persons, as aforesaid, may contribute and pay the consideration money, after the Rate of three Years Purchase, for such or the like Annuity to be paid and payable to him, her, or them, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from and after the Determination of every such Estate for three Lives (which are to be named in every Talley for such purchase money, and in the Order thereupon) and to continue from thenceforth, for and during all the rest and Residue, which shall be then to come and unexpired, of and in the said. Term of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand' seven hundred and four. And it consideration is hereby declared and appointed, That all the consideration moneys to be paid by the said Persons, who piney t be pail may purchase in Default of those who have the present Estates for Life and Lives, as aforesaid, shall be lnut°rthe£xchc* paid in the said Receipt of Exchequer for your majesty's Use, after the said last Day of March one thou qu r' rand seven hundred and five, and at or before the respective Days and Times herein after limited (that Times ofpay is to say) One third Part thereof on or before the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five; one other third Part thereof on or before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and five; and the remaining third Part thereof on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and five; and the said Annuities so to Annuities when be purchased, any Persons (in Default of those who have the present Estates for Life or Lives, payable, as aforesaid) shall also be paid and payable, at the four most usual Feasts in the Year before mentioned, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to begin, and to be made at such of the said Feasts, as shall next happen after the respective Times, from which such Annuities are to commence or take effect, as aforesaid.

V. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells Contributors in the Exchequer, severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which shall be fairly naes 1° een entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors, and of all Persons by whole Hands the said Contri 0" the Auditor" butors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the several Sums so paid, and the Times and Clerk of the when the same are respectively paid j to which Book it shall be lawful for the respective Contributors, Pells.

io C 2.

Anno tertio & quarto anne Regina;

A.D. 1704.

Books to be inspected without Fee.

All Annuities, &c. to be paid

their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from Time to Time, and at all seasonable Times, to have resort, and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities whatsoever^, which shall be any Way purchased upon, or in pursuanie of, this present Act, shall be and are hereby

out of the week charged upon, and shall be paid and payable out of, the Overplus of the Moneys arising from Time to % Payments, C Time by the weekly Payments of Excise Money aforementioned (that is to say) the Money which shall remain, from Time to Time, over and above so much as shall be sufficient to pay and satisfy the Moneys, which shall from Time to Time be incurred and grown due, as well for and upon the said annual Sums, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as for and upon all the said Annuities for Lives or Years, purchased upon the said Act of the second Year of your majesty's Reign, and so much of the Overplus to dif said overplus Moneys, as are and shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the Annuities to be purchased charge han upon this Act, according to the Purport and true Meaning of the same, are and shall be appropriated and plie/toooo orticr applied to and for the satisfying and discharging of the same accordingly, and shall be iitued, disposed, or use" " to that Use, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

Contributors

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and con paying the Pur tributors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money after the respective Rates aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for any Annuity or Annuities whatsoever, allowed to be purchased by this Act, according to the true Meaning of the same Act, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by Virtue of this Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased, out of the Overplus Moneys arising and to arise, as aforesaid, from the respective Times on which such Annuities are respectively to commence, for and during such respective Term of Years, or remaining Term of Years, as are abovementioned; and that ail and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have good and sure Estates and Imerefts in the several Annuities so by them to be purchased, according to the Nature of their respective Purchases, and the tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all an free from Taxes; nuities to be purchased on this Act for any Term, Estate, or Interest whatsoever, shall be free from all Taxes. Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon any Part of this Act for any of the Annuities aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, at the respective Rate in this Act before appointed, or any Part or Proportion thereof, within the Time or Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have one or more Talley or Talleys levied, importing the Receipt of so much consideration money as shall be so paid, for or in Part of the said respective Sums to be raised, as aforesaid, and according to the Nature of his, her, or their Payments respectively; upon Payment of all the purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, at the Rate by this Act appointed, 'every such Contributor respectively, his or her respective Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall have an Order for Payment of such Annuity and Annuities, for and during such respective Term, Estate, or Interest, as he, she, or they shall or ought to have therein, as aforesaid; Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of

chase money, hall enjoy the Annuities so purchased.

and have sore Estates therein.

and have Tallies for the same.

nd Orders for Payment.

good, valid, and and shall not

prompt Pay 'znent.

the Treasury for the Time being; and, after the signing thereof, the same shall be firm, efreftual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this ABE determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the surer*°&c ^cfre i>oweis Office or Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Lord High treasurer.of England, Trea -- Joke the same. " surer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury, now, or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders, so signed as aforesaid, or any of them.

IX. And for tyre Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay forthwith, into the Receipt of Exchequer, the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon any of the Terms aforesaid, it is provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor, who being to pay his or her purchase money, or any Part thereof, on or before the said last Day of March one thousand seven hun

- nt for dred and five, shall pay the same, or any Part thereof, sooner than the said last Day A March^shall be paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, after the Rate' of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for prompt Payment of the Money so advanced, from the Time of actual paying the same, until the said last Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five; and every Contributor on this Act, who being to pay his or her purchase money, or any Part thereof, on or before the said first Day of May one thoiffand seven hundred and five, shall pay the same, or any Part thereof, sooner than the said first Day of May, shall be paid out of the said contribution money she like Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such prompt Payment of the Money so advanced from the Time cf actual paying the same, until the said first Day of Map one thousand seven hundred and five.

X. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, having any present or future Term, Estate, or Interest, or any present Estate to take effect in faturo, of and in any Annuity to be purchased upon this Act, or of or in any Part of such Annuity, by any Writing under Hand and Seal, or by his or her last Will in Writing, to assign or devise such Annuity and Annuities, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties, and no such Assignment to be revocable so as an Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will be made in Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the Space of two Months after such Alignment

'contributors, C may assign C r devise Annuities, and so toties .^uotiest

A.D. 1704, Annos tertio & quarto Annas Regina?. C 3.

signment, or Death of the Devisor; that upon the producing such Alignment, or Will, or Probate thereof, in the said Office of Receipt, to be entered as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same, shall bring therewith an Affidavit, taken before forne Person authorised to take Affidavits in Causes depending in any of the Courts at Westminster, of the due Execution of the said Assignment or will, which Affidavits shall be severally filed in the said Office; which said Entry or Memorandum the proper Officers, in the said Receipt of the Exchequer, are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits; and in Default of such Alignment or Devise by Deed or Will, the Interest of such Contributor shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators.

to go to his

165

Entry of such afilgnmente*&c* to be made on Affidavit. Affidavits to be filed.

In Default of Alignment or de vise, &c. Interest of Contributor Executors,

XT. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, Guardians may having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, for the Use advance150l.far and Benefit of such Infant, to advance and pay the Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds, of the Money of thebenefitofln. such Infant, to purchase any Annuity upon this Add for the Benefit of such Infant; and the said Guardian Annn ity os and Trustee, as to the said Sum of one hundred and fifty Pounds so advanced, is hereby discharged. tj, ;a£v.

XII. And be it further enacted, for the better encouraging Persons to advance the said several Sums on All Receipts are this Add, That all Receipts and Iffaes, and all other Things directed by this Add to be performed in the iitees in the Ex exchequer, shall he done and performed by ihe Officers there, without demanding or receiving, direddly chequer to be or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward for the same; and in Case any of the Officers of the Ex done without chequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or misapply any of the said weekly ee'

Sums to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, or any Part of the Moneys which should make good the Payment of the said Annuities, or shall pay or issue out of the same, otherwise than according to the Intent of this Add, or shall not keep Books and Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other Things, which by this Add they are required to perform, every such Officer shall forfeit his Of penalty, fice, and be for the future uncapable of any Office or Place of Trufd, and shall answer and pay treble Damages, with Costs of Suit, to every Contributor or Person who shall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eltoin, Proteddion, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, Plaintiff on Re injunction, or Order of Restraint, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed; and in the covery to have said Addion the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have his full Cofds, one third Part of which Sum, so to be fullcofts* recovered for Damages, shall be to the Use of your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors.; and the other Incase offaint two third Parts, with the Cofds, shall be to the Use of the Prosecutor; in case there shall be any p^cution, any Ccllufion or faint Prosecution between the Plaintiff and Defendant in such Addion, it shall be lawful for for, Act" may" any other Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to bring another Addion, where bring another in he shall recover as aforesaid, to the like Uses as aforesaid. Action.

XIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain any None to purchase Annuity upon this Add, for which the purchase money or any Part thereof, is hereby appointed to be anyannuity, unpaid on or before the said laid Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five, unless the whole, or pfs onf Ap one third Part of the consideration money for the same, at such respective Rates as aforesaid, he advanced chafe°monr be" and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer on or before the said lafd Day of March in the Year of our paw in by the Use Lord one thousand seven hundred and five; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever ball or may pur of march 1705.

chase or obtain, or be admitted to purchase or obtain, any Annuity upon this Add, for which the purchase money, or any Part thereof, is hereby appointed to be paid on or before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and five, unless the whole, or one third Part of the consideration money for the same, at such respective Rate, as aforesaid, be advanced and into the said Receipt of Exchequer by the first cf on or before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred, and five. May 1705.

XIV. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor, as aforesaid, who shall, on or before the re Contributors ad spective Days by this Add appointed for his or her first Payment, have advanced one third Part only of vancing one third his or her purchase money, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns do not advance and pay, p2l.t>an^ not into the receipt.of Exchequer, one other third Part of his or her consideration money, so to be paid for other^n'of such respective Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, on or before the said four and twentieth Day of June the Confederation one thousand seven hundred and five; and the remaining third Part thereof on or before the said nine and Money within twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and five; then, and in every such Case respectt!lc Times k tively, no Order shall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity, for which the consideration mo nnle'b

mey shall not be fully paid, as aforesaid; so much of the consideration money, as shall have been such Money so actually paid into the Exchequer for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited and lost to your Majesty, Said ]n to be your Heirs and Successors, and be applied, together with other the Moneys to be raised by this act, forforfened> C the Purposes aforesaid; thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Allowances to Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, out of any of the Moneys of the Offionsand said weekly Payments, to reward the Officers and Clerks in the Exchequer to be employed in the Pay ^rksirnpio3, ed? ynent of the said Annuities, or any of them, for their Labour, Pains, and Service therein respectively,

in such Proportions as to the said Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall feeni meet and reasonable in that Behalf; anything, in this Act contained to the contrary Snotwithstanding.

CAP. III.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for one Year.

i66 C 4c

A.D. 1704. Anno ter do & quarto Anna: Regina'.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing Duties upon Low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, 'and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and upon Mullins; and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Calicoes, China Ware, and Drugs.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and pafifed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of your iiw. 3. C 11. Majesty's late Royal Brother King William the Third (of glorious Memory) intituled An

C At for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, and continu ing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and the Duty of Fifteen per Centum upon Muffins, and for tm proving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty, for the several Terms and Purposes therein mentioned, certain Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, C were granted for a Term, to continue until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred

<5 W. 3. C 7. C and six; and certain Duties, which, by an Act of the sixth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, had

been imposed upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, C Mace, and Pictures, were by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, enacted to be continued until the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six; and by the same Act ' certain Duties or Sums of Money to be paid by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and other trac ding Persons described in a former Act for Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and the Powers for granting 3 & 10 W. 3. ' such Licences, were enacted to be continued until the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand

e seven hundred and six; and a Duty upon Mullins, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hune

dred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, was likewise, by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, enacted to be continued until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six, as by the same Act (Relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament afiem bled, as a further Supply for carrying on the present War, and other your majesty's most necessary and important Occasions, have given and granted to your Majesty the several and respective Duties, and additional Duties hereafter in this Act expressed, and do most: humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Autho additional Du rity of the same, That all and every such or the like Duties for and upon all Low Wines or Spirits of ties granted on the first Extraction, as by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign were conti low Wines, un nued or granted until the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, shall, by i7io4 Une virtue of this Act, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Succef Continued from fors, fr and upon all Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, to be made or drawn by any Di june 1710. for (filler, or other Person making or drawing Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale or Exportation, within the 96 Years by Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the four and twen f f Td'/' e9e t'et^ Hay of March one thousand seven hundred and six, until the four and twentieth Day of June one by annstc^thousand seven hundred and ten; and that all and every such or the like several and respective Duties for §.26.'and upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace,

3 Geo. 1. flat, and Pictures, as by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, were, as aforesaid,

3. C 12. f. 8.' continued until the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six, shall be continued and be coffee'^cocoa pah and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Cho nuts cho'colate s°*ate' Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, which shall be imported until 1710! into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, at any Time or These Addi Times from and after the last Day of April one thousand seven hundred and six, and before the said four tions repealed by and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten; and that all and every such and the like and Mwonw10" ^"evera' Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money to be paid by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, imposed on and hich other Persons as are described in one Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, for Coffee, &c.' Licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and all the Powers for granting Licences, and other Powers, and all! Duties to be paid Clauses, Directions, Allowances, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters and Things therein con by Hawkers and tained, which, by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, have Continuance nu "dtntti7io until she said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and six, shall be continued, un 1'and be paid, and be practised, observed, and put in Execution, by virtue of this Act, from the three

Duties on Muf and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and six, until the said four and twentieth Day f lens continutd of June one thousand seven hundred and ten; and that the same or the like Duty upon all Mullins de uatil siio. feribed in the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, after the Rate of fifteen t Pounds for every one hundred Pounds, of the true and real Value thereof, to be determined by the gross Price upon Sale by the Candle, as by the same Act hath Continuance until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six, shall by Virtue of this Act be continued, and be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all such Muslins as shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town or Port of Berwick upon Tweed, at any Time or Times from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Annie Regina; C 4, 167

thousand seven hundred and six, and before the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten; the said several and respective Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money, for and upon for all Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, and for and upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, see 2 G, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and upon all Plawkers, Pedlars, How'to'i*4?* petty Chapmen, and other Persons described as aforesaid, and for and upon all Mullins, to be paid du V^lc ring the respective Times for which they are granted, or are to continue, by virtue of this Act as aforesaid (over and above all other Duties and Impositions whatsoever, already charged for or upon the same Commodities and Persons, or any of them reflectively, by any other Laws or Statutes now in Force) and to be ascertained, secured, raffed, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, to the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Drawbacks, Allowances, and Repayments, and in such Manner and Form in all Respects, as the like Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money respectively granted or continued by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, are thereby, or by any other Law, whereunto the said Act hath Reference, prescribed, enacted, or appointed to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for during the Continuance thereof respectively.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such of the Powers, Directions, Pe Powers of ths nalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, provided, settled, or established by the said Acts offald

the sixth, ninth, and twelfth Years of his said late majesty's Reign, or by any of them, or by any other vied'

Act now in Force, whereunto the same, or any of them, have or hath Relation, for the better raising, levying, recovering, answering, or paying the said respective Duties thereby granted, or for making any Drawbacks, Repayments, or Allowances out of any of the said several and respective Duties upon Exportations, hall be revived and be continued, and be in Force and Virtue during the Continuance of this Act, and further for the Recovery of all the Arrearages and Sums of Money, which hall become due or payable to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, upon this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, and every of them, were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That a certain Clause in an Act made in the second Year of the Reign Chute of iw, of King William and Queen Mary, intituled An act for the encouraging the dflilling of Brandy and?'m £* c 9* Spirits from Corn, and for laying several Duties on Low Wines or Spirits' of the first Extraction, relating to 12. revived. Strong Waters, Brandy, Aqua Vita, and other exciseable Liquors brought from the Islands of Guernsey,

Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, and all the Charges, Duties, Penalties, and every Article and Thing therein contained, which were revived by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, and were to be of full Force during the Continuance thereof, hall be further continued, and be of full Force and Virtue, during the Continuance of this present Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Clause was herein Word for Word repeated.

IV. And whereas great Abuses have hecn committed by several Persons in lending or letting out to hire, C the Licences by them taken out to trade as Hawkers, Pedlars, or Petty chapmen be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred Penalty on pe and five, every Person, who being actually trading as an Hawker, Pedlar, or Petty Chapman (for which Jar letting out his he or he ought to have a Licence, pursuant to this or the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late 01 her icence' majesty's Reign) hall not, upon Demand, have his, her, or their Licences ready to be produced, hall be adjudged to forfeit, as if such Person had traded without any Licence granted to him, her, or them; and such Person in that Case shall and maybe committed, and the Forfeiture recovered and levied in such Manner, as is directed by this or any of the former Acts for licensing Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, in case of trading without Licence: And that from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and five, in case any person shall lend or let out to hire any Licence to him or her granted, the Person lending or letting out to hire such Licence, and the Person trading under Colour of the same, hall either of them forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds, one Moiety thereof to the queen's Ma _ the other Moiety thereof to any Person that will inform or sue for the same, to be recovered, with Coils of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, and the Person so lending or letting out to hire such Licence shall also forfeit the same.

V. And for the increasing her Majesty's Revenues upon some of the Commodities before in this Act charged (to wit) upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon,

Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, to be imported within or during the Term herein after mentioned; and to the End more Money may be raised thereby for carrying 011 the said War, and other her Majesty's most necessary Occasions, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be answered Duties on cof and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all and all Manner of Coffee, Cocoa see, C conti nuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, which shall nued« and to be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, at Huffed ddi any Time or Times after the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four, and before the four tiona^duty. and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, over and above all Duties, and addi ro Geo. 1. C 10. tional Duties already payable for the same, or any of them, by any other Law now in force, and over is Geo. i. c. 26, and above the said continued Duties chargeable thereupon by this Act, the new additional Rates and Sums following; that is to say, For every hundred Weight of Coffee imported as aforesaid, accounting D, ", ss one hundred and twelve Pounds to the Hundred, six and fifty Shillings of lawful English Money; for every hundred Weight of Coconuts imported, and containing as aforesaid, from any the Plantations

168 C. 4. Anno tertio & quarto annReginae. A.D. 1704.

Coconuts 56s.

belonging to the Crown of England, six and fifty Shillings; for every hundred Weight of Coconuts Tr Hi epk ta i m ported and containing as aforesaid, from any other country or Place from whence they may by tfcm: From any Law be imported, four Pounds and four Shillings of like lawful English Money; for every Pound of other"country Chocolate ready made, and imported as aforesaid, one Shilling; for every Pound of Cocoa piste, im 4.1.4s, percent, ported as aforesaid, two Shillings; for every Pound of Tea, regularly imported as aforesaid, from chocolate im whence the same might lawfully have been imported before the making of the said Act of the sixth Year. II Cocoa Paste's late majesty's Reign, one Shilling; for every Pound of Tea, imported as aforesaid, from Bois.

per lib. Tea hud, or any other Country, not the Place of its growth, or usual shipping, two Shillings and six ib. Tea Pence, and so proportionally for any greater or lelier Quantity of any the Commodities imported as

aforesaid respectively; for all Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, and Mace imported as aforesaid, five Pounds for every hundred Pounds Value thereof, according to the several Values charged on them respectively in the Book of Rates, and foin proportion for any greater or lester Quantity thereof; and for all Pictures imported within the Time aforesaid, whether for private Use, or Sale (which are hereby permitted to be imported during the Continuance of this Act, any Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding) twenty Pounds of lawful English Money per Centum of the Value, to be affirmed by the Oath of the

j s. per lib, imported from Holland, C 2 s.

6 d, per lib;

Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Clovesr and Mace imported 5 1. per

p(, a "tres Importer, and foin proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity thereof.

Proviso for importing Nutmegs, Cinnamon, G,

See farther concerning Spices 6 Ann. C 16.

8 Ann. C 7*

9 Ann. C 6.

jo Ann. C 26.

& Geo. 1. c. 21.

8 Geo. 1. c. 15

& r

portation, C

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to import into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon. Tiveed, during the Continuance of this Act, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Tea, subject to the several Duties payable for the same, from any Parts beyond the Seas, in English Ships, so as th Master, and at leaf! one Moiety of the Mariners, during the Continuance of the present War, be englishmen; so as after the End of this War, and during the Continuance of this Act, the Master and at least three Fourths of the Mariners be English, and so as Notice be first given to the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs, of the Quality and Quantity of the said Spices and Tea so intended to be imported, and the Place in which they intend to import the same; and taking a Licence under the Hands of the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, or any three of them, for the lading and importing thereof as aforesaid; which Licence they are hereby authorised and required to grant with repeam as to out any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the same; any Law, Custom or Tea by 7 Geo. t. Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Cap. at. r. I .'

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the additional Duties last mentioned, for >wcdbonkex" an upon the Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, J'" C X ]Tace, an(j Pictures, to be imported from and after the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four, at any Time or Times before the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, and all Arrearages thereof (over and above all other Duties on the same Commodities respectively) shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, to the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Drawbacks, Allowances, and Repayments to be made, of or out of the said additional Duties last mentioned respectively, upon the Exportation of the said Commodities lafir enumerated (Coffee, Tea, and Coconuts, for which other Provision is made by this Act, only excepted) or any of them respectively, as the like respective Duties, by virtue of the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or by virtue of this present Act, or any other Act now in Force relating thereunto, are to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, or accounted for, during the Continuance thereof respectively; and upon the Exportation of Coffee, Tea, and Coconuts, within the Times limited by Law, so much as shall have been paid for the same, for such of the said Duties as are by this Act to commence from the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four, shall be repaid to the Exporter, under such Regulations as are prescribed by any former Acts for Drawbacks, in case of Exportation of those Commodities respectively.

VIII. And her Majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament afiem bled, being desirous by the moll reasonable Ways and Means to raise the Moneys necessary for carrying on the said War, and other her Majesty's important Occasions, have for that End and Purpose also, given and granted to her Majesty the further Duties herein after mentioned: And be it enacted, it is wh?c" hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be answered and paid to her Majesty, Caliicoes Porce her Heirs and successors, for and upon all white Calicoes, Porcelan, commonly called China Ware, and, Jan, and Drugs. Drugs (except Drugs for dying) which from and after the first Day of February one thousand seven hun Continued by dred and four, and at any Time or Times before the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand o Anne?, C 22. seven hundred and ten, are or shall be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or perpetuated'by"1" own f Berwick upon Tweed (over and above all other Duties payable for the same at the Custom 7 Anna., C 7. house) the farther Rates and Sums following; that is to say, For and upon all white Calicoes (by which are meant, all Calicoes which do not pay Duties as Muslins, and all Dimities and other Manufactures made of Cotton) which within the Times aforesaid shall be imported as aforesaid, a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds of lawful English Money for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the said Calicoes, to be ascertained upon the Sale at the Candle, as is herein after mentioned; and for and upon all Porcelan, commonly called China or Japan. Ware, made of Earth, which within the Times aforesaid are or shall be imported as aforesaid, a Duty after the Rate of twelve Pounds of like Money for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, to be also ascertained by the Sale at the Candle, as is herein after mentioned; and for and upon all Drugs (dying Drugs excepted) which are rated in the Book of Rates, and are or shall be imported as aforesaid, a Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds of

See 7 Geo. flat. i. C: f. n.

{. 26/

Calicoes 15!, percent. China Wares 121. percent.

Drugs (except dying Drugs) joh percent.

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Annje Reginae. C 4. 169

of like Money for every hundred Pounds worth thereof, according to the several Values charged on them respectively in the said Book of Rates; and for and upon unrated Drugs (dying Drugs excepted) Unrated Drugs which are or hall be imported within the Days and Times last mentioned, a Duty after the Rate of four 4l percent. Pounds of like Money for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, to be ascertained as is herein after mentioned, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity of any the Commodities last mentioned respectively: it is hereby declared, That by unrated Drugs, chargeable by this What is meant Act, are meant, all Bark called Clove Bark, all Bark called Jesuits Bark, Callabajha, cajjena, Feechia, by unrated Brugiata, Grana Germanica, Gum Mountjack, Jessamine Ointment, Lapis Hyacbitbiee, Oil of Anniseeds, D: uts oil of carraway seeds, Oil of Cinnamon, Oil of Cloves, Oil of Copavia, or Balsam of Gopavia, Oil of Juniper, Oil of Lignum Rhodium, Oil of Peony, Oil of Saffafrafs, Pomatum, Sal Tamarifca, and all Chemical Salts, Snake Root, ferra Dulcis, Turpentine of Germany, all Chemical Preparations, Physical Oils and Medicinal Drugs (excepting unrated Drugs used for dying, and except Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, and Coconuts.) And it is hereby also declared, That by such dying Goods, as are by this Act, or any other Acts, exempted from Payment of the respective Duties by this or the said other Acts granted, are meant the Goods following (viz.) Aquafortis, Argoll, Anotto, Allom of all Sorts, Archelia or Spanish Weed, Cocheneal, Cream of Tartar, Copperas of all Sorts, Gqm Arabic, Gum Seneca,

Sticlclack, Cakelack, Madder Roots, or Rubea Tindtorum, Saunders Red, Sal Armoniack, Sal Gem,

Turnefole, Verdigrease, Ifing Glass, Platain, Litharge of all Sorts, Bayberries, Antimony, Pomegra r By i Geo. i. nate, Pills Arsenic, Agarick, Senna, Gauls, Indico of all Sorts, Litmus, Madder of all Sorts, Or 43; chall, Safflore, Shumack, Cajfumba, Log Wood, brazilewood, Braziletto Wood, Nickerago Wood, 3- §5nl?a Is Fustick, redwood, Sapanwood, Woad, Weld, Valonia Grain or Scarlet Powder, Grain of Sevil in to utlcj*

Berries, and Grains of Portugal or Rota, English Berries from the Plantations, French Berries, and Salt Petre.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties hereby granted for and How the Duties upon all white Calicoes imported, hall be secured, ascertained, valued, raised, levied, collected, an "n.9)allk°es fwered and paid, according the gross Price thereof, upon Sale at the Candle, by such Ways and Means, tahied anypiid and subject to such or the like Allowances, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner p '

and Form, as the Duties of fifteen per Centum on Mullins imported, by the said Act of the twelfth Year isw. j. C ir. of his said late majesty's Reign, are to be secured, raised, levied, collected, answered or paid; and that the said respective Duties hereby granted, for and upon the said China or Japan Ware, and for and upon and the Duties all such of the said unrated Drugs, imported from the Ka Indies, Perfta, China, or other Parts within on Ware the Limits of the Charters granted to the East India Companies, hall be secured, ascertained, valued, ajldunrated raised, levied, collected, answered and paid, according to the Prices thereof, upon Sale at the Candle, rugs by such Ways and Means, and with such several and respective Allowances, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties of unrated Goods from the East Indies,

China, or other Parts within the Limits of the Charters granted to the East India Companies, are enacted, prescribed, or appointed to be secured, ascertained, valued, raised, levied, collected, answered or paid, by an Act passed in the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty^Anna:, C 9i an additional Subsidy of Funnage and Poundage for three Tears, and for laying a further Duty upon French J Vines condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported from the East Indies: And that the Value of all such of the said unrated Drugs, as shall be imported from any Parts or Places (other than the East Indies, Persia, China, and other Parts within the Limits of the Charters aforesaid) according to which the said Duty of four per Centum is to be paid, hall be affirmed by the Oaths of the Importers of such Drugs respectively.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties of four per Centum, Importer to pay by this Act imposed upon unrated Drugs, imported from Parts not within the Limits of the Charters the 41 percent granted to the said east-india Companies, hall be paid by the respective Importers of the same upon the dfugsn, rate Importation thereof.

XI. And it is hereby enacted, That in case any of the said Calicoes, China Ware, rated or unrated Goods landed Drugs, hereby charged as aforesaid, shall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before before Entry due Entry be made thereof at the customhouse in the Port or Place where the lame shall be imported, forfeite<1' and before the said Duties by this Act charged or chargeable thereupon hall be secured or paid, as this Act doth require in the respective Cases aforesaid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering the fame, first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, that all such imported Calicoes, China Ware, and Drugs, as shall be so landed and put oil Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of the same, hall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or recovered of the importer or Proprietor thereof (to wit) two Thirds of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors (he or they bearing the Charge of Prosecution) and the other Third to the Ufa of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, by Action, Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no ef foin, Protection, or Wager of Law hall be allowed.

XII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case onexportatioa any of the said Calicoes and China Wares, upon which the said further Duties by this Act granted are r^16310 C rc" paid or secured to be paid as aforesaid, be again exported at any Time or Times within twelve Months < These twelve, by English, or within nine Months by Aliens; or if any of the said rated or unrated Drugs, for which nine, and eigh

'i the said further Duties by this Act granted hall be paid as aforesaid, be again exported by any english teen Months, are Merchants within eighteen Months, or by Aliens within nine Months, to be accounted from the respectycarfb to qk<: tive Times of the Entry of the said Goods inwards, and that due Proof be first: made upon Oath, that j. " t \ 7c

170 C 4-

Anno tertio & quarto Ann Reginae. A.D. 1704.

Duties to be piid into the Exchequer,

Wholesale Traders not no be deemed Pedlars,

[Proviso.]

Clause of Loan not exceeding 700, 0001. at 6j. percent,

12 W. 3. C 11.

See 6 Annae, cjzz. 8s 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. §. 19.-

Money to be paid into the Exchequer.

abook to be kept for entering the same.

tallies.of Loan to be levied. Orders for Repayment.

Interest pa; d every 3 Months,

Orders may be assigned.

A distjn& Register to be kept of all the Orders of Repayment. Orders to be paid in Course.

No See to be taken for re giftring or Searches. Penalty,

the said Calicoes, China Wares, and Drugs so exported be the same for which the said Duties are paid and secured to be paid as aforesaid, that then and in every i'uch Case (and not otherwise) the same Duties so paid flail, without any Delay or Reward, be wholly repaid out of any the Duties, on imported Commodities by this Atil granted, or the Security, for such of the said Duties as shall be secured, shall be vacated, as to so much of the said Calicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, as shall be so exported; anything; in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all the Duties by this Act granted or continued (except the necessary Charges for raising and managing the same) shall, from time to time, by the respective receivers thereof, be brought into her Majesty's Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned.

XIV. Provided nevertheless, That whereas several Doubts have arisen touching Traders in the woollen or Linen Manufactures, who trade by Wholesale, and let many thousands of Poor to work, and yet, for want of the Convenience of Water Carriage, are obliged to send their Goods, when manufactured, by Horses and otherwise to the public Markets, Fairs, and other Places; Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons trading in the Woollen or Linen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and selling the same by Wholesale, shall not be deemed or taken to be Hawkers, pedla s, or Petty Chapmen within this or any other Act, but that such Person or Persons, and those that shall be immediately employed under them to sell by Wholesale only, may carry abroad, expose, and fell the said Manufactures: anything in this Act or any other Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That no Goods or Merchandizes imported or brought into any Ports of England or tfales, before the said first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four, and afterwards imported or brought into any other Port or Ports of this Kingdom from the Ports where they so first arrived, shall be liable to pay the new Duties by this Act granted, to commence from the same first Day of February; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwit listanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted hv the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to lend to her Majesty, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon Credit of all the Moneys which flail arise by the said Act of the twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, after Satisfaction of all the Loans, not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, made thereupon, and all the Interest due and to be due for the said Loans, and every of them, or reserving sufficient to satisfy the same, and upon Credit of all the several Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extradition, Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Cocoa, Spices, and Pictures, Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and Muslins, by this Act continued as aforesaid, and upon credit.of the additional duties of Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Cocoa, Spices, and Pictures, by this Act granted, and of the new Duties upon Calicoes, China Ware, and Drugs, and upon Credit of all other Duties by this Act granted or continued; any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum.

XVII. And to the End all the Money, that shall be so lent to her Majesty, may be well and sufficiently secured and repaid with Interest as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising by the said Duties, upon which the said Loans are to be made (other than the necessary Charges of raising and managing the said Duties) shall be brought and paid from Time to Time weekly into the Receipt of the Exchequer; that is to say, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then the next Day after that is not an Holiday; and that there shall be provided and kept in her Majesty's Exchequer, that is to say, in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, one Book, in which all the said Moneys, which shall be so paid into the Exchequer, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, upon any Account whatsoever

- And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, upon making of such Loans to be made in pursuance of this Act as aforesaid., Tallies of Loan shall be levied for all and every Sum and Sums of Money so to be lent; and that Orders, according to the Course of the Exchequer shall be drawn and signed for Repayment of the same, and for Payment of such Interest as aforesaid, for the Forbearance thereof, the said Interest to be paid every three Months, until Satisfaction of the Principal Sum; and that all and every such Order and Orders, and the Moneys therein to be contained, or any Part thereof, shall be assignable and transferrable without Power of Revocation, so as the Alignments thereof be indorsed upon the respective Orders, and entered and notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, in a Book to be there kept for that Purpose; and that a distinct Register shall be kept in the said Receipt of Exchequer of all the said Orders of Repayment, not exceeding seven hundred thousand Pounds Principal Money, in which the said Orders shall be registered in course, according to the Date of the Tallies respectively, without any other Preference of one before another; and that every Person shall be paid in Course, as his Order flail stand entered in such Register Book, out of the Moneys arising by the said Duties or Payments, upon the Credit whereof the said Loans shall be made as aforesaid, which are hereby appropriated thereunto; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, shall be demanded or taken for providing or making any such Book or Register, or for any View or Search in the same, by any of her Majesty's Officers, their Clerks or Deputies; on Pain of forfeiting treble Damages to the Party grieved, with treble Costs of Suit, to be recovered by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by any

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto anne Reginae. C 5. 171

Person or Persons who will sue for the same, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of law, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed, either for demanding or taking any such Fee or Gratuity, or for giving any undue Preference in Point of Registry or Payment, or for diverting or misapplying any of the Moneys of the said Duties, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act.

XIX. Provided always, That if it shall happen that several of those Tallies and Orders bear Date, or No undue prese be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, it shall be interpeted no undue rence preference which of those be entered first.

XX. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor director the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other persons that did not come to demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders in course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them; yet so as that Interest of Loan shall in that case cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

CAP. V.

An Act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported. 'two thirds

Subsidy

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of your jw, 3. C3.

majesty's late Royal Brother King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled An act this Duty is Ati for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy oftunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum ofm ie perpetual seven hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majestys Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, du /ceo C i'z ' ring his Majesty's Life, it was enacted, That over and above all Subsidies oftunnage and Poundage, qcj c' g.' 1 and over and above all additional Duties, Impositions, and other Duties whatsoever, therein mentioned, & 5 Geo. ic 3. ' there should be raised and paid to his Majesty one other Subsidy, called Tunnage, for and upon ail and Part of the 1 Wines, which from and after the last Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six bun a3orceatefunj' dred ninety-nine, at any Time or Times during his Majesty's Life, should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and one further Subsidy, called Poundage, of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes imported or brought into this Realm, or any his Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times after the said last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, during his Majesty's Life, by Way of Mer ' chandize (except such Goods and Merchandizes as are therein excepted) and with such Abatements,

Regulations, Directions for making Repayments or Allowances upon Exportation, and subject to such Rules, and other Matters and Things touching the said several Subsidies, as in the said Act are exprel fed; which said further Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods,

and Merchandizes, granted by the at above recited, are to be raised and paid to your Majesty during your Life, by Virtue of another Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of your majesty's ' Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesys Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity off Anns, flat.

the Crown: And by another Act made and passed in the isecond Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, C 7/ C An Act for granting to her majesty an additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundagefor three Tears, and for lay 1 Ann, c' C 9ing a further Duty upon French Wines condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported from the East Indies, a further Subsidy oftunnage upon all Wines, which were to be imported during the Term therein mentioned (that is to say) one third Part of such or the like Duties,

as by the said recited Acts, or either of them, were imposed upon Wines; and one other Subsidy of See 5 Geo. 1.

Poundage of Goods and Merchandizes, which were to be imported during the Term therein mentioned C 3- §34'

(that is to say) one third Part of such or the like several Duties as by the said recited Acts, or either of them,

arc imposed upon the same Goods and Merchandizes respectively (except as therein is excepted) are already granted to your Majesty, in the Manner therein expressed, as by the said several Acts (Relation being the re untoseverally had) may more fully appear: 'Now v/e your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, for the better enabling your Majesty to carry on the present War, and to defray your other necessary Expellees, do cheerfully and unanimously give and grant unto your most Excellent Majesty die additional Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, herein after mentioned, and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted: be it enacted by the queen's most Excelfent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That over Additional Du and above the Subsidies of t'unnage and Poundage abovementioned, and over and above all other Subfi tv of Tunnage" dies, additional Duties, Impositions, and Payments whatsoever, by any aether Act or Acts of Parliament, granted for or otherwise however already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty for or upon any Ycais.

Wines, Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, imported or to be imported, there shall be raised, levied, rollefted, paid, and satisfied upto her Majesty, one other Subsidy, called Tunnage, for and upon all On all Wines Wines, which from and after the eighth Day of March one thousand' seven hundred and four, at any imported.

Time or Times within or during the Space of four Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, hall be imported or brought into the Kingdom ofengland, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed (that is to say) two third Parts of such or the like several and respective Duties, as b the sud ft of the ninth Year of his said Did majesty's Reign were granted, and by the said Act of the first Year flier majesty's Reign ar? continued and payable for or upon any kind of Wine or Wines respectively

Z? And

172 C 5. Anno tertio & quarto anne Reginae. A. d.1704.

Additional

Poundage.

See 11 Geo. I. C 7.'

Except Tobacco and Currans, and

Sugar from the English Plantations.

Duties how to be raised and levied, and Drawbacks proportioned.

Currans imported in Venetian Ships provided for by 8 Anns, C 23. f. 21.'

Acts aforesaid to be in Force for levying the Duties hereby granted.

Exception.

Penalty on Officer taking See for Entry, C

provub#

Act not to affect Foreign Stores sold for the Use of the Navy.

Clause of Loan not to exceed 636, 957l. sob.

with Interest at 61. percent.

Moneys lent not to be taxed. Lenders to have Tallies of Loan, and Orders for re payment. Orders to be registered and paid in Course,

And one other Subsidy, called Poundage, of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes to be imported or brought into this Realm, or any her Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times after the said eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four, during the said Term of four Years, by way of Merchandise (that is to say) Two third Parts of such or the like several and respective Duties, as by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign were granted, and by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign are continued and payable for or upon the same Goods and Merchandizes respectively; except Tobacco, and such Currans as shall be imported in English built Shipping, navigated according to the Laws now in Force, and Sugar from the English Plantations, and such Goods and other Merchandizes as by the two Acts last mentioned, or either of them, are exempted from Payment of the Subsidies thereby granted.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases where by the said two Acts last mentioned, or either of them, any Drawbacks or Abatements are to be made of the whole or any Part of the Duties thereby imposed, there shall be in the like Cases proportionable Drawbacks and Abatements made of the whole or Part of the Duties by this Act granted respectively; that the several Subsidies and Duties by this Act granted, during the Continuance thereof, shall be raised, collected, levied, secured, and paid, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Rules and Directions, as in and by the said former Acts, or any of them, are prescribed or appointed touching or concerning the said Subsidies of Turnage and Poundage, which were thereby granted, as aforesaid; and that every Article Rule, and Clause contained in the said recited Acts, or any of them, concerning the said Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage formerly granted, as aforesaid, and now in Force, so far forth as the same do or may relate to the Subsidies or Duties formerly granted, as aforesaid, hall be used, exercised, and put in Practice, for the raising, levying, collecting, and answering the Subsidies and Duties hereby before granted, as fully and effectually, as if the same Articles, Rules and Clauses, and every of them, were again particularly and at large recited and re enacted in the Body of this present Act; except only as to such of the said Articles, Rules, and Clauses, touching which other Provisions, Alterations, or Exemptions are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being; which other Provisions, Alterations or Exemptions shall be observed, with respect to the Duties hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, in the same Manner as they are to be observed with Respect to the said Subsidies formerly granted, as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officers of her Majesty's Customs, or any of them, or any of their Clerks or Substitutes, hall not directly or indirectly receive, take, or demand any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, from any her Majesty's Subjects or Aliens for any Entry, Warrant, Debenture, Certificate, Cocquet, or other Matter or Thing to be done or performed by them or any of them, in relation only to the said Subsidies, of Tunnage and Poundage hereinbefore granted; on Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence the Sum of forty Pounds (to wit) One third thereof to her Majesty, and the other two Thirds thereof (besides Costs of Suit) to the Party grieved, who may sue for the lame by Action of Debt, or on the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed,

IV. Provided, That nothing in this Act shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge any Goods or Merchandise chargeable by this Act, imported in any Port of England or Wales before the said eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the new or additional Duties imposed by this Act, shall not extend to affect such foreign Stores, as have been sold to the Use of her Majesty's Navy, by Contrast with the Navy Board, before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and four, so as a Certificate be given from the Commissioners of the Navy, that such Foreign Stores have been so contrasted for by them for her Majesty's Service, as aforesaid; so as the Importer of the same do make Oath before the Commissioners appointed to manage the Customs (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) of the Truth of the said Contrast, and that he will deliver the said Goods into her Majesty's Stores, pursuant to the Contrast so certified by the Commissioners of the Navy.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising by the said Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other the Duties hereby °; ranted, as aforesaid (except the r.eceliary Charges of raising and answering the same) shall from Time to Time be brought and paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to lend to her Majesty at the said Receipt, upon Credit thereof, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of six hundred thirty-six thou nine hundred fifty seven Pounds four Shillings and a Halfpenny; and to have and receive, for the Forbearance thereof, Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum to be paid every three Months from the making of such Loans, until Satisfaction of the principal Sums respectively; that I the Moneys so to be lent hall not be rated or assessed to any Tax or Assessment whatsoever; that every such Lender hall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the Money by him, her, or them r lent, and an Order of the same Date for repayment thereof, with such Interest as aforesaid; that all such Orders shall be registered in course, according to their Dates, on a Register to be kept by the Auditor of the said Receipt for that Purpose; all Persons on the said Register hall be paid in course, as their Orders hall stand registered, so as the Person, Native or Foreigner, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, whose Orders shall be first registered, shall be accounted the Person to be first paid out of the Money to come in by this Act; and he or they, who hall have his or their Order or Orders next entered

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & Ann, e Regime. C 5. 173

tred, shall be taken to be the second Person to be paid, and foin course; and that the Moneys to

come in by the said Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other the Duties hereby granted, shall be in the same Order liable to the Satisfaction of the said respective Persons, their Executors, Admini No undue Pre

strators, or Assigns successively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and ference

shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee, Nor See to beta

Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any of her Majesty's Subjects for ken for Entries,

providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Search in or for Payment cof

Money lent, or the Inhered thereof, as aforesaid, by any of her Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Penalty on Offi

Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party aggrieved by the Party offend cers of clerks

ing, with treble Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or Demand any such Fee or Reward, then cffendlns«

to lose his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in point of

Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the

Party offending shall be liable, by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with

Damages and Costs, to the Party grieved, and shall be for ever incapable of his Place or Office; and if

such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master,

then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be

for ever after incapable of his Place or Office -, and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not director

the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each person's due Place

and Order, as afore directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies

and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner

as aforesaid: which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs, to be incurred by any of the

Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of

Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at we/iminster, wherein no

Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise

granted or allowed.

VII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or what hall not Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt be accounted unto be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as hedue Preference, enters them all the same Day.

VIII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in their Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept '

for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall Orders may be be due for Loans by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register, as aforesaid, his or assigned, and af their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by Endorsement of his Order, may assign or transfer his mayaffigij Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other; which beingasain* notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also

made in the said Book of Registry (which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly_ make) shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so tides guides, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons, who shall make such Assignments, to make void, release, or discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due or any Part thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall be lent to Moneys how her Majesty on the Credit of the said Subsidies and Duties by this Act granted, and all the Moneys which propriated, are or shall he lent, contributed, or advanced to her Majesty, upon every or any other Act or Acts of this Session of Parliament, for granting any Aid or Supply to her Majesty for carrying on the present War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions; and so much of the several Taxes and Duties granted in this Session of Parliament for the Purposes aforesaid, and charged or chargeable with Loans made or to be made thereupon, as shall remain (over and above the Moneys thereof which are in the first Place to go and be applied in Repayment and Satisfaction of all the said Loans, made or to be made thereupon, or upon any of them, and the Interest thereof respectively, and over and above the Charges to be allowed for raising the said Taxes and Duties respectively) shall be appropriated, issued, and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed (that is to say) for or towards the Defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages, Wear, Tear, and other Services of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for the Sea Service in the Office of the Ordnance, performed and to be performed, for or towards the supplying of Ordnance Stores for Sea Service, and for and towards the making of a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth, and for paying the Bounty or Reward, which her Majesty shall be pleased to bestow, in Consideration of the good Service of those who were on Board, her Majesty's Fleet, or at Gibralter, at the Time of the late Engagement in the Mediterranean Sea, and for or towards the Land Services, performed and to be performed, by the said Office of the Ordnance, and to and for Subsistence, off reckonings, and clearings for one Year, from the three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and four, to her Majesty's Guards and Garisons in England,

and

174 C

Anno tertio 6c quarto anne Reginae. A.D. 1704.

Proviso towards Maintenance of the Soldiers raised for Sea Service.

( i2car. 2. cis. 25 Car. C 7.'

Th's extended to Copper Ore by 8 Geo. 1. C8. 4. 22.'

Rice hipped in Carolina in America, may be carried to any Part of Europe Southward of Cape fi rufterre, &c.

3 Geo. 2. c. 28. 1. z

From 29 Sept.

3 705. Rice and Mellafli s to be under the like Securities as other Plantation Goods, C Cargo of the Kern Frigot exempted from the new Duties.

and the Dominions thereunto belonging [Ireland excepted) and the contingent Charges of the same; and for Payment of Invalids for the said Year, beginning from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and four; and for or towards the defraying the Charge of her Majesty's Army, and such Forces as are or shall be added thereunto in the Low Countries, or Germany, within or for one Year, to be reckoned from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and four, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and for paying the Bounty or Reward which her Majesty shall be pleased to bestow, in Consideration of the good Services performed by her Land Forces in Germany, during the raft Summer; and for or towards the defraying her Majesty's Part of the Charge of the Forces acting or to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the King of Portugal, until or at any Time before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five; and for defraying extraordinary Expenses of the War in the Year one thousand seven hundred and three, pursuant to the late Treaty with Portugal, and for or towards the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies due upon Treaties made, or to be made, with her Majesty's Allies, and aether Charges for the Service of War, for any Time before, or until the said five and twentieth Day C (December one thousand seven hundred and five; and for or towards the recruiting the Horses of the English Ho: fe and Dragoons lost at the Battles of Schellemberg and Blenheim; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Levy Money, to recruit the Men and Horses of the Foreigners in the Pay of her Majesty and of the States General of the United Provinces of the Netherlands, which were lost in the same Battles; and for or towards discharging of the Preeminms, and other Charges, for circulating the Bibs commonly called Exchequer Bills; and for cr towards the Charge of Transportation of the Land Forces, ptrforu ed and to be performed; and for and towards the Charge of raising and maintaining five thousand additional Forces, to enable her Majesty to supply the like Number of Men to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, to serve with the Fleet; and for Payment of another year's Interest, after the Rate of five Pounds percent, for the unsatisfied Debentures charged on the Irish Forfeitures; and for or towards the Sums to be paid by her Majesty to the King of pntjjia, pursuant to the late Treaty made with him for the Support of the Duke of Savoy, and to none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XI. Provided always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons, as aforesaid, there nail and may be taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, to wards the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers raised and to be raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and out of the Moneys to be iitued for the Service of the Navy and tea Services, as aforesaid, there shall be taken and applied such Sums, as, together with the said Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, shall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXII. And whereas by the Adds made in the twelfth and five and twentieth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, the former intituled, An Act for the encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation, and the latter, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of the Greenland and East land Trade, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade, certain Commodities therein enumerated, of the Growth, Production, or Manufacture of any of the English Plantations in America, Afm, or Jlfrica,

are obliged to be imported into this Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick up on Tweed, or to some other of the said Plantations, under the Securities and Penalties in the said Acts particularly mentioned, to the end this Kingdom might be made a Staple, not only of the Commodities of those Plantations, but also of the Commodities of other Countries, for supplying the m; since the '.making of which Laws several Commodities, which are not in the said Acts particularly enumerated,

such as Rice and Melasses, are produced and made in the said Plantations, and carried to diverse foreign Markets in Europe, without being first brought into this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the aforesaid Laws, to the great Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the lefiening the Correspondence and p^eiation between this Kingdom and the aforesaid Plantations For the Prevention whereof for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and five, ail Rice and Melasses shall be under the like Securities and Penalties restrained to be imported into this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick aforesaid, as by the fore recited Adds, or either of them, is provided for the Goods therein particularly enumerated.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That nothing in this Act contained, or any other Act of Parliament passed this Sessions, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Cargo, or any of the Goods or Merchandizes

in the Ship called the Hern Frigot, William Morris Matter thereof (which into Limerick in Ireland by a French Privateer, in the Month

Lord Treasurer cn rompoond which thcsureties of llavni mtj Rootle; -,

came from the Wcf Indies, and was chased of July raft, and was forced to lie there until lately, for want of a Convoy, so that flic could not arrive at Plymouth until the sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four) with any of the new Duties laid upon any of the said Goods and Merchandizes, to commence from the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four; anything in this, or in any other Act of Parliament passed this Session, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas raymondroodey, late of the City of Chester, Merchant, became indebted to his late Majesty King William, of glorious Memory, in several Sums of Money, for Customs, Impositions, and other Duties upon Goods imported, and entered into several Bonds to his said Majesty, with Sureties, for Payment of the same; And whereas the said Raymond Roodev is since dead, and his Effects not vifibe in

England,

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Anna; Reginae. C 6. 175

England, and his Sureties have failed in their Credit, and are not able to pay the full Sums for which.

they <0 stand respectively engaged, but may by the Assistance of Friends, pay some Part of the said Debts

4 to her Majesty, in case a Composition be made with them for the same / Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of her

majesty's Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, at any Time before the five and

twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, to make such Composition or Agreement,

as to him or them shall seem reasonable, with the respective Sureties of the said Raymond Roodcy, their

Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, for such Debts as aforesaid; upon Payment of the Money so and on Payment,

compounded for, to cause the said Sureties, their Heirs, Executors, and Administrators respectively, to e

be discharged of and from the said Bonds; but that the said Raymond Roodcy, his Heirs, Executors, and '

Administrators, and every of them, shall stand charged, and be liable to the Payment of the Money due

upon the said Bonds; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. VI.

An for the better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred of ivootton, to the Duke of Marlborough and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed to her Majesty and the Public.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the eminent and unparalleled Services performed to your Majesty and the Crown of

England, by the most noble John Duke of Marlborough, are well known, not only to your Majesty, and to all your Subjects, but to all Europe, who will always remember, That the Alliances which your majesty's Royal Brother King William the Third, of glorious: viemory, had, in a'little Time before his Death, contracted by the Ministry of the said Duke of Marlborough, as his Majesty's ' Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces, for pre

the Liberties of Europe, against the Ambition of France, were immediately after your majesty's ' happy Accession to the Throne, by the said Duke, then employed by your Majesty in the same Character,

confirmed and improved, and others were contracted, whereby the Confederacy, which had been dissolved at the End of the last War, was reunited in a stricter and firmer League: And that in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, the said Duke of Marlborough did so well execute the Commission and Orders which he received from your Majesty, as captain-general and Commander in Chief of your majesty's 4 So ces, that he not only secured and extended the Frontier of Holland, by taking the Towns and Fortresses of Venlo, Ruremond, Stevenfvueart, and Liege, but loon obliged the Enemy (who had been at the Gates of Nemighen) to seek Shelter behind their Lines; and the next Campaign, by taking Bon, Huy,

and Lhnbourg, added all the Country between the Rhine and the Maes to the Conquest of the preceding Year: And that in the memorable Year one thousand seven hundred and four, when your Majesty was generously pleased to take the Resolution of refeuing the Empire from that immediate Ruin, to which,

4 by the Defection of the elector of Bavaria, it was exposed, the Measures, which by your majesty's Wif dom and Goodness had been devised and conferted, were pursued by the said Duke with the utmost Dili gence, Secrecy, and good conduct, in leading the Forces of your Majesty, and your Allies, by a long and difficult March, to the Banks of the Danube, where the said Duke did immediately upon his Arrival,

attack and force the Bavarians (assisted by the French) in their strong Intrenchments at Schellenberg, passed the Danube, distressed the Country of Bavaria, and a second Time sought the Enemies, who had Been re enforced by a Royal Army of the French King's belt Troops, commanded by a Marshal of France; and on the second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and four, after a bloody Battle, at or near Blen helm (although the Enemies had the Advantages of Number and Situation) did gain as absolute and glo rious a vicfory, as is recorded in the History of any Age; by which Bavaria being entirely reduced, Ra 4 tisben, Aitgsbourg, Vim, Memminghen, and other Imperial Towns recovered, the Liberty of the Diet and the Peace of the Empire was restored, and Landau, Treves, and Traerbach, being taken, the War is carried 4 "into the Dominions of France: And forasmuch as the happy Achievements of the said Duke, having apparently tended not only to the Honour and Safety of your Majesty, and your Subjects, and of their

I Posterity, but also towards the future Tranquillity of Europe, your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, thought themselves obliged, in an humble Address to your Majesty, not only to express their great Sense of the said glorious Victories, but also humbly to desire your Majesty, that you would be graciously pleased to consider of some proper Means to perpetuate the Memory of such signal Services: And your Majesty having been thereupon pleased to fig nify your Intention to grant the Interest of the Crown in the Honour and Manor of ivoodfiock and the Hundred of ivootton, to the said Duke and his Heirs your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, 'the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, duly considering the good and prudent Provision made by your Majesty, by an act of Parliament in the first Year of our Reign, for preserving the Inheritance of i Ann: ?, flat, i, several Revenues of the Crown, and believing that the Settlement of the said Honour, Manor, and Hun C 7* dred, on the said Duke and his Heirs, can make no Precedent for Cases where there is or shall be less Merit, do most humbly, cheerfully, and unanimously beseech your Majesty that it may be enacred; and ' be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

3. same.

176 C 6.

Anno tertio & quarto Ann, Regina. A.D. 1704.

Crant of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by any Letters Manor of Wood Patents under the Great Seal of England, hereafter to be made, to give and grant unto the said John j0ckf2vhun" Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs and Assigns for ever, or to any other Person or Persons to the Use tole Duke of*f or 'n Trull for the said Duke, his Heirs and altigns for ever, all that the Honour and Manor of Wood marlborough stock, with the Rights, Members and Appurtenances thereof, situate, lying, and being in the County of and his Heirs. Oxon, and all that the Hundred of Wootton, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, in the said County of Oxon, and all those the Manors, or reputed Manors of Hardley, Wootton, Old Wood stock, Hanborough, Stonesfield, Comb, and Bladon, with the Advowsons of the Rectories, Vicarages, or Churches of Bladon or Stonesfield, and all the Rights, Members and Appurtenances, to them or any of them belonging, in the County of Oxon aforesaid; all Quit Rents, Rents of Assize, Chief Rents, Old Rents, Free Rents, Copyhold and Customary Rents, Rent Works, and all other Rents, and yearly Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever, to the said Honour, Hundred, and Manors, or reputed Manors, every or any of them, belonging, or in any wise appertaining, and also all that demolished messuage, Courthouse, or Toft, with the Appurtenances, together with the Site thereof, now or formerly called Woodstock Manor House, firuate, lying, and being in the said County of Oxon, within the Park herein after mentioned; and all Houses, Dove Houses, Edifices, Struftures, Buildings, Barns, Stables, out houses, Orchards, Gardens, Yards, Backsides, Court Yards, and Curtilages to the same belonging or appertaining, containing by Estimation three Acres, one Rood, and fifteen Perches, more or less; also all that Piece or Parcel of Ground, with the Appurtenances, commonly called or known by the Name of Woodstock Park, lying and being in the said County of Oxon, abutting upon Woodstock Town on the East, upon Bladon Parish towards the South, Comb Pari fir on the West, and upon Wootton Parish towards the North, containing in the whole by Estimation one thousand seven hundred ninety three Acres, and two Roods, more or less; all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Podghill, containing by Estimation three Acres, and one Rood, more or less; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now dr lately called or known' by the Name of Little Mill Mead, containing by Estimation two Acres and one Rood, more or less; all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, now or lately called or known by the Name of the Great Mill Mead, containing by Estimation four Acres, two Roods, and thirty seven Perches, more or less; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, now or lately called or known by the Name of the Middle Mead, containing by Estimation three Acres and two Roods, more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Little Park Alead, containing by Estimation nine Acres and thirty-three Perches, more or less; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Tennis Court Mead, containing by Estimation three Acres, three Roods, and nine Perches, be the same more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of the Hopyard, containing by Estimation one Acre, two Roods, and three Perches, more or less; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Flaggmore Mead, containing by Estimation six Acres, three Roods, and' twenty-four Perches, more or less; also all that Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called Mare Moore Mead, containing by Estimation nine Acres, more or less; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or' known by the Name of Staunton Custom, containing by Estimation ten Acres and one Rood, more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Southley Custom, containing by Estimation five Acres and two Roods, more cr less; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, to the last mentioned Meadow adjoining, and now or lately called or known by the Name of the Hill Ground, containing by Estimation one Rood, more or less; all'o all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, Comb Custom, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Comb Custom, containing by Estimation four Acres, more or less; also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with Bladon Custom. the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Bladon Custom, containing by Estimation one Acre and three Roods, more or less; all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Eight Acres, containing by Estimation eleven Acres, two Roods, and twenty-four Perches, more or less; and also all that other Piece' or Parcel of Meadow Ground, wish the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Hanborough Custom, containing by Estimation four Acres and two Roods, more or less; all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of the Pit Mead, containing by Estimation four Acres and five Perches, be the same more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called Borrow Mead, or known by the name of Borrow Alead, containing by Estimation eleven Acres, one Rood, and thirty' Perches, more or less; and also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Thijllehaim, containing by Estimation four Acres, three Roods, and four Perches, more or less; also all that Piece and Parcel of Failure Ground, with the Appurtenances, to the last mentioned Meadow adjoining, now or lately called or known by the Bailiff sturrett. Name of bailiff's Turret, containing by Estimation two Roods and sixteen Perches, more or less; and all that other Piece or Parcel of Pasture Ground, with the Appurtenances, adjoining to the East Side of bmlifts Hock, the last mentioned Piece of Pasture Ground, now or lately called or known by the Name of bailiff's.

Hook, containing by Estimation one Rood and ten Perches, more or less; and also all that Piece or Parcel 4 "of

Woodstock Manor House.

Woodstock

Park.

Podghill;

Little Mill Mead.

Great Mill Mead,

Middle Mead,

Little Park Mead.

Tennis Court Mead.

Hopyard,

Flaggmore

Mead.

Mare Moore Mead.

Staunton

Custom.

Southley

Custom.

Hill Ground

Sight Acres,

Hanborough

Custom.

Pit Mead.

Thistlehaim.

A.D. 1704. Anno teirdo & quarto Annml Regmadv' G 6. 177

of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of Rush

Mead, containing by Estimation seventeen Acres, one Rood, and eight Perches, morel or Less; Ruffi Itfcad.

also all that Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or.,

known by the Name of the Palace Mead, containing by Estimation two Acres, three Roods, and Palace Mea.

nitre Perches, more or left: All which several Pieces and Parcels of Meadow and Pasture Ground before mentioned, are situate, lying, and being within the Walls of the said Park, in the said County of Oxort: And also all that other Piece or Parcel of Meadow Ground, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called or known by the Name of the Lang Acre, lying and being without the said Park, tonne acr(rt within the Parish of Bladon aforesaid, containing by Estimation twenty-four Acres, one Rood, and thirty Perches, more or less; and all that Parcel of Land lying in the Parish. of Ctmbe, in the said County ofcoblbe '

Oxon, called by the Name of Comb Rayes, which were purchased by his late Majesty King charles the Second from several persons, and do contain in the whole, by Estimation, threescore Acres, be the same more or less; and also all that Messuage, Tenement, or Lodge, with the Appurtenances, now or hcnfgrove lately called Hcnfgrove Lodge, situate and being In the Southeast Part of the said Park; and also all that loj8e other Messuage, Tenement, or Lodge, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called Straights Lodge, straights Lodge, situate and being in the Southwest Part of the said Park and also all that other Messuage, Tenement, or Lodge, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called New Lodge, situate and being on the West Part Northeast Lodge, of the said Park; and also all that other messuage, Tenement, or Lodge, with the Appurtenances, now or lately called Gorrell Lodge, situate and bring on the North Side of the said Park; and all those several Gorrell Lodges Woods and Coppices, and the Soil and Ground of the same, commonly called the Kings jvoods, within ES Woods, the said Honour and Manor of Woodstock, herein after mentioned (that is to say) all that Wood and Coppice, commonly called or known by the Na: re of Mill jnood, lying and being in the Parish of Hanbo 'W'00[L rough, in the said County of Oxon, containing by Estimation seventeen Acres and two Roods, more or less; all that Wood and coppice commonly called or known by the Name of Pinjly wood. lying pina y Wooi, and being in the Parish of Han'bororcgh aforesaid, containing by Estimation fourfeore and one Acres and two Roods, more or less; all that Wood and Coppice commonly called or known by the Name of jvooll Coppice, lying and being in the said Parish of Hanborough, containing by Estimation sixteen Acres, wool copp'c=* more or less; all that Wood and Coppice, commonly called or known by the Name of jvootton Wootton Wood, jvood, lying and being in the Parish of Wootton, in the said County of Oxon, containing by Estimation fifty-four Acres and twenty Perches, more or less; and all that Wood and Coppice called or known by the Name of Fendon jvood, lying, and being within the said Parish of jvootton, containing by Estimation Fen, Ion Wo _ seventeen Acres and two Roods, more or less; and all that Wood and Coppice called and known by Name of Ambrose Coppice, lying and being in the Parish of Stonesjjeld, in the said County of Oxon, Arnbr0^ cap" containing by Estimation one hundred thirty-nine Acres, more or lei's; and all her Majesty's Timber Plce' and Trees, Wood, and Underwood whatsoever, now.(landing, growing, or being, or hereafter to (land or grow, as well within or upon the several Woods, Coppices, and Wood Grounds before mentioned, and every or any of them, as within or upon the said Park, called Woodstock Park, and within or upon w'°°tifloc, C any of Waste Grounds belonging to the said Honour and Manors, or within or upon any other of the Park Premises loto be granted, and every or any of then! respectively; and all and singular her Majesty's messuages, Tenements, Lands, Woods, Rents, Mills, Tolls, and Hereditaments whatsoever, situate, lying, being, or renewing within the said Park, called Woodstock Park, and in the Towns, Villages, Hamlets,

Parishes, Precincts, or Territories of Old Woodstock, Hardley, jvootton, Bladon, Hanborough, Comb, and stonesfic/d, and every or any of them, or within the said Hundred of jvootton in the said County of Oxon and also all and singular Houses, Edifices, Buildings, Barns, Stables, Orchards, Gardens, Yards, llack fi cs, Curtilages; and also all Courts Leet, Courts Baron, Hundred Courts, and other Courts whatsoever, Services, Franchises, Customs, Custom Works, Forfeitures, Escheats, Reliefs, Harriots, Fines,

iil ues, Amerciaments, Perquisites and Profits of the said Courts and Lcets, and every of them. Goods and Chattels of Felons and Fugitives, Felons of themselves, outlawed Persons, and of Persons put in Exigent, Waifs, Estrays, Deodands, Heaths, Moors, Marches, Ways, Passages, Lights, Easements,

Commons, Ground used for Common, Wastes, Waste Grounds, Rivers, Streams, Waters, water courses, Wears, Dams, Stanks, Mill Pools, plawki ng, Hunting, Filling, Fowling, Right, Royalties, luril dictions, Liberties, Privileges, Immunities, Profits, Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, pof leiiions, and Hereditaments whatsoever, with their and every of their Appurtenances, of what Nature or Quality soever, to the said honour, Manors, Park, Woods, or other the Premisses belonging or appertaining, or accepted, reputed, or taken, as Part, Parcel, or Member thereof, or which have been usually held; exercised, or enjoyed therewith, or within the same, or any Part thereof, and such other Franchises as her Majesty shall think fit to grant by such Letters Patents as aforesaid, and the Reversion and reversions. Remainder and Remainders of all and singular the Premises, and of every or any Part or Parcel thereof, dependant or expectant upon any former Grant, Demise, or Lease, Grants, demi fes, or Leases, made of the Premisses, or of any of them; and all the Rents, issues, and Profits of the said Honour,

Manors, Park, and other the Premisses, and of every Part and Parcel thereof; and all the Estate, 'right,

Tide, Interest, Property, Claim and Demand whatsoever wf her Majesty, of, into, or out of the same

To have and to hold the said Honour, Hundred, Manors, Park, Woods, and other the Premisses so to be granted, with their and every of their Appurtenances, to the said John Duke of Marlborough, or such Person or Persons as he shall nominate, as aforesaid, his and their Heirs and Mfigns for ever, to the only Use and Behoof of, or in Trust for the said John Duke of Marlborough, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; to be held of her Majesty, her Heirs and Succef T^holien of fors, as of her Castle of jviiidj'or, in free and common Sockage by Fealty, and rendering to her Majesty. lrmanmrf0 VOL. IV -. A a her Windsor in t«s.

178 C 7.

Anno tercio & quarto Ann Regina.

A.D. 1704.

vcrapt con bnned.

j Awn, flat, C 7/

Salvo of Right. By 5 Ann. t. 3. tbtfc Hpnovrs art Jetrled on bit pojicrity* — By 5 Ann. t. 4,

her Heirs and Successors; on the second Day of Atigufl in every Year forever, at the Castle of ifindfar, one Standard or Colours with three Flower de Luces painted thereupon, for all manner of Rents, Services, Exactions, and Demands whatsoever.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Grants and Clauses to be contained in such Letters Patents, as aforesaid, for the better conveying and alluring of the said Honour, Hundred, Manors, Park, Woods, and other the Premises, to or for the Use or Benefit of the said Duke, his Heirs or Assigns as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby enacted to be good and effectual in the Law, according to the Tenor and Purport thereof, in the said Letters Patents to be expressed, notwithstanding any Restriction, or other Matter or Thing contained in the Act of Parliament made in the

1. first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Ffonour and Dignity of the Crown, and any other Law or Statute, or any mif recital, non recital, Omission, or other Defect in the said Letters Patents hereafter to be made, in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, their Heirs, Executors and Administrators, and to all Bodies Politic and Corporate, and their Successors (other than to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors) ajl such Right, Title, Interest, Right of Common, Offices, Sees, Privileges, Properties, Profits and Demands whatsoever, which they, or any of them have, or are intituled to have, of, into, within, or out of the said Honour, Hundred, Manors, Park, Woods, and other the Premises, or any of

Annuity from the them, or any Part thereof, before the making of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purv Office it fa poses, as if this Act had not been made; this Act, or anything therein contained to the contrary not w z'ic'lt Winding.

IJ / 34* frtnidc; Jgr paying the Arrean due for building Blenheim House.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers that may arise from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland.

FOR preventing the many Inconveniences which may speedily happen to the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, if a nearer and more complete Union be not made between the said Kingdoms; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority Queen miy p of the same, That such Persons as shall be nominated by her Majesty, under her Great Seal of England, £i»twos such and so many of them as shall in that Behalf be appointed by her Majesty to be of the fh/ornm. Great Seal of r shall, by Force of this Act, have full Power, Commission and Authority, at such Time and Times, and England, to treat in such Place or Places, as her Majesty shall please to appoint, to assemble and meet, and thereupon to with Commit treat and consult, according to the Tenor or Purport of their Authority or Commission in that Behalf, Con', ?au'hp with certain Commissioners as shall be authorised by Authority of the Parliament of Scotland, of and Jiament of sco£ concern ng such an Union of the said Kingdoms of England and Scotland, and of and concerning such land, for treat other Matters, Clauses and Things, as upon mature Deliberation of the greatest Part of the said Coming of a Union missioner, assembled as aforesaid, and the Commissioners to be authorised by the Parliament of Scotland, between both according to the Tenor or Purport of their Commissions in that Behalf, shall in their Wisdoms think Kingdoms. convenient and necessary for the Honour of her Majesty, and the common good of both the said King of doms for ever: Which Commissioners of both the said Kingdoms shall, according to the Tenor or pur vroceedinravnto Port heir said Authorities or Commissions in that Behalf, reduce their Doings and Proceedings therein Writings Qua 11110 Writings or Instruments Quadrupartite, every Part to be subscribed and sealed by them, to the End dmpartite. that one Part thereof may in all Humbleness be presented to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, twn other Parts thereof to be offered to the Consideration of the Parliament for the Realm of England, and another Part to be offered to the Consideration of the Parliament for the Realm of Scotland, at their next Sessions, which shall be held in each Kingdom respectively, after such Writings or Instruments shall be subscribed and sealed by the said Commissioners, that thereupon such further Proceedings may be had, as to her Majesty, and both the said Parliaments, shall be thought fit and necessary for the Weal and common good of both the said Kingdoms, to whom the entire Consideration of the whole, and the allowing or disallowing the whole, or any Part thereof, as they shall think fit, is wholly reserved.

When such

II. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared, That no such Commission or Authority as afore comm flion shalt shall be granted, until an Act of Parliament shall be made in the Kingdom of Scotland, impowering commence. her Majesty to grant a Commission under the Great Seal of that Kingdom, nominating Commissioners to treat concerning the Union of the two Kingdoms.

III. Provided also, and be it further enacted and declared, That no Matter or Thing to be treated ofr agreed or proposed by the said Commissioners by virtue of this Act, shall have any Sores or Effect to be put in Execution, until it be confirmed and established by Act of Parliament of England.

"After 25 December 1705. nc Native of Scotland, except settled Inhabitants, to inherit any Lands ire "England, C The seven following Clauses are repealed by Anna, C 3. f. 10. Nor be supp iied with "Horses, Arms, or Ammunition from England. Scotch Cattle prohibited to be brought into England or "Ireland. Lawful to seize and detain Cattle so brought in Englif Cattle intermixed with Scotch Cattle "and so seized, subject to the like Forfeiture. Penalty on Persons conspiring to avoid or evade such "After 2} December 1705. no Scotch Coals to be imported into England or Ireland. Nor Scotch "

commence.

Nothing agreed on to have any Force till confirmed by Act f Parliament of tngland.

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Ann Reginae. C 8. 1 79

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissi of oners to be named in pursuance of this at, shall not by Virtue of such Commission, treat of or concern noc t jheu ing any Alteration of the Liturgy, 'rites, Ceremonies, Discipline or Government of the Church, as by tj^for Go law established within this Realm. vcmment of the

Church of En

CAP. VIII hnd

An Act to permit the Exportation of Irish Linen Cloth to the Plantations, and to prohibit the

Importation of Scotch Linen into Ireland.

WHEREAS in and by an act made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King J5C;, r C 7-

Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Trade, it is among! other Things enacted, That no Commodity of the Growth, Production or Manufacture of Europe, shall be imported into any Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, to his Majesty belonging,

or which shall hereafter belong unto, or be in the Possession of his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors,

in Acts, Africa, or America (except as is therein excepted) but what shall be bona fide, and without Fraud, laden and shipped in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the Penalties in the said act contained: Yet lorasmuch as the Protestant Interest in her Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland ought to be supported, by giving the utmost Encouragement to the Linen Manufactures of that Kingdomher Majesty is graciously pleased, intender Regard to her good Protestant Subjects of her said King 4g 3, fi dom, and for the further Encouragement of the Linen Manufactures thereof. That it may be enacted; and 1 el. c. 11. be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spirt rdnn.fi. 2. C $. tual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same. After 14. June, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and five, it shall and may 1705- ^rith u be lawful to and for any Native or Natives of England, or Ireland, to lade and Ship in any Port of the said nen may betranf kingdom of Ireland in english built Shipping, whereof the Mailer and one Moiety of the Mariners, du ^the enelish^ ring the present War, and afterwards the Mailer and three Fourths of the Mariners at least to be english plantations, or Irish, any white or brown Linen Cloth, which shall be of the manufeclure of the said Kingdom of Ire Parr of land, and no other, and the same to transport in such Ships, and so navigated, into any of the said Lands, the at continu i lands, Plantations, Colonies, Territories, or Places, and there freely to traffic with, and vend the same; anything in the said act, or in any other act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Umita

II. Provided nevertheless, That no Ship or Vessel coming to any of the said Lands, Islands, Plantati tion therein ons, Colonies, Territories, or Places, from the said Kingdom of Ireland, shall unlade, or break Bulk, mentioned until the Mailer or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall first have made known to the Governor of noship to break such Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, or to such Person or Officer as shall be by Bulk until no him thereunto authorised and appointed, the Arrival of the said Ship or Vessel, with her Name, and the of Arrival

Name and Surname of the Mailer or Commander, and shall have delivered to such Governor or Officer, s'ven to a true and perfect Inventory or Invoice of the Lading of such Ship or Vessel, together with a Certificate nd from the Chief Officer of the Port in Ireland, where such Ship or Vessel shall be laden, expressing the Par of the Lading, ticulars of such Lading, with the Names and Abodes of the Exporters, and of two Persons at the least, C delivered, who shall have made Oath before such Chief Officer, that the said Goods and Linen are bona fide of the Manufacture of the said Kingdom of Ireland, and until the Mailer or Commander of such Ship or Vessel shall have made Oath before such Governor or Officer, that the said Goods, and every Parcel thereof, are the same Goods that he, the said Mailer or Commander, took on board by Virtue of such Certificate as is aforesaid, nor until such Ship or Vessel shall have been visited and searched by an Officer or Officers 5 and in case the Commander of any such Ship or Vessel shall unlade, or break Bulk, before such Notice Penalty on Conv. given, and such Certificate produced, and such Oath made by such Commander, or before such Search mander offend., made as aforesaid, or if upon such Search any Goods whatsoever of Woollen 'Manufacture, not laden in in england (necessary Apparel of the Commander and Mariners only excepted) or any Linen Goods not laden in England, nor of the Manufacture of Ireland, shall be found in such Ship or Vessel; in all or any of the said Cases, such Ship or Vessel shall be, and is hereby adjudged forfeited, with all her Guns, Tackle, Ammunition and Furniture, together with all such Goods and Commodities, of what Kind soever, as shall be imported or found in such Ship; one third Part to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, one third Part to the Governor of such Land, Island, Plantation, Colony, Territory, or Place, into which such Goods shall be imported, if the said Ship, Vessel, or Goods be there seized, informed against sued for (or otherwise that third Part also to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors) and the other third Part to him or them who shall sue for the same in her Majesty's Court, in such of the said Lands, Islands,

Colonies, Plantations, Territories, or Places, where the Offence hall be committed, or in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Bill, Plaint, Information, or other Action, wherein no Essoin, pro teclion, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

III. and be it further enacted, That all Ships coming from Ireland, to any such Land, Island, Colo Ships coming ny. Plantation, Territory, or Place, shall be subject to the same Rules, Vibrations, Searches, Penalties, autobevifited and Forfeitures, to which Ships coming from England to any of the said Colonies, Plantations, or Places, i, like Manner are subject or liable to by any Law now in Force. [The four next Sedions are omitted, being repealed as Ships from by 5 Ann. C 8, j England,

A a a

"Penalty

180 C 9.

Anno tertio 6c quarto Annje Regina. A.D. 1704.

1

"Penalty on importing Scotch Linen into Ireland after 25 March 1705. Linen so prohibited, to be seized, and Importers prosecuted. After Condemnation to be sold by Inch of Candle. But not delivered "until Bond given for exportitig such Goods in three Months out of Ireland, chow Bond hall be "Penalty on not exporting such Goods. Penalty on Officer conniving at the Importation of "Scotch Linen. Forfeitures where recoverable."

General lflut.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons be sued, molested or profeeu ted, for or by reason of any seizure made in ptvrfuanee of this Act, such Person and Persons may plead the General issue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if afterwards a Verdict, shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or if the Plaintiff shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuited, or if Judgement be given against him, then such Dafendant or Defendants shall have double Costs. Saits to bt com

IX. Provided always, That all Informations, Actions, and Suits, to be brought for any Offence meoetd within against this Act, shall be brought and commenced within twelve Months after the Discovery of such

offirct °ffence.

Proviso concern X Provided also, and be it enacted, That if any Ship or Vessel, being laden with Goods in England, ingenglish Ships Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, for any of the Plantations aforesaid, shall put into any Port or place in iaden for the Ireland, and shall there take in any White or Brown Irish Linen Cloth, in that Case, the like Certificate

Plantations, &c.an(j Oaths shall be made, that the said Linen Cloth is of the Manufacture of Ireland, as is before directed by this act: And if, upon the Arrival of such Ship or Vessel in any of the said Plantations, such Certificate be produced, and Oaths made as aforesaid, such Ship or Vessel, her Master, or Commander, and Lading, shall. be subject and liable to such Rules, Visitations, Searches, Penalties, and Forfeitures, as they respectively were subject and liable to by Virtue of the Laws which were in Force before the passing of this Act, and no other; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

alto continue XI Provided, That this shall continue only for the Term of eleven Years. [Continued by 3 Geo. 1.

eleven Years. 21. j N

Farther Proviji

cm eoneernivg Linen, 7 Ann. C 7. 10 Ann. C 19. 12 ann.ft. 2. C 9, 19 & 21. 1 Geo. I. C 36. 3 Geo. 1. c. 7 & 21. 17 Geo. 2. c. ?o. j8 Geo. 2. c. 24.

*7^ 36. 21 Geo. 2. c. 26. z\geo, 2.^46. 29 Crro. 2. C 15. and 32 Geo. . 2. C 32.

Cap. IX

An Act for giving like Remedy upon Promissory Notes, as is now used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange.

WHEREAS it hath been held, That Notes in Writing, signed by the Party who makes the same, whereby such Party promises to pay uno any other Person, or his Order, any Sum of Money therein mentioned, are not assignable or indorsable over, within the Custom of Merchants, to any other Person; that such Person to whom the Sum of Money mentioned in such Note is payable,

cannot maintain an Action, by the Custom of Merchants, against the Person who first made and signed the same; and that any Person to whom such Note should be assigned, endorsed, or made payable,

could not, within the said Custom of Merchants, maintain any Action upon such Note against the Person who first drew and signed the same: Therefore, to the Intent to encourage Trade and Commence, which, will be much advanced, if such Notes shall have the same Effect as Inland Bills of Exchange, and shall be negotiated in like Manner; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament promissory notes assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Notes in Writing, that after the first Day of May may be aligned in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, shall be made and signed by any Person Afliommaina or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, or by the Servant or Agent of any Corporation, Banker, gold tained"thereon frnhh, Merchant, or Trader, who is usually entrusted by him, her, or them, to sign such Promissory as on inland Bills Notes for him, her, or them, whereby such Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, his, her, or cf Exchange, their Servant or Agent as aforesaid, doth or shall promise to pay to any other Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their Order, or unto Bearer, any Sum of Money mentioned in such Note, shall be taken and construed to be, by Virtue thereof, due and payable to any such Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, to whom the same is made payable; and also every such Note payable to any Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their Order, shall be assignable or indorfible over, in the same Manner as Inland Bills of Exchange are or may be, according to the' Custom of Merchants; and that the Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, to whom such Sum of Money is or shall be by such Note made payable, shall and may maintain an Action for the same, in such manner as he, she, or they might do, upon any Inland Bill of Exchange, made or drawn according to the Custom of Merchants, against the Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, who, or whose' Servant or Agent as aforesaid, signed the same; and that any Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, to whom such Note that is payable to any Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, his, her, or their Order, is endorsed or assigned, or the Money therein mentioned ordered to be paid by in dor some nt thereon, shall and may maintain his, her, or their Action for such Sum of Money, either against the Person or Persons, Body Politic and Corporate, who, or whose Servant or Agent as aforesaid, signed such Note, or against any of the Persons that endorsed the same, in like Manner as in Cases of Inland. Bills of Exchange: And in every such Action the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall recover his, her, or

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Ann Reginze., C 10. rr

their Damages and Costs of Suit; and if such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall be nonsuited, or a Verdict beplaintifforde" given against him, her, or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his, her, or their Costs fendan5, re against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs; and every such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Defendant or Defendants, re cover 0 s" spectively recovering, may sue out Execution for such Damages and: Coifs by Capias, Fieri facias, or E. legit.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Actions shall be com t How aion mcneed, sued and brought within such 'rhyme as is appointed for commencing or suing Actions upon the be brought.

Case, by the Statute made in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of King James the first, intituled, si Jac. r. C 16. An Act for Limitation of Actions, and for avoiding of Suits in Law.

III. Provided that.no Body Politic or Corporate shall have Power, by Virtue of this Act, to issue pt, so against or give out any Notes, by themselves or their Servants, other than such a5 they might have issued, if this Act had never been made.

IV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, it is, 9& io W. j, among other T hings, enacted, That from and after Presentation and Acceptance of the said Bill or Bills C 17.. of Exchange, (which Acceptance shall be by the underwriting the same under the party's Hand so accepting) and after the Expiration of three Days after the said Bill or Bills shall become due, the Party to whom the said Bill or Bills are made payable, his Servant, Agent, or Assigns, may, and shall cause the same Bill or Bills to be protested in Manner as in the said Act is enacted: whereas by there being no Provision made therein for protesting such Bill or Bills, in case the Party, oa whom the same are' or shall be drawn, refuse to accept the same, by underwriting the same under his Hand, all Merchants and others do refuse to underwrite such Bill or Bills, or make any other than a Promissory Acceptance, by which Means the Efteft. and good Intent of the said Act in that Behalf is wholly evaded, and no Bill or Bills can be protested before or for want of such Acceptance by underwriting the same as aforesaid For Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May Party refufins to which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, in Case, upon presenting of l11

any such Bill or Bills of Exchange, the Party or Parties, on whom the same shall be drawn, shall refuse f, ch Bannay be to accept the same, by underwriting the same as aforesaid, the Party to whom the said Bill or Bills are pr[>tested for made payable, his Servant, Agent, or Assigns, may and shall cause the said Bill or Bills to be protested non acceptance, for non acceptance, as in case of Foreign Bills of Exchange; anything in the said Act or any other Law to the contrary notwithstanding: For which Protest there shall be paid two Shillings, and no more.

V. Provided always, That from, and after the said first Day of May no Acceptance of any such Inland No Acceptance Bill of Exchange shall be sufficient to charge any Person whatsoever, unless the same be underwritten or°fi"landbll sof' endorsed in Writing thereupon; and if such Bill be not accepted by such Underwriting, or Endorsement

in Writing, no Drawer of any such Inland Bill shall be liable to pay any Costs, Damages, or Interest the fam/be un thereupon, unless such Protest be made for non acceptance thereof, and within fourteen Days after such derwritten, nor Protest, the same be font, or otherwise Notice thereof be given to the Party from whom such Bill was Drawer thereof received, or left in Writing at the Place of his or her usual Abode; and if such Bill be accepted, and not to Costs paid before the Expiration of three Days after the said Bill shall become due and payable, then no Drawer c' of such Bill shall be compellable to pay any Costs, Damages, or Interest thereupon, unless a Protest be made and sent, or Notice thereof be given, in Manner and Form abovementioned: Nevertheless, every Drawer of such Bill shall be liable to make Payment of Costs, Damages, and Interest upon such Inland Bill, if any one Protest be made of non acceptance, or nonpayment thereof, and Notice thereof be sent, given or left as aforesaid.

VI. Provided, That no such Protest shall be necessary, either for non acceptance or nonpayment of No Protest ns

any Inland Bill of Exchange, unless the Value be acknowledged and expressed in such Bill to be receiv ceflary for non ed, and unless such Bill be drawn for the Payment of twenty rounds Sterling or upwards; and that the par'?en[' "nes Protest, hereby required for non acceptance, shall be made by such Persons as are appointed by the said foi or up" recited Act to protest Inland Bills of Exchange for nonpayment thereof. wards. P

VII. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said first Day of May, if any Person doth achy whom Protest

cept any such Bill of Exchange for and in Satisfaction of any former Debt, or Sum of Money formerly stall be: made due unto him, the same shall be accounted and esteemed a full and complete Payment of such Debt, if Acceptance of such Person, accepting of any such Bill for his Debt, doth not take his due Course to obtain Payment Bill esteemeda thereof, by endeavouring to get the same accepted and paid, and make his Protest as aforesaid, either for full Payment of non acceptance, or nonpayment thereof.'- Debt.

VIII. Provided, That nothing herein contained shall extend to discharge any Remedy, that any Per proviso. son may have against the Drawer, Acceptor or Indorser of such Bill.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be in Force Act toctfntinue for the Space of three Years, from the said first Day of May, and from thence to the End of the next Sef 3 Years.

fion of Parliament, and no longer. [Made perpetual by 7 Anrne, C 25. f. 3.]

CAP. X

An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations ire

America.

HE.R.EAS the Royal Navy, and the Navigation of England, wherein, under God, the Wealth, jtcar. 2. c. 18. Safety and Strength of this kingdom. is so much, concerned, depends on the due Supply "of Stores 1-5 Car. 2. C 7. necessary for the same, which being; now brought in mostly from foreign Part's, in foreign Shipping, at25crfrte 7*

4 ex

182 C io.

Anno tertio & quarto Ann Regins. A.D. 1704.

Encouragement to import Naval Stores, from e11- C glish Plantation^America.

per

Pitch 4i Tun.

Rozin or Turpentine, 3l. per Tun.

Hemp 6 1. per Tun. 'continued, ss to h?mpby it Ann. ft. 1. C 94 8 Geo. i, C it,6gep.2. c. 26

exorbitant and arbitrary Rates, to the great Prejudice and Discouragement of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, may be provided in a more certain and beneficial Manner from her Majesty's own Dominions V And whereas her Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America were at first settled, and are still] maintained and protected, at a great Expense of the Treasure of this Kingdom, with a Design to render them as useful as may be to England, and the Labour and Industry of the People there, profitable to themselves: in Regard the said Colonies and Plantations, by the vast tracts of Land therein, lying near the Sea, and upon navigable Rivers, may commodioufty afford great Quantities of all Sorts of Naval Stores, if due Encouragement be given for carrying on so great and advantageous an Undertaking, which will likewise tend, not only to the further Employment and Increase of english Shipping and Seamen, but also to the enlarging, in a ueat Measure, the Trade and Vent of the Woollen and other Manufactures and Commodities of this Kingdom, and of other her Majesty's Dominions, in Exchange for such Naval Stores, which are now purchased from foreign Countries with Money or Bullion: And for enabling her Majesty's Subjects, in the said Colonies and Plantations, to continue to, make due and sufficient Returns in the Course of their Trade; Be it therefore enacted by the queen's

Farther enron most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and

jagement Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Person 8 Anne, ^13, or persons that flyall, withiia the Time appointed by this act, import or cause to be imported into this 2.v35.2 See's Kingdom, directly from any of her Majesty's English Colonies or Plantations in America, in any Ship or Ships Geo. 1. c. 12, that may lawfully trade to her Majesty's Plantations, manned as by Law is required, any of the Naval ft 4- Stores, hereafter mentioned, shall have and enjoy, as a Reward or Premium for such Importation, after

Rates allowed to and according to the several Rates for such Naval Stores, as follows, viz.)

fot^tar 'al. per For good and merchantable Tar per Tun, containing eight Barrels, and each Barrel to gauge thirty

Tun. 4'one Gallons and an half, four Pounds.

For good and merchantable Pitch per Tun, each Tun containing twenty Gross hundreds (Net Pitch), to be brought in eight Barrels, four Pounds.

For good and merchantable Rozin or Turpentine per Tun, each Tun containing twenty Gross hundreds (Net Rozin, or Turpentine) to be brought in eight Barrels, three Pounds.

For Hemp, Water rotted, bright and clean, per Tun, each Tun containing twenty Gross hundreds, six Pounds.

For all Masts, Yards, and Bowsprits, per Tun, allowing forty Foot to each Tun, Girt Measure, according to the customary Way of measuring round Bodies, one Pound,

III. Which several Rewards or Pramiums, for each Species aforementioned, shall be paid and answered by the Commissioners or principal Officers of her Majesty's Navy, who are hereby empowered

Marts, sc. 20s. and required to make out Bill or Bills, to be paid in course for the same, upon Certificate of the respectpertun tive Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs, in any Port of this Kingdom where such Naval Stores shall import: ed as aforesaid; Bill or Bills to be made out and given to the Person or Persons importing fioriers ofth " the same as aforesaid, within twenty Days after the Discharge or unlading of the Ship or Vessel, Ships or" Navy. Vessels, in which such Stores shall be imported, upon a Certificate or Certificates, to be produced to the

Rcftiiftions of Chief Officer or Officers of the Customs (which Certificate or Certificates shall be under the Hand and such Certificates Seal of the Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Collector of her Majesty's Customs, and Naval Officer, or

Geo. ijc 11? ?ny tw0 them, residing and being within any of her Majesty's said Colonies or Plantations) That be

£, 17.'(ore the Departure of such Ship or Vessel, Shins or.vessels, the Person or Persons, Merchant, Trader

S Geo. 1. c. 11. or factor, loading the same, had made Oath before them, That the said Naval Stores, so slipped on board ft 4> were truly and bona fide of the Growth and Produce of her Majesty's said Colonies and Plantations (which

Thth Gath the said Governor, Lieutenant Governor, Collector of her Majesty's Customs, and Naval Officer,

stores'w'ere^f or any tw0 t^enis are hereby authorised to administer) as likewise, upon Oath to be made within any the Growth of Port in England, by the Master or Masters of such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, importing such na the Plantations, val Stores, that the same were truly laden on board such Ship or Vessel, Ships or Vessels, within some of

her majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, and that he or they know or believe that the said Naval Stores were the Produce of the said Colonies and Plantations.

IV. Provided always, That the Reward or Premium, hereby granted, shall not be allowed or paid for the Importation of such Masts, Yards, Bowsprights, or other Naval Stores, as are already contracted for by the Commissioners of her Majesty's Navy,

V. And to the End a particular Benefit may accrue hereby to her Majesty's Royal Navy, and for the better Supply of the lame with Naval Stores; Be it further enacted, That upon the importing of any

to h.ve Naval Stores from her Majesty's said Colonies and Plantations, for which a Reward or Pramium is here

s^ies°fo0import by granted, the Preemption, or Refusal of such Naval Stores, shall be offered and tendred to the of of her Majesty's Navy upon landing the same and if, within the Term of twenty Days after such if contra&efi for Tender, the said Commissioners shall not contract or bargain for the same, it shall and may be lawful for within 20 Days the Importer or Importers, Owner or Owners, of the said Naval Stores, otherwise to dispose of the same for his or their best Profit and Advantage.

VI. And for the better Preservation of all Timber fit for the Ufos aforesaid; it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons within her Majesty's Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, the Marraganfet Country, or Kings Province, and Connecticut in Neva England, and New York, and New 'Jerfiey, do or shall presume to cut, fell, or destroy any Pilch, Pine Trees, or Tar Trees, not being within any Fence or actual enclosure, under the Growth of twelve Inches Diameter, at three Foot from the Earth, on the Penalty or Forfeiture of five Pounds for each Offence, on Proof thereof, to be made by one or more credible Witnesses

[Proviso.]

Commissioners of the Navy to

after Tender.

Penalty on selling or destroyin; Pitch, Pine Trees, C in New England, CC

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio & quarto Annjb Reginae. C 11 — -15. 283

on Oath, before one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within or nearest to such Place where such Offence shall be committed; one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture to be to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, the other Moiety to the Informer or Informers.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, within the said Penalty on bum

Golonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, and Marra ej$*j

ganfet Country, or Kings Province, Connecticut in New England, and New York, and New 'Jersey, shall wit ^vento the tingly or willingly set Fire to any Woods or Forest, in which there are any Pitch, Pine Trees, or Tar Owner.

Trees, prepared for the making of Pitch or Tar, without first giving notice to the Person or Persons,

Owner or Owners of the said Trees, who had prepared or ordered the preparing of such Trees, or to one of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace there, on pain of forfeiting of ten Pounds for each Offence, to be recovered in such Manner, and on such Proof, and to be distributed, as aforesaid; the said Forfeitures and Penalties to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of such Justice or Justices of the Peace.

VIII. Provided always, That the Importation of all such Naval Stores, for which a Reward or Pra st°r'* subject t

niurn is granted by this Act, be subject to the same Regulations, Rdlridlions, and Limitations, in refe f^ea^mhes

rence to the shipping and navigating thereof, and such Security shall be given for importing the same potation ° into England, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Importation of Sugar, Tobacco, Cot Goods. tonne wool, Indico, Ginger, Fustick, and other Dying Wood, from her Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, aje subject unto.

IX. Provided also, That the several Directions and Provisions in this Act shall commence and take Act to continue

effect from the first Day of 'january which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun nine Years,

dred and five, and shall continue and be in Force from thence forward, for the Space of nine Years, fartherpnruifont and no longer. relating to the

Plantations, 6

Anne. 30. 8 artn.c 13. 5 Ann. c. 17. 10 Ann. C 22 & 26. 4 Geo. I. C 11. 8 Geo. j. C IX T 15. 13 Geo. i. C 5. ygeo* 2. C2 & 28. 4 Geo. % C 15. 5 Geo. 2. C 7 & 9, 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. 8 Geti. 2. r. 19. IX Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 553. 29 Geo. 2. f. 5 S' 3.5

and 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XI.

An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and the Marines, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and five.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, a Bankrupt, and for the apprehending of him, and the Discovery of the Effects of the said Thomas Pitkin, and his Accomplices.

EXP.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France. Prohibition of Trade with France during the War. Ships seized by Privateers fraudulently, forfeited, and Privateer Ship condemned as good Prize. Proviso for French Wines contracted for before i 'january 1704. So as the same be imported before August 1705. Act not to prohibit Trade with Spain. Contraband Goods excepted.

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act to prevent all traitorous Correspondence with her Majesty's Enemies. Persons sending Arms, see9dm. c.ijt. Ordnance, C to France, during the War, to suffer Death as in Cases of Treason. queen's Subjects §63. returning from France without Licence guilty of High Treason. Persons who have been in France, and returned without Licence, shall depart by 1 May 1705. unless they obtain the queen's Licence for Haying here, or be deemed guilty of High Treason. Persons without Licence going to France, during the War, guilty of High Treason. Offences committed beyond Sea maybe tried in any County in.

England, persons indicted on this Act to have the Benefit of the Act made 7 W. 3. C 3-.

EXP.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the Relief of Fulkc Ernes, Gentleman, and others who had elapsed their Times, either for pay 1 Anne. j. ing their Money, or naming their Nominees, for purchasing Annuities; and also for Relief of Sir John WM. e' Mead, Knight and Baronet, who had elapsed his Time for paying Part of his purchase money Kir a forfeited Estate in Ireland; and also for Relief of Dorothy Ireland, and others, in respect of several Tickets for Payment of Annuities, and of several Million Lottery 'Pickets, and Exchequer Bills, and Debentures to the Army, which have been burnt or lost. Fulie Ernes to have the Annuity of a, per Annum, purchased by him sir three Lives. The like to Thomas Barnardijlou, of 30 /. per Annum, for one Life. Mary Gibson to have her Annuity of 20l. per Annum, for two Lives. Mary Highstreet, to enjoy the Annuity of 10 I. per Annum, purchased by her for her own Life. Samuel Cook to receive the Annuities of 40l. 2nd sol. per Annum, purchased by him for his own Life. Sir John Mead's, Time of Payment of Irijl) purchase money enlarged, with Interest at 8 /. percent. Dorothy Ireland'& Malt tickets which were burnt or destroyed to be allowed on Affidavit. Annuity Tickets burnt or lost, Officec on Certificate of Judge may discharge the same. The like on Million Lottery Tickets and Malt Tickets, lac. burnt or lost.

EXP.

4

CAP. XVI.

& 4 xu

4 & 3 Anna C 20.

11 W. 3. C 8. 13 W. 3. C 1.

5 Anns, C 1

13 & 14 Car. 2, c. 3.

ysc 8 W. 3. C 6.*for recovering small Tithes, 'and further continued by 10 & II W. 3. C 15. made perpetual.

8 &9W. 3. C 31. ' for the easier obtaing Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary, Zee made perpetual,

4 & 5 W, Sc MC,

241

C 16 — 18. Anno tertio & quarto An km regjnar. A.D. 1704.

V 2?'»w '9* y r -; »'

- xvr.

An Act for puni filing Mutiny and' deserti'on, and false Musters; for the better payment of the Army, and their Quarters. Mutineers and Deserters, fc. to suffer Death. The Queen may grant commissions to her Generals to call court-martial. courrs martial not to consist of less than if corra rriiffion Officers. President to be a Field Officer. Soldiers not exempt from the ordinary Process of Law. Act not to extend to Militia. Every Member of court-martial to be sworn No Sentence of Death to be given, unless nine Officers concur; Penalty on false Certificates, to exfcu fe Soldiers from Muster. Penalty on Officers making false Musters. Muster Rolls to be signed by the Mayor, life. Penalty On Muster Master neglecting to give Notice. Penalty upon Persons falsely muftsred. Horses falsely mustered to be forfeited. Penalty on Agent, &c. detaining officer's or soldier's Pay. penalty on Agent disobeying Orders of Queen or Lord Treasurer. Officer to bring a Certificate of Men Sick, &c. Penalty on Officer mustering Servants, &c. No Soldiers to be quartered on private Houses. Penalty on Coiistable, csfr, quartering Soldiers otherwise than by this Act. Officers and Soldiers to pay reasonable Rates for their Provisions. justices to set the Rates. Penalty on Officer taking Money to excuse froth quartering, No Paymaster, &c. to make Deductions out of offices's'or soldier's Pay, Lord Treasurer may issue the Money due for.clothing every two Months, Paymasters tb "deduct the " off reckonings. Charge of Arms, Stores, &c. to be transmitted to Paymasters, 3d. Rates of subsistence to be paid to Innkeepers, (3 C for Soldiers Quarters. Penalty on Officer not paying subsistence money. No Musters in Westminster and Southwark, but in the Presence of two Justices. Ail Clothes, &c. to be bought in England. Muster Rolls to be closed on the Day of Muster, and returned to the Paymaster of the Forces, 13c. Justices to issue out Warrants to the Constabks to provide Carriages. penalty on Officers forcing Wagon to travel more than one Day's Journey, &c. or obliging constables to provide Saddle Florfes. Soldiers Wives, Or. not to be quartered without Consent. Penalty On Officer" or Soldier destroying the Game.' Penalty on Persons 'concealing Deserter, or buying his 'arrfrs, Clothes, &c. No Soldiers to be billeted in Epfqfii, 'C Officers "or Soldiers corresponding with the queen's Enemies guilty of High Treason, Soldiers refilling Officer, Felony. All Trials for trea fqn, Felony, &c. may be determined in the £hiens Bench. Act not to abridge the queen's Power of making Articles of War, (3 C Queen may grant Commiftkms for holding court-martial. Deserter to be returned to his own Regiment, there to be pumflied. Bat one Trial for the same Offence. No Attainder to extend to Corruption of Blood, (3 C Trial of a Peer to be by his Peers. Persons tried for Treason on this Act to have the Benefit of the Act 7 W. 3. C 3. Officers and Soldiers of the Marine Regiments subject to this Act. Felons may be lifted on the queen's Warrant signed for their Pardoi\ Act to extend to Mutineers' and Deserters in Ireland'. Persons not tried before4 March 1704. may be tried now by court-martial. Penalty on Officer refusing to give a just Account of Debentures. EXP,

CAP. XVII.

An Act for raiding, the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and five, although the month's

Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

EXP.

i

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for making perpetual an Act for the more easy recovery of small Tithes and also an Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands in Coparcenary, Joint Tenancy, and Tenancy in Common, and also for making, more effectual and amending several Acts relating to the Return of Jurors,

WHEREAS diverse Temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found beneficial and use full, are expired, or near expiring; Therefore for continuing the same, be it enacted by the queen's nioll Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tithes, which was to continue for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, which Act was further continued by an Act fuade in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of the King William the Third, for seven Years from the Expiration thereof, which will expire at the End of the next Session of I Parliament after the Year one thousand seven hundred and five, shall be, and is hereby continued, and shall be in force, and be made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Session of parliament held in the eighth and ninth Years of his Paid late Majesty King wiiliam the Third, intituled An r, Act for the easier obtaining Partitions of Lands in Coparcenary, Jointenancy, and Tenancy in Common, which will expire at the bind of the next Session of Parliament after the first Day of May one thou seven hundred and four, shall be, and is hereby continued, and shall be in force, and be made perpetual -'_,

III. And whereas in an Act made in the Session of Parliament" held in the fourth and fifth Years of the late King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explainingfe i veral Laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring, there are several good Clauses and Pro

viftontf

A.D. 1704. Anno tertio 6c quarto Ann & Reginae.

C 18. 185

1 visions relating to the returning of Jurors, which Clauses and Provisions were by the said Act to continue in force for seven Years after the first of May one thousand six hundred ninety three, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Clauses and Provisions relating to the returning of Jurors were, by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the hte King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Ease of Jurors, and better regulating of Juries, continued for seven 7&8w.3. C 31.

Years, from the first of May one thousand six hundred ninety and six, and from thence to the End ' of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer; which said last mentioned Act was also to continue but for the said Term of seven Years, from the first of May one thousand six hundred ninety and six,

and to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas the said Act made in the said Session of Parliament held in the seventh and eighth Years of the late King William the Third, was by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing former Acts 1 Ann, flat. 'for exporting Leather, and for eaj'e of Jurors, and for reviving and making more effectual an Ail relating C 13.

to Vagrants, continued for seven Years from the Expiration thereof, and to the End of the next Sef ' lion of Parliament: And whereas the said Clauses, Provisions, and Act have not proved effectual, by reason of some Defects in the said act for Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Sheriff of the said County of York shall), after the first Day of A day one thousand seven hull Penalty on she dred and five, during the Continuance of the said Act, refuse or neglect to provide and keep such Book Yorlcn<; 1 or Register, as in the said recited Act is directed, or shall refuse or neglect to enter therein the Names of the Persons who served as Jurors in any the Affixes or General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held "

in or for the said County, or any the Ridings therein, in or during the Time he shall be Sheriff of the said County, with the Additions and Places of Abode, and Time and Places of such their Services, in such Manner as in and by the said recited Act is directed, or shall refuse or neglect, within ten Days after the next succeeding Sheriff of the said County shall be sworn into his Office, to deliver over to such succeeding Sheriff, as well all and every the Books and Registers that hall be made or prepared in the Year wherein he shall have served Sheriff, as also all such other Books or Registers as were prepared in the sheriffy ick of any of his Predecessors, Sheriffs of the said County, within four Years then next before, and which were delivered over to him by any of his said Predecessors, or shall refuse or neglect to make and deliver, by himself or his Undersheriff, such Certificate gratis, as in the said recited Act is mentioned, that then every such Sheriff of the said County of York, so refusing or neglecting in all or any the said Cases aforesaid, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of her Majesty, her Pleirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein np Eifoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

IV. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that.if any such Sheriff of the said County, Or returning on for the Time being, his or their Undersheriff, Deputy, or Bailiff, during the Continuance of the said Person ofmer Act, shall knowingly summon or return any Person or Persons to serve on any Jury or Juries, at any han °nce in the said Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, who shall, within four Years before such Summons or Return, out esrt' have served on any Jury at any the said Assizes or Sessions held within the said County, or any the Ridings therein, and shall not, upon producing of such Certificate or Certificates, as aforesaid, to the Officer or Person so summoning, or to the said Sheriff, or his Undersheriff or Deputy, discharge the said Summons or Return, and thereof give Notice to the Party summoned, six Days before such Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, at the which such Person shall be summoned or returned to appear, that then the said Sheriff, Undersheriff, Bailiff, or Person so summoning or refilling to discharge, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose to the Party so summoned the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in Manner and Form as is last herein before mentioned, together with his full Coils of Suit.

V. And whereas many Constables, t.ythingmeii, and Headboroughs of Towns, have refused, neglect ed to return, or give to the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter sessions, a true list in Writing of the Names ami Places of Abode of all Persons within the respective Places for which they serve, qua lifted to serve upon Juries, as in and by the said Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the late King William it is enacted and provided; by reason of which Neglect, the good Intent of the said Act has been eluded, and great Inconveniences have thereupon enfuedp or Remedy whereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace for all Counties or Ridings, penalty on cou within the Kingdom of England, or Dominion of ivedes, shall yearly and every Year, during the Con (tables not re

held next after the four and twentieth turning a List of

lands and Seals of two or more of them,

1, Dathe, or Wapentake, requiring him Continued by

or them to issue forth his or their Precept or Precepts to the rdpeftive constables Tythingmen, and 9 Geo. 1. c. 8. Ileadboroughs within his and their Hundred, Lathe, or Wapentake, thereby directing and requiring f. for7years.* them, and all and every of them, to convene and meet together with the said Head Constables of the the Qnftabie, Hundred, Lathe, or Wapentake, within fourteen Days next after the Date of such Receipt, at foine f^vuttbefo" a usual or convenient Place in the Hundred, Lathe, or Wapentake, when and where the Constables, Ty justice, is foffid thingmen, and Headborcugbs_, shall prepare and make a true List fair, written and signed by them, of the ent by'3 Geo. 2. Names and Places of Abode of all the Persons within the respective Places for which they serve, qualified to C 25- 7 '

serve on Julies, according to the Direction of the said Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of King See Anna?, William and Queen' Id ary, with their Titles and Additions, between the Age of one and twenty^w Years and the Age of seventy Years, as by the said Act of the seventh and eighth Years of the said ki.ig William is directed. and appointed: Which Lift the fi id Con (table, tytvingman, and Headborough,

Vat. IVB b or

186 C 18. Anno tertio & quarto Annje Regime. A.D. 1704.

or their Deputies, or some or one of them, yearly at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for each County, Riding, or Division, or any Part thereof, in the Week after the Feast of Saint Michael, upon the first Day of the said Sessions, or upon the first Day that the said Sessions shall be held by Adjournment at any other particular Place 'or Division, shall return and give to the Justices of the Peace in open Court: And any Head Constable of the Hundred, Lathe, or Wapentake failing to issue forth his or their Precept or Precepts to convene and meet together, with the Constables, Tythingmen, and head boroughs, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and incur the Penalty of ten Pounds; and any Constable, tything raan, and Headborough, failing to meet the Head Constable of the Hundred, Lathe, or Wapentake, pursuant to his Precept, and failing to prepare and make a true List, and to return and give in the same to the Justices in open Court, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and incur the Penalty of five Pounds: And every such High Constable, Constable and Tythingman, ft offending, shall be prosecuted at the General Assizes, Sessions of Oyer and Terminer, and General Gaol Delivery, or se/tions of the Peace, before the Justices thereof, who shall have Power and Authority to hear and determine the same.

The foremen

VI. And for the better Observance of this Act, and of the said Adds made in the fourth and fifth read^nubick'ly^ ears f kingwilliam and Queen Mary, and In the said seventh and eighth Years of the late every Quarter King William, the Justices of the Peace at the General Quarter sessions, held after the four and Sessions after 24 twentieth Day of June, yearly, shall cause the said several acts to be publicly read in open Court.

June, yearly

Farther Prervifmi concerning Juror, 3 Geo .2. C 25. 4 Geo. 2. c. 7. 6 Geo. 2. c. 37, 24 Geo. 2. c. 18. and 29 Geo. 2. c. 19.

Anno Regni annte Regirue quarto.

AT the Parliament summoned to be held at Westminster the fourteenth Day of June, Anno Dom. 1705, in the fourth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of in the Inrol England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, fc. And from thence conduit is, 'to 1 nue by several Prorogations, to the five and twentieth Day of October 1705;and then begun and ' -- i ' held, being the first session of this present Parliament.'

ment the nineteenth Day of March.

Princess Sophia of Hanover, and her Issue to be naturalised.

7 Ja. 3. C 2,

A Bill to be ex hibited for their Naturalisation.

CAP. I.

An Act for exhibiting a Bill in this present Parliament for naturalising the moult Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

WHEREAS the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Ekctrefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body, are to be naturalised, and by Reason of their being beyond the Seas, they cannot qualify themselves in Order thereto, according to the act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of King James the First, which requires every Person to receive the Sacrament of the lord's ' Supper, within one Month before any Bill for naturalisation be exhibited, and also take the Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance in the Parliament Hottfe, before his or her Bill be twice read: ' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Bill for the Naturalisation of the said most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body; shall and may be exhibited and brought into this present Parliament, and twice read; any Law, Statute, Matter, or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. II.

An act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and six. EXP; 4s. in the Pound.

CAP. III.

An Act to repeal several Clauses in the Statute made in the third and fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, for securing the Kingdom of England, from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland,

3 & 4 Anns, C 7.

Natives of Scotland (except settled Inhabitants in England, caster 25 Dec. 3705, adjudged Aliens,

WHEREAS n a Statute made in the third and fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the effectual securing the Kingdom of England from the apparent Dangers that may arise from several Acts lately passed in the Parliament of Scotland, there are Clauses contained in' these following (that is to say: )

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, no Person or Persons, being a Native or Natives of the Kingdom of Scotland (except such as are now settled Inhabitants within the Kingdom of England, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, and shall continue Inhabitants thereof, and such as are nowin Service in her Majesty's. Fleet or Army) shall be capable to inherit any Lands, Tenements, or 3. ' Hereditaments

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto Annje Regina;. C 3. 187

Hereditaments within this Kingdom of England, or the Dominions thereunto belonging, or to enjoy any Benefit or Advantage of a natural born Subject of England; but every such Person shall be from thenceforth adjudged and taken as an Alien, born out of the Allegiance of the Queen of England, until such Time as the Succession to the Crown of Scotland be declared and settled by an Act of Parliament in Scotland, in the same Manner the Succession to the Crown of England is now settled by Act of Parliament in England, in Case of her Majesty's Demise without Issue of her Body

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatso ever, final] at any Time from and after the twentieth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and sconand^forfci four, until such Time as the Succession to the Crown of Scotland he declared and settled by an Act of ture 1001.- C' in Scotland, in like Manner, as aforesaid, convey or send, or cause to be conveyed or sent from any Parts or Place in England or Ireland, any Horses, Arms, or Ammunition info the Kingdom of Scotland, every such Person or Persons shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and treble the Value of such Horses, Arms, or Ammunition; one third Part thereof to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Succetfiors; and the other third Part thereof to him or them who will sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Informa tion, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall lie.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and sc0^h Cattle twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, until such Time as the Succession to the Crown of Scotland be declared and settled by an Act of Parliament in Scotland, in like Manner, as forfeited'.

aforesaid, no great Cattle or Sheep shall be brought out of, or from the Kingdom of Scotland into the £ Kingdom of England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the Penalty of forfeiting all such great Cattle or Sheep to him or them who will seize or sue for the same, and also the Value of such great Cattle or Sheep; one third Part to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty,

her Heirs and successors, and the other two third Parts thereof to him or them who will sue for the same,

to be recovered as aforesaid.'

£ V And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons what 'cattle so brought £ soever, to take and seize in any Place or Places whatsoever, the great Cattle or Sheep brought contrary may be detained to this Act into this Kingdom of England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon 4 da>s»&c ' Tweed, and detain the same, during the Space of four Days, in some public or convenient Place where £ such Seizure shall be made, within which Time, if the Owner or Owners, or any on his or their Be 4 half, shall make it appear unto some Justice of the Peace of the same County where the same shall be so seized, by the Oath of two credible Witnesses (which Oath the said Justice of the Peace is hereby re quired and empowered to administer) that the same were not brought from Scotland, after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, then theyame upon the Warrant of such Justice shall be forthwith re delivered.'

VI. And be it further enacted, That if any English? or other Cattle or Sheep, shall be, with the englifhcattle Privity or Knowledge of the Owner, or any Person employed by him, driven or intermixed, or caused intermixed, for to be driven or intermixed with great Cattle or Sheep, brought out of or from Scotland, and shall be seized with them, such Cattle and Sheep so intermixed and seized, shall be deemed Scotch Cattle,

and shall be subject to the like Forfeiture, and ordered and disposed of in ail Respects as if they were '

brought out of or from Scotland, contrary to this Act, and if any Person or Persons shall wilfully and fraudulently conspire, confederate, or agree together to avoid or evade the Seizures or Forfei

teres upon the bringing in of Cattle in this Act particularly speeiiied, and the same shall put in Execution, then every such Person and Persons, being thereof indicted or presented within one Year, next after such Offence by him or them committed, and being thereof lawfully convicted or attainted, at any Time hereafter, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and distributed, as aforesaid.'

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, Bill, Plaint, or Persons feed, to Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for any Seizure, or other pad the Gene

Thing done or made in Pursuance or Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons shall not be obliged ral llue'

to give any more than a common Appearance, and may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or fuffcrdiscontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him in any such Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Infor mation, as aforesaid, the Defendants shall have treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy

as in any case where Costs by Law are given to the Defendant.'

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twen Scotch Coals im

tieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, until such Time as the Succession to the forfeited.

Crown of Scotland be declared and settled by an Act of Parliament in Scotland, In like Manner as aforesaid, no Scotch Coals, shall be imported out of the Kingdom of Scotland into the Kingdoms of England or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Coals so imported; one Half to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, the other Halt to such Personas shall seize or sue for the same.'

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said five and Scotch Lines

i4 twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, until such Time, as the Succession to a*so 4 the Crown of Scotland be declared and settled by an Act of Parliament in Scotland, in like Manner, as - '

£ aforesaid, no Scotch Linen shall be imported or brought out of Scotland into the Kingdom of England, '

£ Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or Ireland, under the Penalty of forfeiting the said Linen, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered with Costs of Suit in any of her Majesty's Courts

B b z 'of

188 C 4 — -6. Anno quarto anne Reginae. a.d.1705.

£ of Record; one Moiety thereof to the queen's Majesty, the other Moiety to such Persons as shall seize, inform, or sue for the same.'

X. And whereas, since the making the said Act, an Add hath been made and passed in the Parliament of Scotland, for enabling her Majesty to appoint Commissioners to treat with Commissioners for the Kingdom of England, of and concerning an Union of the said Kingdoms of England and Scot The aforesaid landd Now to the End that the good and friendly Disposition of this Kingdom towards the king clauses repealed. jom of Scotland may appear; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clauses be from henceforth absolutely repealed and vacated to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the Naturalisation of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body.

WHEREAS the imperial Crown and Dignity of the Realms of England, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereto belonging, after the Demise and Death of your Majesty, our most Sovereign, without Issue of your Body, is limited by Act of Parliament, to the most Excellent

Princess Sophia, Eledress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, Grandaughter of the late King James the First, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants: whereas your Majesty your Royal Care and Concern for the Happiness of these Kingdoms, reigns in the Hearts and Affections of all yourpeo

pie, to their great Comfort and Satisfaction, and will be a glorious Example to your Royal tmccessors

in future Ages: And to the End the said Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover,

and the Issue of her Body, and all Persons lineally descending from her, may be encouraged to become acquainted with the Laws and Constitutions of this Realm, it is just and highly reasonable, that they, ' in your majesty's Life Time ( whom God long preserve) Should be naturalised, and be deemed, taken,

and esteemed natural born Subjects of englandwe your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; therefore be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this pre

Princess Sophia sent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Princess Sophia, Eledress of Hanover, and ancj Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Issue of her Body, and all Persons lineally descending from nlfeedfinatu" ker' k°rn Of hereafter to be born, be and shall be, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, deemed, taken, and esteemed natural born Subjects of this Kingdom, as if the said Princess, and the Issue of her Body, and all Persons lineally descending from her, born or hereafter to be born, had been born within this Realm of England, any Law, Statute, Matter, or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

nopapift, CII Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That every to have thebe Person and Persons, who shall be naturalised by virtue of this Act of Parliament, and shall become tal bornsu eft a or profess the Popish Religion, shall not enjoy any Benefit or Advantage of a natural barn

3 orn uj, gu^je(fj. Of England; but every such Person shall be adjudged and taken as an Alien, born out of the Allegiance of the Queen of England, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Thing herein contained to thd contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six.

EXP.

CAP. VI.

An act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals Culm, and Cynders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Uses therein, mentioned.

"R yt A Y it please your most Excellent Majesty, we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the ' i vl Commons of England in Parliament assembled, duly considering your majesty's great Occasions for Money to carry on the present War, and having Regard as well to the great Burden of Taxes now lying upon your majesty's Subjects, as to the present Condition of the public Funds, and the present Encumbrances thereupon, are therefore desirous, by such easy and effectual Ways and Means, as

15757611. 16s.*in this Act are expressed and intended, to raise a Sum of Money, not exceeding in the whole, two

ad. 10 be raised, C millions five hundred seventy five thousand seven hundred sixty one Pounds sixteen Shillings and two

Pence, (Part of the Money necessary to be provided in this Session of Parliament for your majesty's.

Supply) and such further Sum of Money as will be sufficient, during the first two Years of the Term

herein after mentioned, to complete the Payment of the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act; and

have

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto anne Regins, C 6. 189

have for that End and Purpose, cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage upon Wines, Goods, and Mer Tuning and chandizes, and the several Duties upon Coal, Qulm, and Cynders, and upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and Poundage, upon other Liquors hereafter in this Act mentioned, for such several and respective Terms, and to commence Wines

at or from such respective Days and Times, and to be paid and payable in such Manner and Form, as Krante<1 ' in this Act are afterwards expressed: (That is to say) Whereas by an Act made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, (entitled An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy oftunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly9 & 10 W. 3.

Sum of even hundred thousand Pounds, for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Uses therein men C 2 3 ' tioned, during his Majesty's Life) it was enacted, That over and above the Sub fid ies, Impositions, and 'newsumdj .'

other Duties therein mentioned, there should be raffed and paid to his Majesty, one other Subsidy called Tunnage, for and upon all Wines which from and after the last Day of January in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, at any Time and Times, during his Majesty's Life,

should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England', Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed; and one further Subsidy called Poundage of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes imported or brought into this Realm, or any his Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times after the said last Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-nine, during his Majesty's Life, byway of Merchandise (except such Goods and Merchandizes as are therein excepted)

and with such Abatements, Regulations, Directions for making Repayments or Allowances upon Exportation, and subject to such Rules and other Matters and Things touching the said several Subsidies,

as in the last mentioned Act are expressed; which said further Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage,

and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, granted by the Act above recited, are to be raised and paid to her Majesty, during her Life, by virtue of another Act of Parliament made and passed in the first Year of her Reign, (entitled, An Act for the better Support of her Majesty's Houshold, and the 1 Ann; e, lht. I.

Honour and Dignity of the Crown :,) And whereas by an Act made and passed in the second Year of her C 7<

majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy oftunnage and Pound 2 & 3 Anns, C ' age for three Tears, and for laying a further Duty upon French I Vines condemned as lawful Prize., and for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported from the East Indies) It was enacted, That there should nf third Sub

raised, levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto her Majesty one other Subsidy called Tunnage, for and upon all Wines which from and after the eighth Day of Marsh in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, at any Time or Times within or during the Space of three Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England,

Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed; (that is to say) one third Part of such or the like several and respective Duties as by the two Acts last recited or mentioned, or either of them, were imposed or payable for or upon any Kind ofwir.e or Wines respectively: And one other Subsidy called Poundage of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes to be imported or brought into this Realm,

or any her Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, at any Time or Times after the said eighth

'Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, during the said Term of three Years, by way of

1 Merchandise; (that is to say) one third Part of such or the like several and respective Duties as by the said two Acts last before recited or mentioned, or either of them, are imposed or payable for or upon the same Goods and Merchandizes respectively, (except such Goods and other Merchandizes as by the said two Acts last mentioned, or either of them, are exempted from Payment of the Subsidies thereby granted) as in and by the said several Acts (Relation being thereunto respectively had) may more fully appear: 'Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled, for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That over and above the Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage abovementioned, Tunnage, C and over and above all other Subsidies, additional Duties, Impositions, and Payments whatsoever, by 2 Anna: 'eontl' any Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever already due or payable, or which ought to be paid ^rchto6 for to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for or upon any Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes whatsoever 9s Years, imported or to be imported, there shall be continued, and be raised, levied, collected, paid, and satisfied For the apjlica unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines which from and after the eighth Day tion of400001. of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, at any Time or ^njj°p'he

Times, within or during the Term of ninety and eight Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, ^ffn^ from this and fully to be complete and ended, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Domi Act, feesann. nion of ivales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, the same or the like Subsidy of Tonnage, as by the C 5. f. 1, a. said Act of the second Year of her Majesty's Reign was charged or imposed, for or upon any kind f This Duty made Wine or Wines whatsoever; (that is to say) one third Part of such or the like several and respective Du perpetual by 1 ties, as by the said Act of the ninth ear of his said late majesty's Reign, were granted to him during Geo. 1. flat. 2, his Life, and by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, are continued to her during her._za. f. 8. majesty's Life, for or upon any kind of Wine or Wines respectively, and for and upon all manner of (7, 20 ll "rd Goods and Merchandizes, which from and after the said eighth Day of March, which shall be in the 3,

Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, at any Time or Times within or during the said, ^,il"

Term of ninety and eight Years, shall be imported or brought into this Realm, or any her Majesty's Dominions, to the same belonging, by way of Merchandise, there shall be continued, raised, levied,

collected, paid, and satisfied to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the same or the like Subsidy of Poundage, as by the said Act of the second Year of her Majesty's Reign was laid or imposed, for or upon any

igo

9 & to y. 3, C 23.

1 Anna?, flat, 1, 7-

Except such as are exempted, from Payment,

Drawbacks, C allowed by this ActV. 2 & 3 Anna?, C 9.

Du'ies how faised.9 & 10 W. 3. C 23.

1 Anna?, flat. I. C 7. a & 3 Anna?, C 9.

Clauses to be observed in collecting the sub fidv.

Duty on Currans from Venice exempted.

3 & 4 Anna?, C 5.

This Clause explained by S Anna?, C i'j, £ 21,

Duties on Coal, Culm, C continued from 34 May 170s. to 30 Sept, 1710, 9 & 10 W. 3. C 13.

TO & 11 w. 3. C 21.

7 Anna?, flat. 2.

C 6;

Anno quarto Anna; Regina.

A.D. 1705.

Clauses, C In former asis revived, for levyv ing the Duties on this Acb.

9 & 10 W. 3. C 13, 9 Anns, C 4. 22 gco. 2.

any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever; is to say) one third part of such or the like several and respective Duties, as by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, were granted to him during his Life, and by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, are continued during her Majesty's Life, for or upon the same Goods and Merchandizes respectively, (except such Goods and other Merchandizes, as by the said Subsidy Acts made in the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, and in the first and second Years of her now majesty's Reign, or any of them, are exempted from Payment of the said Subsidies thereby granted.)

II. And it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases where by the said Subsidy act of the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any general or particular Clauses therein contained, any Drawbacks or Abatements of the Whole, or any Part of the Duties thereby granted, or any other Allowances what feever, are appointed to be made or given in respect of the Subsidy thereby granted, there shall be in the like Cases respectively the same, or the like Drawbacks and Abatements of the Whole or Part of the Duties 'by this act granted, and other Allowances made and given in respect of the Subsidy hereby imposed; that the said several Subsidies and Duties by this act payable, during the Continuance thereof, and all Arrearages of the same, shall be raided, levied, collected, secured and paid by the same Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Rules an h Directions as in and by the said Subsidy Acts of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Rei; n, and of the first and second Years of her now majesty's Reign, or by any general, relative, or particular Clauses, or Words therein, or in any of them contained, and now in force, are prescribed or appointed, touching or concerning the said several Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, which were thereby respectively granted as aforesaid; that so much of the said Subsidy act of the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, and such of the Branches and Clauses therein contained, or thereby referred unto, as do concern only the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage thereby granted, (b ing one third Part of the Subsidies granted by the said former acts as aforesaid) and are now in force, shall be used, exercised, put in Practice, and observed, in and for the raising, levying, collecting, and anfvering the Subsidies and Duties hereby before granted, as fully and effectually as if the same were again particularly and at large repeated and reenacted in the Body of this present ACT

III. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Exception contained in the act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for granting to her Majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, whereby Currans imported in english buwi Shipping, navigated according to the Laws then in force, are exempted from the Duties thereby granted, shall be extended to all such Currans as after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, shall be imported in Ships belonging to any of the Subjects of the Republic of Venice, so that they also shall be exempted from Payment of the Subsidy granted by that Act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And her Majesty's said dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do also humbly beseech her Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such and the like Itnpositions, Rates and Duties whatsoever, as in and by an act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coal and Culm) were charged and imposed upon the several Sorts of Coals and Culm therein mentioned, for the Term of five Years, which commenced from the fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and the Duty and Duties upon Cynders, which in and by an act made and passed in the Parliament held at Westminster, in the tenth and eleventh Years of his late majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act for laying further Duties upon Siveets, and for lessening the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon certain Low I Vines, and ivjoale sins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and sir the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for charging Cynders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Ashes, and for preventing Abuses in the braving of Beer and Ale, and Frauds in Importation of Tobacco) were charged or imposed upon such Cynders as are therein mentioned, for four Years, commencing from the fifteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety-nine; which several Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cynders were by an act made in the first Year of her now majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders) continued from the fourteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, until the fifteenth Day of Ma, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight (Charcoals made of Wood being always excepted) shall by force and virtue of this act be further continued from the fourteenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, until the thirtieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and shall, during all that Time and Term, be raised, levied, collected, and paid, for and upon all such and the like Sorts of Coals, Culm, and Cynders, as by the said former acts touching the same, or any of them, were chargeable, in such manner and Form, and according to such Rules, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as by the same former acts touching Coals, Culm, and Cynders, or the Duties thereof, or any of them, were prescribed for or concerning the Duties thereby granted or continued.

V. And it is hereby enacted, That the said act (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm) and so much of the said act for laying Duties upon Sweets, and other Things, as concerns the said Duty upon Cynders, and all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, now being in

C 6. 9. Concerning Duties on Coats, (fije. see farther 8 j$nn, C 4.

C 37. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. /. 2s.

9 Ann. C 6 £? 23. iz Ann. ft, 2.

5 Geo. i. C. 9. 6 Geo. 1. force.

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto anReginae. C 6. 191

force, for governing, managing, raising, levying, securing, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, by the said former Acts granted or continued, during the said several Terms therein mentioned, shall be and are by force and virtue of this present Act; revived, and shall be in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, in and for the governing, managing, raising, levying, securing, colkdting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders by this Act granted, for and during the Term hereby granted of and in the same, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were again expressed, and particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VI. And whereas in and by a certain Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of their 5 & 6 W.

late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, (entitled, An Act sir granting to their Majesties jj f f ' certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Stint of ten hundred from 17

thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the jvar againf France) certain Rates and Duties of Excise therein Mav 1713, du

for and upon Beer, Ale, Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, Mum, Cyder, Perry, Brandy, Spirits, ring 95 Years.

Aqua Vita, Metheglin, and other Liquors therein expressed, werfc granted or made payable to their said made perpetual

late Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for and during the Term of sixteen Years, which commenced e, j.

from the seventeenth Day of May, which was in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundreds s. and l'art of £ ninety seven, and several Annuities therein mentioned, were thereby male payable to such Persons the Aggregate as should contribute Moneys upon the same Act, their Executors. Administrators and Assigns respectfund '

tively, out of the Fund thereby provided, and charged upon the Duties of Salt and the said Duties of Excise, thereby granted for a certain 'Perm of ilxteen Years, which will expire at the Feast of

St. Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten,

or at the End of twenty Days then next ensuing, as by the Act last before recited (Relation being thereunto had) may more fully appear Now her Majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do likewise humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the seventeenth Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, there shall be within and throughout her Majesty's Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, raisea, levied, collected, and paid unto her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and during the Space and Term of ninety five Years, from thence next and immediately ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors herein after expressed, by way of Excise, over and above all Duties, Charges and Impositions, by any former Act or Acts of Parliament fetor imposed, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after expressed: is to say)

VII. For every Barrel of Beer or Ale above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duty of Excise, For every Barrel

brewed by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer f Beer or Ale or Ale publickly or privately, to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties payable for cxt u ue" 5 the same, nine Pence. ", V

VIII. For every Barrel of Beer or Ale of six Shillings the Barrel, or under, brewed by the common Every Barrel, Brewer, or any other Person or Persons, who shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale publickly or privately, to cof 6s. or be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other Person or Persons respectively as aforesaid, and so pro undtr> 3 d pardonably for a greater or lesser Quantity, over and above the Duties payable for the same, three pence.

IX. For every Barrel of Vinegar, or Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be f Vine

brewed or made of any English or foreign Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for Sale, and vulcgarmadefor foin proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity (over and above the other Duties of Excise payable for pickles for Sale, the same) two Shillings and fourpence, to be paid by the Maker thereof.'is to pay Duty.

X L or every Barrel of Beer, Ale or Mum imported from beyond the Seas, or from the Islands of sano.t. c. 7.^4. Giternfey or jersey, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importers be Sarrel fj

fore landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, three Shillings. imported' 3 s'

XI. For every Tun of Cyder or Perry imported from beyond the Seas, and so proportionably for a Cyder,

greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable ported, 41.; er for the same, four Pounds. - Tun.

XII. For every Gallon of single Brandy, Spirits or Aqua Vita, imported from beyond the Seas, g11?

to be paid by the Importer before landing, over and above the Duties payable for the same, two Slul pol ved' is! pe

ling^s.^Gallon.

XIII. For every Gallon of Brandy, Spirits or Aqua Vita, above Proof, commonly called double Brandy, Spirits,

Brandy, imported from beyond the Seas, to be paid oy the Importer before landing, over and above the above Proof, Duties payable for the same, four Shillings., '^enfon4 S'

XIV. or all Cycler and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Re cyder, J ibid

taller thereof, over and above the Duties payable for the same, and so proportionably for a greater or by Retail, to pay lesser Measure, one Shilling and threepence. " is 3d. po

XV. For all Metheglin or Mead made for Sale, whether by f etail or otherwise, to be paid by the Hogshead.

Maker, for every Gallon, threepence., 'a r n?

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates, Duties and Impofi Duties on Beer"'tonnes upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors aforesaid, and all Arrearages thereof, be raised, levied, Ale, C bow cclledted, and paid unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, during the said Space and Term of)evicd

ninety five

t

192 C 6. Anno quarto Ann Reginae. A.D. 1705.

ninety five Years, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways and Means, and under Rich Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and ocher Powers, as the like or the said Duties of Excise granted by the said Act of the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign are thereby or by any other Act or Acts, or Lav whatsoever, for or concerning any the Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, now in force, enacted or appointed to be raised, levied, collected and paid, during the Remainder of the said Term of sixteen Years therein granted, and that so much of the said 5 & 6 W. k M. Act of the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, as concerns only the said Duties of Excise, and of C 7' the said other Laws of Excise relating thereunto, as are now in force for the raising, levying, collecting,

and answering the said Duties of Excise granted in the fifth Year of their late Majesties Reign, shall be continued, and revived, and be practised, put in Execution, and obfel ved, in and for the raising, levying, collecting, and answering the said Duties of Excise by this Act granted, for and during the said Term of ninety five Years, and all Arrearages thereof, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, as fully _ and effectually as if the farne were particularly and at large re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

the Annuities

XVII. And to the Intent that a good, sure, and lasting Security and Fund may be settled and established, for the constant Payment of all the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act; be it further the Moneys ari enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising from time to time, by or for the said sing by this Act, Subfiles of Tonnage and Poundage upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes by this Act granted, and by or for the said several and respective Duties and Impositions by this Act continued, for or upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and by qr for the said several Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, or by or for any other Duties by this Act granted or continued, and every of them (the necessary Charges of managing, raising, levying, collecting, answering, paying, and accounting for the said several Subsidies, Rates, Impositions, and other Duties only excepted) shall, from time to time, from the respective Commencements of the said Subsidies, Rates, Impositions, and other Payments respectively, and for and during the several Terms or Times therein severally granted or intended to be granted by this Act, be brought and paid by the respective Commissioners, Receivers General, or such Persons as for to be paid into the time being shall have the Receipt thereof, as the same shall be raised (who are hereby required and th^enj°'nec* to bring and pay the same accordingly) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in t 7< '1'this Act expressed, distinctly and separately from all other Moneys whatsoever, that are or shall be payable

by them into the said Receiptand that all the Moneys to arise by virtue of the said Act of the fifth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, of or for the said Duties of Excise thereby granted, after the said Lottery Annuities therein mentioned shall be paid oft', or sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for paying off the same, shall in like Manner, from time to time, be brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, distinctly and apart as aforesaid; and the respective Commissioners and Receivers General of the said several Impositions, Rates, Subsidies, and other Duties hereby required to be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, shall make or cause to be made the Payments thereof into the said Receipt of Exchequer, according to the true Meaning of this"adi weekly; to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday; and if it be, then on the next Day after, that is not an Holiday

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, one or more Books, in which all the Moneys hereby appointed to be paid in weekly as aforesaid, and which shall be brought to the said Receipt, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid into the said Receipt, on any other Account whatsoever.

Officerstobeap

XIX. And to the End all the Moneys by this Act appropriated for Payment of the Annuities to be sing the Dutk!. £urchsfed upon this Act, may be duly and certainly raised and brought into the Receipt of Exchequer for that Purpose; it is hcrehy further enacted, That from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be continued or appointed Commissioners, Receivers General, Comptrollers, Collectors, and other proper Officers for raising the several Duties by this Act granted, and for keeping the Accounts of the same; and that the respective Commissioners or chief Managers thereof, shall from time to time weekly compute and ascertain the Moneys of each Branch of the said Duties hereby granted or continued, which ought to be paid into the Exchequer on every Wednesday, or on the subsequent Day, not being an Penalties on Holiday as aforesaid; and that all Commissioners, Receivers General, Comptrollers, Collectors, and Segtcfl, other Officers, who are or shall be concerned 'in the managing, raising, 1 levying, receiving, collecting, or

paying the same, or in keeping the Accounts thereof, shall perform their several and respective Duties therein, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the said Moneys, as are prescribed, and to be inflicted by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in 5 u 10w. j. the ninth Fear of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, (entitled. An Act for C 44- raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, afier the Rate of eight Pounds,

per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the Fall Indies) for the like Offence or Neglect in i relation to the Duties upon Salt, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereby granted, or r for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted by the Act last t mentioned.

the Monjes an

XX. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising of the g»neral or f°1' t^le said favei al Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and of or for the said Duties of Coals, Culm, Fund, rand and Cynders, and the said several Rates and Duties of Excise by this Act appointed to be paid into the not to be divert Receipt of the Exchequer, from time to time as aforesaid, together with the Sum of two hundred and ed, under Pe eighty thousand Pounds, (Part of the contribution moneys to be reserved and applied as is herein after, ult mentioned)

Weekly.

And entered apart

193

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto Ann,: Reginae. C 6.

mentioned) or so much of the said Subsidies, Rates, Impositions, Duties, and contribution money, as shall be sufficient for answering the full and due Payment of all the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, from time to time, according to the true Meaning thereof, is, are, and shall be the general Fund for Payment of the same, and shall be charged therewith, and liable thereunto, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities in this Act expressed.

XXI. And for the raising any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of two Sum to be taised, millions eight hundred fifty-five thousand seven hundred sixty one Pounds sixteen Shillings and twopence,

(that is to say) Two millions five hundred seventy five thousand seven hundred sixty one Pounds iiow appj!c<3* sixteen Shillings and twopence thereof, for carrying on the present War, and other her Majesty's oc cafions, and two hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, Residue thereof, to be applied, together with the Produce of the said Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, for or towards the making good or completing the quarterly Payments herein after mentioned, to incur and grow due on and before the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Per An' Persons Tonnes, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay into the ^7said Sum Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times 21 u > in this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money not exceeding in the whole, the said Sum forpurchasing of Two millions eight hundred fifty-five thousand seven hundred sixty one Pounds sixteen Shillings Annuu, es for and twopence, for purchasing any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the full Term yeare from the of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our twenty-fifth of Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, at the Rate of fifteen Years and an half's Purchase, which March 1706, at Rate doth amount to the Sum of one hundred fifty-five Pounds for every such Annuity of ten Pounds Y "rsand per Annum, and proportionally for any greater Annuity; and the same Rate or consideration money is "hase icevfbr hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt, at or before the respective Days and Times herein 101. per Annum, after mentioned, (that is to say) one fourth Part thereof, on or before the first Dayfof May in the Year purchasj money, of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six; one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the first how paid. day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six; one other fourth Part thereof, By 6 P " ' on or before the one and thirtieth Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred The' South Sea and six; and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the first Day of November in the Year of Company may our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six: All which Annuities so to be purchased, shall not exceed take in chefe in the whole, the Sum of one hundred eighty-four thousand two hundred forty-two Pounds fourteen Annuities. Shillings per Annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Feasts, or Days of Payment in Annuit, e not the Year; (that is to say) the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel,

the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary., by even and equal Por per Annum, tions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, which Times of pay shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six. ment.'

XXII. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Contributors

Pells in the Exchequer severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall ^che.

be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said, cn cre'C contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid, and the Times.; !nd af, he when the same are respectively paid; to which Book it shall be lawful for the respective Contributors, ums pal their Executor?, Administrators and Assigns, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have

Resort, and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities what the Annuities soever, which shall be purchased upon, or in pursuance of this present Act, shall be, and are hereby hoyf charged, charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time in the first Place, and with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, out of the Moneys arising from time to time, of and for the said several Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, Impositions upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and the said several

B. ates and Duties of Excise, and all and every other Duty and Duties, Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever, by this Act appointed to be brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer as aforesaid, and every of them, and also out of the said Sum not exceeding two hundred and eighty thousand Pounds by this Act allowed to be contributed for or towards the making good or completing the quarterly Payments for the first two Years as aforesaid, and so much of the said several Subsidies, Duties, Impositions,

Rates, Sum and Sums of Money so appointed by this Act, to be brought or paid into the Exchequer, and so much of the said Sum not exceeding two hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, allowed by this Act to be contributed for this Purpose as aforesaid, as are and shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, according to the Purport and true Meaning of the same, are and shall be, by virtue of this Act, appropriated and applied, to and for the satisfying and discharging of the same Annuities accordingly, and shall be ififued, disposed, and applied to that Use, and to no aether Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; anything in this or any other Act of Parliament contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIV. Provided always, That if at the End of the said first two Years of the said Term of ninety, overplus mo. nine Years, there shall be an Overplus remaining in the Receipt of the Exchequer of the said Duties nie if an and contribution moneys, or any of them, by this Act appointed for the Payment of the said Annuities, Pj, rcable by which shall be more than what shall have been sufficient to discharge all the quarterly Payments of the'1, ament' said Annuities, until, and for the Quarter to end at Lady Day one thousand seven hundred and eight; or

if at the End of any subsequent Year of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, the Moneys brought into.

Contributors te have lure Estates in the Annuities purchased by them free from Taxes.

And to have Tallies CV

and Orders for Payment,

No Lord Treasurer, C to revoke t he same,

61. percent, allowed for prompt Payment, to May706.

Annuities af hgnabic,

and Entry to be made, C

Affidavits to be filed.

In Default of Devise, Interest to go to Executors, C gu irdians may purchase for Infants, Sec,

Exchequer Officers to take no re on Penalty, Cic.

6. Anno quarto anne Reginae. A.D. 1705.

the Exchequer within such Year of the said several Subsidies, Impositions, Rates, Duties, and Moneys by this act appropriated for Payment of the said Annuities, pursuant to this Act, shall exceed all the Moneys then due for or upon the said Annuities, and all Arrearages thereof, then or at any Time or Times before that Time incurred, so that there shall be an Overplus remaining in the Exchequer, such overplus moneys shall be disposable from time to time for the public Use and Service by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Contributors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, adrui nistrators, Successors and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and "be intituled, by virtue of this Act to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for the Payment thereof, during the said whole Term of ninety-nine Years, as is abovementioned; that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall have good and sure Estates and Interests in the several Annuities so by them to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, and every of them, during the Term aforesaid, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XXVI. and- be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act for any Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Admit till ra tors or Assigns, upon. Payment of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, at the Rate aforesaid, or any Part or Proportion thereof, within the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have one or more Talley or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of so much consideration money as shall be so paid, and upon Payment of all the purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns respectively, shall have an Order for paying of the said Annuity and Annuities, for and during the said Term of ninety-nine Years; which Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, and after the signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act; and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of thetrea fury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of England, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the time being, have Power to revoke, countermand or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid, or any of them.

XXVII. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay forthwith into the Receipt of the Exchequer, the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act, it is provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, all or any Part of the purchase money payable for any such Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, before the said first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annuniy for the prompt payment of the Money so advanced, from the Time of the actual advancing and paying the same, until the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, at any Time or Times, during the Cpntinuance of his, her, or their Term, Estate, or Interest of and in any Annuity to be purchased upon this Act, by any Writing under Hand and Seal, or by his or her last Will in Writing, to assign or devise such Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever. so toties /puoties, and no such Assignment to be revocable, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such af signment or Will be made in Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the Space of three Months after such Assignment or Death of the Devisor, and that' upon producing such Assignment or Will, or Probate thereof in the said Office of Receipt, to be entered as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same, shall bring therewith an Affidavit taken before one or more, of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the idue Execution of the said Assignment or Will; which Affidavit shall be severally filed in the said Office, which said Entry or Memorandum, the proper Officers in the said Receipt of Exchequer, are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits; and in Default of such Assignment or Devise by Deed or will, the Interest of such Contributor shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian ortrustee, having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, for the Use' and Benefit of such infant, to advance and pay the Sum of one hundred fifty-five Pounds of the Money of such Infant, to purchase an Annuity upon this Act, for the Benefit of such Infant; and the said 1 Guardian or Trustee, as to the said Sum of one hundred fifty-five Pounds, so advanced, is hereby' discharged.

XXX. And be it further enacted, for the better Encouragement of Persons to advance the Moneys on this Act, That all Receipts and issues, and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly

4 or

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto anne Reginae. C 6. 195

or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward for the same; and in case any of the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or Demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or inifapply any of the Moneys of the said Duties, or Moneys hereby appropriated, or any Part thereof, which mould make good the Payment of the said Annuities, or shall pay or issue out the same otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books and Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other Things, which by this Act they are required to perform, every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be for the future Uncapable of any Office or Place of Trust, and shall answer and pay Treble Damages, with Costs of Suit, to every Contributor or Person who shall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, 'or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein ho Essoin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, Order of Restraint, Or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff, upon Reco Pbintiffto have very, shall have his full Costs; one third Part of which Sum, to be recovered for Damages, shall be to the full Corts.

Uie of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; the other two third Parts, with the Costs, shall be to the Use of the Prosecutor; and in case there shall be any Collusion, or saint Prosecution between the in case ofcoliu plalntiff and Defendant in such action, it shall be lawful for any other Contributor, his or her Execu flon> any other tors, Administrators, or Assigns, to bring another action, wherein he or she shall recover as aforesaid, puntnfcutormay to the like Uses as aforesaid. '.!. bnne 3a

XXXI. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or nlay purchase or obtain, or No Purchase, be' admitted to purchase or obtain any Annuity whatsoever upon this Act, unless the Whole, or one unlessooe fourth Part at leaf! of the consideration money for the same, at such Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and be pal d b)'1 paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, on of before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hun 170

dred and six.

XXXII. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid - flail on or before the One fourth ad

said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six have advanced one fourth Part of his or her V '"cc'!> the purchase moneyr, or his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, dp not advance and pay into the forfeited. Receipt of the Exchequer, one other fourth Part of his or her consideration money fp to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the said first Day of July in the Year of our Lord

one thousand seven hundred and six; and one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the said orie and thirtieth Day of au^ujl one thousand seven hundred and six; and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the said first Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six; then and in every such Case respectively, no Order shall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity, for which the consideration money shall not be fully paid as aforesaid; but so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and be applied, together with other the Moneys to be raised by this Act, for such public Services as aforesaid; thing in this Act contained to she contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord officers. Clerks, Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of the said Commissioners of the chow to be Treasury for the Time being, out of any the Moneys of the said weekly Payments hereby appointed to be Paii*

paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, to reward the Officers, Clerks, and others, to be employed in the Payment of the said Annuities, or the Accounts thereof, for their Labour, Pains, Charges and Service therein respectively, and to defray all other the necessary Charges incident to the Payment of the said Annuities, as to the said Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall seem meet and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all strong Waters, Brandy, C Brandy, Aqua Vitrs, or Spirits, brought from the I Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Sark, or Alderney, shall con brought iro. n tinue to be charged with the Duty of eight Shillings for every Gallon, and no more, to be paid to the Col puej, nkj» Jer' lector or Officer of Excise before Landing; and that all other exciseable Liquors brought from the said d/rneyhow Islands, or any of them (except Beer, Ale, and Mum) shall be charged and chargeable with such and the charged. (Except like Duties, as are or shall from Time to Time be charged or chargeable on the like Liquors made in Beer, Ale, and this Kingdom, to be entered and paid as aforesaid; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof Mum).

in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And whereas several Bonds, pursuant to several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf have been Merchants entered into by several Merchants and others for the Customs, additional Duties, Impositions, and other Bonds for Cuf ' Duties of Goods and Merchandizes imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and j0" 15' p "ya], Ie.

Town of Berwick upon Tweed, upon which Bonds the whole Moneys or Part of the Moneys specified in^February"

the Conditions of the same respectively, have, according to such Conditions, incurred or become pay, anci re able at several Days or Times of Payment, before the sixth Day of February in the Year of our Lord main yet unfa one thousand seven hundred and five, and do remain unsatisfied, or such Bonds are not delivered up tisfied;

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all and every Case and Cases where the Obligors in such in case principal Bonds (.being Principals or Sureties) their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, or any of them, have paid Money be paid or flin.ll have paid, before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and six, to the proper Officer v1 Jun' or Officers, the principal Moneys so incurred or grown due before the said sixth Day of February one '., 0

thousand seven hundred and five, such Payment shall be of the same Force and Effect, as if the same had e Ivcre been made at or before the respective Day or Days in such Condition or Conditions mentioned for Payment thereof; and in all Cases where the whole principal Moneys, due or to be due by the Conditions of such Bonds as are before mentioned, are or shall be paid by the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and six, such Bond and Bonds respectively shall upon Demand be delivered up to the Party or

C C 2 Parties

196 C 7, 8.

Anno quarto Annas Reginae.

A.D. 1705.

Parties who hath or shall have so paid the same, his, her, or their Executors or Administrators, without If not paid, tobc any further or other Demand whatsoever; nevertheless it is hereby declared, That in case any of the Bonds before mentioned shall not be satisfied within the Time by this Act limited as aforesaid, or in case any Payment to incur or grow due after the 'faitl sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and five, by the Condition of any Bond taken or to be taken for the Customs, additional Duties, impositions, or other Duties of any Goods or Merchandizes imported, or hereafter to be imported as aforesaid, shall hot be duly paid, according to Condition of every such Bond respectively: In all and every such

Case and Cases, the Penalty of every such Bond shall not be discharged, either in Law or Equity, without the full Payment of the principal Moneys, together with Interest, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, to be reckoned from the Day on which such principal Moneys become due, until the Payment thereof, besides Costs of Suit, unless the Lord Treasurer, or any three or more of the

in Force.

Bristol Merchants provided for by 5 Anna, C 29. (. i3.

Lord Treasure'*, actual

Bond Tor Companies Da its, not toed £- hinged. 1

rs'l1 (i:

I

1

"'I

io'& 11 W 3.

omrn ssi, oncr3 the Treasury for the Time being, upon any Representation of the Commissioners of the; u rc, C Customs for the Time being, or any three or more of them, shall judge it reasonable, in any particular Case or Cases, to remit the said Interest and Costs, or any Part thereof; this Act, or any other Law or, _, Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. Provided always, That this Act, 'or anything therein contained, shall not extend to discharge the Interest upon any Bond or Bonds, entered into for the Duties of any Goods or Merchandizes imported by any Corporation or Company of Merchants trading by any Charter upon a joint Stock; anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for making the town of New Ross, in the County of Wexford in the Kingdom of Ireland, a Port for the exporting Wool from Ireland into this Kingdom.

WHEREAS by an Act passed in this Kingdom in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the third, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Farts, and for the Encouragement of the Woollen ma nufaslurcs in the Kingdom of England, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That all the Wool and the Manufactures thereof, in the said Act particularly specified, as should, from Time to Time be export ed from the said Kingdom of Ireland into the Ports of this Kingdom or Dominion of Wales, should be slipped off, and entered at the Ports of Dublin, Waterford, Toughall, Kingsale, Cork, and Drogheda in the said Kingdom of Ireland, and at or from no other Port or Place within the said Kingdom, under great Penalties to every Offender against the said Act: And whereas the Town of New Ross, in the County of jfexford in the said Kingdom Ireland, is in the same Harbour with the Port of the City of jfatcrford, and before the passing of the said Act hath always had Liberty to export the said Commodities directly into this Kingdom; but the said Town not being particularly named in the said Act, some Doubt hath arisen whether the said Commodities may be exported thencetherefore to prevent all Doubt for the future concerning the same, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at all Times from and after the four and twentieth Day of

iu4uc«June one thousand seven hundred and six, it shall and may be lawful to and for all and every Person and

Port for export Persons whomsoever, to ftiip off, enter, and export, from the said Town of New Refs, all the said Coming Wool from modifies in the said recited Act particularly mentioned, and to import the same into any of the Ports of

Ireland. Biddeford, Barnstaple, Mtnhead, Bridgwater, bri/iol, Milford Haven, Chrfer, and Leverpoole, in the same

2.5 3* Jviajrmer, as if the said Town of Ross had been particularly named for Exportation of the said Commodi fartha Provisi ties in the Laid former Act; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

13 Geo. j. C 13. 5 Geo. 2. C LI .11 Geo. 2. c. 21. 15 Geo. 2. c. 27. 25

12 Car,

Town of New Ross made a

32.

ons concerning

Wool, 3 Geo. 1. c. 21. 4 Cot. i. C 11. 5 Geo. 1

Geo. 2. c. 14. 26 Geo. z f, 3 O' 11, 29 Geo. 2.

C 11, 12 Geo. 1. c. 34.

33. 30 Geo. 2. r, 12.

j W. St M. (T. 2. C 2.

12 & 13 W. 3. C 2.

16r. 2. C 3. 6 & 7 W. 3. C 2, 6 Annae, C 7. & 1 Geo. 2. Hat

1. C j. & Hat.

2. C 23.

J WM. f. I.

C 8.

1 Annte, Hat. 1

CAP. VIII.

'An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown o f England, in the Protestant Line. Persons who by Writing, C shall declare, &c. That the Queen is not lawful Queen, or that the pretended Prince of Wales hath any Right to the Crown, fe. guilty of High Treason. Persons who by Preaching, &c. shall declare and affirm the Queen not lawful Queen, esc. to incur the Penalty of Praemunire. Parliament not dissolved by the queen's Death, but to continue for six Months after, &c. Parliament to meet immediately after the queen's Death. In case of no Parliament, the last preceding to meet. Not to abridge the queen's Power to prorogue or dissolve Parliaments, lac. Privy Counsel not to be dissolved by the queen's Death; nor the Places of the Great Officers; nor any Officers Civil or.military; but to continue for six Months, &c. The Great Seal, C to be used. Upon queen's Death, Privy Council to cause the next Protestant. successor to be proclaimed, on Penalty of High Treason. In case the Successor be out of the Realm, at the queen's Death, seven Lords Justices appointed. The Successor by three Instruments, may add seven others. The three Instruments to be transmitted into England, and to be severally sealed up, and deposited, C Persons opening any of the said Instruments, 0iac. guilty of a Praemunire. Any one of the Instruments produced to Privy Council, to be effectual. Lords Justices not to dissolve the Parliament without Direction, &c. Nor alter the Act 13 & 1+ Car. 2. C 4. on Penal ty of High Treason. 3 Lords

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto anne Regime. C 9, 12. 197

Lords Justices before they act to take the Oaths, &c. and also all Persons in Offices, cac. Lords Justices to be deemed as Officers in Trust. The Successor may use any Seal before her or his Arrival in j1 & V England. Parliament called by Lords Justices, not to be dissolved by Arrival of Successor. CL

XXIV. And whereas in and by the said Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the further LI ' nutation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; it was amongst other Things enabled, in the Words following, That from and after the Time that the further Limitation by this Act shall take effect, all Matters and Things relating to the well Government of this Kingdom,

which are properly cognizable in the Privy Council by the Laws and Customs of this Realm, shall be transacted there, and all Resolutions taken thereupon, shall be signed by such of the Privy Council, as shall advise and consent to the same; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Clauses repealed, Clause shall be, and the same is hereby annulled and repealed, as if the same Act had never been made.

XXV. And whereas also in the said Act it was amongst other Things enacted in the Words following. That no Person who has an Office or Place of Profit under the King, or receives.a Pension from.

the Crown, shall be capable of serving as a Member of the House of Commons; and it appearing reasonable that the said recited Clause should be repealed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last recited Clause shall be, and is hereby annulled and repealed, as if the same Act had never been made.

"Persons in new Offiees disabled from being elected Members of the House of Commons. Members ac "of any Office of Profit, their Election void. But may be again elected. No Office to be exe CC cuted by too great a Number of Commissioners. Not to extend to Officers in the Navy or Army.

"p eifons disabled, and returned as Members, such Election and Return to be void. Penalty on Sitting."

[Th is Statute is re enacted 6 Annas, C 7. and therefore is omitted here.]

CAP. IX.

An Act for repairing the Highways between Barnhill and Hatton Heath in the County of Chester. EXP.'

J

CAP. X

An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Army and Marines.

EXP.

CAP. XI '

An Act for continuing an Act: made in the Session held in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mujiers, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act for laying further Duties on Low Wines, and for preventing the Damage to her Majesty's Revenue by Importation of foreign cut Whalebone, and for making some Provisions. to the Stamp Duties, and the Duties on Births, Burials, and Marriages, and the Salt Duties, and touching Million Lottery Tickets, and for enabling her Majesty to dispose the Effects of William Kidd, a notorious Pirate, to the Use of Greenwich Hospital, and for appropriating the public Moneys granted in this session of Parliament.

MA Y it please your most Excellent Majesty, Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth i3 w. 3;

Year of the Reign of your majesty's late Royal Brother King William the Third, of glorious C n. Memory, (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and continuing several additional Duties upon Coffee, Pea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and certain Impositions upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and the Duty of fifteen per Centum upon Mu sins, and for improving the Duties upon japanned and lacquered Goods, and for continuing the Coinage Duty for the several Perms and Purposes therein mentioned) certain Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, were granted for a Term to continue until the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six; and by another Act made in the third Year of your majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for continuing Duties tipon Low Wines, and upon Coffee, Pea, Chocolate, Spices, &. Annre,

and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and upon Mufins, and for granting news.

Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and also upon Calicoes, China Ware and Drugs) the said Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, are continued from the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, until the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, as by the said several Acts may appear: 'Now we your majesty's dutiful and loyal nut; esonlow Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, have given and granted, and do by this Act Wines, C con give and grant to your Majesty the several Duties herein after mentioned, over and above all Duties al tinued. ready granted upon Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction; do humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted: be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every such or the like Duties for or upon all Low

Wines

198

it & 13 W, 3.

C 11.

Former Duties continued to-25 March 1707.

C 12. Anno quarto anne Reginae. A.D. 1705.

Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, as by the said Act of the said twelfth Year of his said late majesty's Reign were continued or granted until the said twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, flrall by Virtue of this Act be continued from the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five, until the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Gallon of Low Wines, or, Spirits of the first Extraction, which at any Time or Times, during the Term of five Years, to commence from the said four and twentieth Day of alarch one thousand seven hundred and five, shall be made From 2 of or drawn from any foreign or imported Materials, or any Mixture with foreign Materials, there shall be march^iroe, atl^ payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, over and above all other Duties charged or

bow wines.'&c. chargeable thereupon, by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, the Sum of twopence, to be paid to pay 2d, per by the Distillers or Makers thereof.

Gallon.

'Farther continued for 96 Years by 5 Annae, C 19. and made perpetual by 1 Geo. 1. flat. fc. C iz. fest. 8. and part of the Aggregate Fund

Duties, chow to be raised.

3 & 4 Annae, C

Distillers concealing Spirits, C from the View of the Gager.

Gagers to keep an Account of wah, C

III. And it is hereby enacted, That all the respective Duties on Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, by this Act grained or continued, flrall, during the Continuance of the same respectively, be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, and paid, by such Rules and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Drawbacks and Allowances, and under such Power of Mitigation, as the Duties upon the like Commodities by the said Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, or any Law relating thereunto, are enacted or appointed to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, and paid respectively, and are and hall be appjopriated and applied to and for the same Uses and Purposes to which the Duties upon Low Wines by the said Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign are appropriated, and ought to be applied.

IV. And. whereas it is found by Experience, That any Quantity of Wall made of Drink brewed or made from malted Corn, or from unmalted Corn, will u\son Distillation produce one fourth Part of the same Quantity into Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, and that such Low Wines or Spirits £ upon the second Dillillation will produce three fifth Parts of the Quantity of the same Low Wines or Spirits into Proof Spirits, or Spirits of the second Extraction; and that any Quantity of Wash made of £ Cyder or Perry will produce one fifth Part of the same Quantity into Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction; and that the same Low Wines, or Spirits, upon the second Dillillation, will produce one £ half Part of the Quantity of the same Low Wines or Spirits into Proof Spirits, or Spirits of the second £: And whereas many Distillers do hide and conceal great Quantities of such Low Wines and £ Spirits from the Sight and View of the Gager; before he can come to take an Account of the same, by £ Means whereof her Majesty may be very much defrauded in her Duties on such Low Wines and Proof. £ Spirits, granted by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament for the Duties on Low Wines and Spin's; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Gagers and Officers of Excise, to keep an Account of all the said several Sorts of Wash, which shall, from Time to Time, be found by him or them in the Hands of any Distiller, and upon any Decrease of such Wash brewed or made from malted Corn, or Corn unmalted, to charge such Distiller with so much Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, as one fourth Part of the same Wash lb decreased shall amount unto, and also with so much Proof Spirits, or Spirits of the second Extraction, as three fifth Parts of the said Low Wines so charged as aforesaid, shall amount unto; and also upon any Decrease of Wall made from Cyder or Perry, to charge such Distiller, upon whom such Decrease should be found, with so much Low Wines or Spirits of the first Extraction, as one fifth Part of the same Wash so decreased shall amount unto; and likewise with so much Proof Spirits, or Spirits of the second Extraction, as one half Part of the same Low Wines or Spirits of the second Extraction shall amount unto; and such Distillers shall pay the Duties of the Low Wines and Spirits so charged, as by the Acts relating to the said Duties on Lpw Wines and Spirits, or any of them, are directed and appointed.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to take away or lesion any of the Powers or Authorities heretofore given to any of the Officers of Excise by any law or Laws now in force, touching or concerning the said Duties on Low Wines and Spirits.

1 VI. And whereas, by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty a farther Suhfidy cftunnage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of his Majestfs £ Houshold, and other uses therein mentioned, dining his Majestfs Life) it is enacted, That it any Person or £ Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, shall import or bring into this Kingdom,

£ Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, any cut Whalebone, (other than in Sins only)

£ he, she, or they shall forfeit the Goods, and double the Value of the cut Whalebone so imported; one Moiety thereof to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, and one other Moiety to him or them that £ shall seize or sue for the same, in any of his Majesty's Courts of Record; yet it is found by Practice and £ Experience, that the said Penalty is not sufficient to deter ill designing Persons from continuing fraudulently to import great Quantities of Foreign cut Whalebone in short lengths.and small Parcels, in Diminution of her Majesty's Revenue, and to the great Loss and Discouragement of the Mariufadlures employed in cutting of Sin Whalebone in this Kingdom Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Petrous having That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of Aiarch one thousand seven hundred and five, any cot Whalebone Per;

; than in Sins only) found in their Custody after the 24 Day of March 1705, t forfeit 30j,

On Decrease of Wall, C Distiller to pay the Duty, cat

not to lefien the Power of Officers of the Excise.

4 & 10 W. 3.

*99

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto Annje Regince. C 12.

Person or Persons whatsoever, trading or dealing in Whalebone, having in his, her, or their Custody, any such Foreign cut Whalebone, (other than in Sins regularly importedjshall forfeit the Sum of thirty Pounds, and also be subject to the like Penalties and forfeitures as the Importers thereof, by the aforesaid recited Act are liable unto; and also that the Mailers of such Ships and vessels, knowingly bringing or Penalty on Ma. importing any foreign cut whale fins or Whalebone, as aforesaid, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; ft«s of shipim one Moiety of the aforesaid Penalties to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety portjb* uc to such Person or Persons as shall seize and sue for the same, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and if any Dispute, Question, or Doubt shall arise, whether any cut Whalebone found, seized, or received, as aforesaid, were cut in Parts beyond the Seas, the Proof shall be incumbent only upon the Proof where cut Importer, Claimer, Owner, Proprietor, or such Person or Persons, in whose Hands or Custody such cut toiiconimpor whalebone shall be found respectively, and not upon the Seizer, Informer, or Prosecutor; anything to tcr> &c' the contrary notwithstanding.

VII. And whereas several Persons have, (since the double Duties upon stampi Vellum, Paper, and Parchment commenced) been admitted to their freedoms in diverse Corporations, and such their Admis ft, act; onlscof', "i, e ' fions have meeriy by Mistake or Misconstruction been entered upon Paper or Parchment stamped for a less lsw on Duty than ought to have been paid for the same: And whereas in other Cases several Persons Freedoms Paper, clave have been admitted, and their Admission entered upon Paper or Parchment without any Stamp at all, or entered Admis - anything paid or received for the same: And whereas diverse other Persons, Clerks, Stewards, or Bai ^nss°&free"

lilts, keeping or holding inferior Courts of Record, County Courts, Courts Baron, and Courts Leet, t

have through the like Mistake or Misconstruction of the Laws as aforesaid, omitted the issuing, entering, duly stamped,

inrolling, or filing of diverse Actions, Plaints, Bails, Appearances, and other Process and Proceedings upon double stamped Vellum, Paper, or Parchment; 'Wherefore for quieting the Minds of so many of her Majesty's good Subjects; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Free discharged from men so admitted, and all and every the said Clerks, Stewards, and Bailiffs, and all other Person and Per the Penalties, fons so concerned and forfeiting, as aforesaid, shall be, and they hereby are freed and discharged of and before riie from all and every the Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures not already recovered, and by them respectively Sg ofsept°i7c6? incurred, for or in Respect of the Premises before the first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five; provided that such Person or Persons forfeiting, as aforesaid, pay or cause to be paid, the several Duties directed to be paid, by the several Acts for granting Duties upon stamped Vellum, Paper, and Parchment, to the receiver-general of the Stamped Duties, before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six; and in Default thereof, such Persons respectively shall lose the Benefit of the Indemnity granted by this Act.

VIII. Provided also, That the Admissions of all such Freemen, as were admitted into any Corpora, Freemens ad tion or Company, before the said first Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, and all the millions, C said other Proceedings before that Time had, shall be good and valid in Law, notwithstanding any Northeast bd in law gleft or Omission before that Time, with Relation to the said Stamped Duties; and that all Penalties and 1'orfeitures for any Offence committed, as aforesaid, which shall not be discharged by paying such Duties Duties notdif before the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six, shall and may be charged, Penalised for, prosecuted and recovered, so as the Prosecution be commenced at any Time within one Year tjestobefaedfof. after the said nine and twentieth Day of September.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That the Duties made payable by the said Acts, How Duties on relating to stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for or in Respect of Appearances, and other the Mat Appearances ters in the said Acts, or any of them contained, relating thereto, shall be construed to extend to Appear ^extern)0"strue "ances in such Actions wherein no Bail is filed, or put in, and not otherwise; thing in the said Acts toextett contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas by several Acts of Parliament, relating to the Duties on Marriages, Births, and Bu Duties on Mar

all Parsons, Vicars, Curates, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, are required to take an exact and riases, Births, C

Account, and keep a Register in Writing of all and every Person or Persons, married, buried, 6*7gvw3'c'6*

christened, or born, in his or their respective Parishes or Precincts; likewise in the same Registers, 7, ' 3'

together with the Name of every Person so married, buried, christened, or born, to set down and ex9& to W. 3.

press in Writing the respective Degree. Condition, and (Quality, according to which the Duty to the C 3.5.

Crown ought to be paid: And in Case of Burials, the Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Fathers, Mo ' thers, Guardians, churchwardens, or others, who by the said Acts otight to pay for the same, and 11 where they dwell respectively: And in Case of Births, the Names of the Fathers, Mothers, or those that

take on them the Guardianship, or Care of such Children so born, and where they live respectively: 1

in case of Marriages, the place of Abode of the several Husbands, under the Penalty of one hundred Pounds for some of the said Omissions, and other great Penalties for the rest: And whereas several Par ' fons. Vicars, and Curates, and other Ecclesiastical Persons, not being sufficiently apprized of the full Import of the said Acts of Parliament, have not exactly observed the Directions therein, as aforesaid,

given, and thereby incurred the Penalties in the said Acts respectively mentioned, and they and their families remain therefore exposed to Ruin, although the said Duties have been duly answered to her Majest; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons in Holy parlous*c. who Orders, Parson, Vicar, and Curate, and his and their Substiture, having neglected to keep a Register in he Writing, as aforesaid, of all and every, or any Person or Persons so married, buried, christened, or fter of rvch^mar born, as aforesaid, or to set down and express, together with the Name of such Person so married, C

buried, christened, or born, the respective Degree, Condition, or Quality, according to which the said case the Dutiei late king's, or her present Majesty's Duties ought to be paid, or the Name or Place of Abode of any are pa'd)to be

Person indemnfed.

200 C I 2.

Anno quarto Anna, Reginae.

A.D. 1705.

Drawbacks See. allowed where Salt is lost, or taken by the Enemy.

within 6moriths.

a & 3 Anna?; C 14.

Person or Persons, who ought to pay the same, in Case the said Duty for such Marriage, Pirth, or Burial, be really answered and paid, or notified and brought in Charge to the Collector of the said Duties, shall be indemnified against, and discharged from all the Penalties and Forfeitures in the said Acts or any of them contained, for or upon Account of such neglects only, mauds on Salt, '

XI. And whereas by an act made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act, 1 Anns, ' jor preventing Frauds in the Duties upon Salt, and for the better Payment of Debentures at the Customhouse,

1. c. 21. t; s that no Debenture shall be made or granted, or Drawback allowed to be paid for or upon the Account of the Exportation of any Salt or Rock Salt for Ireland, unless the Exporter of the said Salt or Rock Salt shall produce to the Officer appointed to make such Debenture, a Certificate under the Hand of the Collector of the Customs of the Port in Ireland, where such Salt or Rock Salt shall £ landed, or the Person executing his Office, of the particular Quantity of Salt or Rock Salt actually

£ landed: And whereas 'tis equally reasonable. That for Salt and Rock Salt slipped in order for Exporta

1 tion for Ireland, though the same perish by sinking of the Ship, or be taken by the Enemies, there £ should be made and allowed a Drawback as in the Case where Salt and Rock Salt is exported and landed Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Salt or Rock Salt hath been or shall be shipped in order for Exportation to Ireland, and the same hath perished or shall perish by sinking of the Ship or vessel on which the same was or shall be shipped, and laid on board, or is or shall he taken by the Enemies, then and in such Case the Exporter or Proprietor of such Salt or Rock Salt so perishing or lost, shall upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace, at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, City, Riding, Division or Place from whence the same was so exported, of the loss of such Salt so shipped, or to be shipped, receive from, the said Sessions a Certificate, that such Proof was made before them, and upon producing the said Certificate to the Officer of the Place where the Duty on such Salt shall have been paid or secured to be paid, such Security shall be discharged, and so much Money as was actually paid for the Duty of the said Salt, shall be repaid upon, Demand by the said Officer, without Fee or Reward. Provided such Proof to be made, as aforesaid, as to all Salt lost or taken, before the twentieth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and five, shall be made by two credible Witnesses upon Oath, before the twentieth Day of July one thousand hundred and six; and as to all Salt which shall be lost after the said twentieth Day of February one Proof to be made thousfind seven hundred and five, the like Proof shall be made within six Months after such Loss or Taking, as aforesaid

And whereas in and by one act of Parliament made in the second and third Year of the Reign £ of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better securing and regulating the Duties upon Salt, it is £ amongst other Things provided, That nothing therein contained should extend to prohibit the importing and landing any Codfish, Ling, or Hake, which had been caught and cured at Newfoundland, or £ Ifeland, upon making such Oath before the landing, of the catching and curing the same, and upon _ £ Tender thereof upon landing, and before the same he removed from the Shore, and under such Penalties for not tendring the same, to have Part of the Tail cut oft', as in and by the said ase is directed and appointed: And whereas North Sea Codfish, Ling, and Hake, are omitted in the said act; 'Be it fur north Sea Cod there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing therein contained shall extend to prohibit the im may be porting and landing any Codfish, Ling, or Hake, which have been or shall be caught and cured at or in imported. the North Sea, upon making the like Oath, and being subject to and under the same restridhons and Penalties, as by the above recited Act is directed and appointed for Codfish, Ling, and Hake, caught and cured at Newfoundland or Ifeland, and that no Allowance be granted, had or obtained upon Exportation thereof; anything therein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. rw. MC. 7. £

XIII. And whereas in and by one Add made in the fifth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties

King William and Queen Mary, of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences £ and Advantages in the said Ail mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds towards carrying on the ivar a rah if I' ranee, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Sum of one hundred and forty thousand Pounds should be a yearly Fund for answering the Annuities therein mentioned: And whereas certain Tickets were ifl ued out to the Proprietors of the said Annuities, Tickets for An £ many of which said Tickets are since burnt, lost, or otherwise destroyed, whereby the said Proprietors nuitieslo(t, care <; n Danger of losing their Money contained in such Tickets Be it enacted by the Authority afore on Affidavit and said, That in all Cases where it shall happen, by Affidavit to be made on or before the first Day o{may Officer to'ac' one thousand seven hundred and six, before any of the Barons of the Exchequer, that any Ticket or the same!^Tickets for any Payment or Payments on the said Annuities, is or are burnt, destroyed, or otherwise lost, it shall and may be lawful for the Officer or Officers appointed to pay and discharge the said Annuities, on producing a Certificate from the said Baron of such Affidavit made before him, which Affidavit the Barons, or any one of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to grant without Fee or Reward, and on Security given to the said Officer, to his good liking, to indemnify him against all Persons whatsoever for or concerning the Moneys contained or specified in such Ticket or Tickets, or which was, is, or shall he due thereon, he the said Officer is hereby required to pay and discharge the said Annuities by the said Tickets incurred and grown due, or which shall hereafter incur or grow due, as aforesaid, as if the said Tickets had been produced, and shall be Suck ayments a]]owccj such Payments in his Accounts; anything in this or any other Act contained to the contrary Ms Ac", thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto Ann, Reginae. C 12. ici

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for her Ma The Queen m j fty, if she pleaseth, to dispose as a Charity, to and for the Use and Benefit of the Royal Hospital dispofaufoprii. for Seamen at Greenwich, the Sum of six thousand four hundred and seventy two Pounds one Shilling, 1 s. atachay, which was paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, on or about the one and thirtieth Day of 'january "*

one thousand seven hundred and four, for publick Uses, by Richard Crawley Esquire Receiver, of the i'

Goods of Pirates, and other Perquisites of the Admiralty, being Money or the Proceed of Goods and Merchandizes which were taken with William. Kidd a notorious Pirate, who was taken and executed several Years since.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall be lent to Konto, her Majesty on two Adds of this Session of Parliament; the one, (entitled. An Act for granting an Aid to her appropriated. Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one. thousand seven hundred and six) and the other, (entitled, Anns, C 1.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand Anc. 5. seven hundred and Jtx) and so much of the several Taxes and Duties thereby granted, as Hi all remain,

(after all the Loans made or to be made upon the said respective Acts, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the Taxes and Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Motley sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same) and all the Moneys to be contributed or advanced upon another Add of this Session of Parliament, (entitled. An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Dunnage Anns, C 6. and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm. Cynders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and tfablishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty's for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six) except as therein is exceptecl and reserved, shall be appropriated, issued, and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed (that is to say) for or towards the defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages, Wear, Tear, and Charges of the other Services of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for the Sea Navy, C Service in the Office of the Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the making of a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth; and for paying for Stores and Carriages for eight Ships new built, in lieu of those lost in the Great Storm; and for or towards the Land Services performed, and to Land Sore, Sic. be performed, by the Office of the Ordnance; and to and for Subsistence, off reckonings and Clearings for one Year, front the three and twentieth Day of December, one thousand seven hundred and five, to her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in England, and the Dominions thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) and the contingent Charges of the same; and for Payment of Invalids for the said Year, beginning from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five; and for or to wards the defraying the Charges of her Majesty's Army, and such Forces as are or shall be added thereunto in the Low Countries or Germany, within or for one Year, to be reckoned from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and five, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and for and towards the defraying her Majesty's Part of the Charge of the Forces acting or to act in Conjunction with the Forces of the King of Portugal, until or at any Time before the five and Forces in portu twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and six; and for or towards the Pay of the five g=l. thousand Land Forces now in Catalonia, which are resolved to be continued for the Year one thousand catalo na. seven hundred and six; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the further Charges necessary to prosecute the Successes already gained by King Charles the Third, for Recovery of the Monarchy of Spain to the House of Aufria; and for or towards the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Sub Treaties; fidies due upon Treaties made or to be made with her Majesty's Allies, and other Charges for the Service of the War for any Time before, or until the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and six; and for or towards the making good the Payment of her Majesty's Share of the;

Subsidies, payable to the King of Prussia, which was not provided for in the Raft Session of Parliament; Prussu. and for or towards the making good the Payment of the bounty money bestowed by her Majesty on the Bounty Monty. Land Forces that served in the Campaign in Germany, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and four, pursuant to the Address of the House of Commons; and for making good an additional Charge to Troops of ha the Troops of Hanover and Zell, which was not provided for in the said last Session; and for making nj, er md Ze good the Charge of General Officers, and Contingencies in the Expedition to Spain, which was not proc' vided for in the said last Session; and to answer the levy money to make good the Horses of the English J £sidl!*d°&c, Horse and Dragoons, that were killed and died of the common Distemper in the last Campaign in the Low 01 es' w

1 Countries., between the first of May and the one and thirtieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred'

and five; and to make good the Horses that were lost by the Officers of the English Troops, during the lait Campaign in that Lovj Countries, and for or towards the Transportation of Land Forces, performed Transports, ire. and to be performed; and for or towards discharging of the Premiums and other Charges for circulating the Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills; and for Payment of Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the unsatisfied Debentures charged on the Irish Forfeitures, and to no other Uses, Intents, and Purposes whatsoever.

XVI. Provided always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons, as 87125l. XI aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thou for the Marines, sand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, towards the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers raised, and to be raised, for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging, and out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the Navy and Sea Services, as aforesaid, there shall be taken and applied such Sums, as together with the said Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, shall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining Vol. IV'D d the

i Ja. X C 26.

31 & 1 z W. 3. C 12,

i&lp.&m, C 26.

Clause repealed. Rule forreftrain ing Watermen from taking of Apprentices repealed,

2 Geo. 2. c. 26, 10 Geo. 2. c. 32.

Lord Mayor and Aldermen of London to review and amend the Bylaws of the Watermens Gompanyj C

2 Haw. P. C cb. 6. §.3,

Act not to Jeflen the Right of holding the Curia Cursus Aquae at Gravesend.

Nor the Privileges of the Mayor and Jurats, fcc.ofgravcfedd,

C 13. Anno quarto Ann; e Reginae. A.D. 1705.

the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better' ordering and governing the Watermen and Lightermen upon the

River of Thames.

WHEREAS y an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the First, intituled, An Act concerning wherrymen and Watermen, it is (amongst other Things) en acted, That no Wherryman or Waterman shall take any Apprentice, unless he hall be then of the Age of eighteen Years at the least, except the Son of a Waterman, who by the said Act may be taken Apprentice at the Age of sixteen Years: And whereas by one other Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, Ah 4 Act for the Explanation and better Execution of former Acts made touching Watermen and wherrymen, rowing on the River of Thames, and for the better ordering and governing the said jvatermen, wherrymen and Ligh termerr, upon the said River between Gravesend and Windsor, the said Watermen, Wherrymen and Ligh terrnen are empowered to make reasonable and lawful Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for their Government, in such Manner as in the same Act is mentioned: And whereas several of the Rules, Orders, and Constitutions which have been made under Colour of the said last mentioned Act, especially the Fourth, which directs, that nowaterman shall have any more than one Apprentice at one Time, nor shall be capable of taking an Apprentice, until such Master hath been a Freeman seven Years, nor shall take 4 a second Apprentice until his first be dead, or the Term expired; and that not any Lighterman shall take any Apprentice, until he is a real Owner of two Lighters, nor shall have more than one Appren tice at one Time, under the Penalties therein mentioned; have by Experience been found to be preju dicial and destructive to the breeding of Seafaring Men, and a great Burden upon the Navigation and Trade of the said River of Thames, and of this Kingdom in general, and the same not being alterable otherwise than by the Authority of Parliament, or by the Consent of the said Company of Watermen and Lightermen, who have a long Time refused to give their Consent thereto; For Remedy whereof, and for the better Increase of Seamen for her Majesty's Service, and the Trade, the which is of so great Importance to this Kingdom Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, and with the Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Clause or Clauses in the said first recited Act of Parliament, that restrain the taking of Apprentices, till they shall arrive so the several Ages of eighteen and sixteen Years, as aforesaid, and also the said recited Rule, Order, and Constitution, and all and every other Rule, Order, and Constitution made for restraining of any Waterman, Wherryman or Lighterman, that now are or hereafter shall be free of the said Company, from taking and breeding of Apprentices, shall be, and is hereby repealed, and declared to be void and of none Effect.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London for the Time being, and they are hereby authorised and empowered, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, to review, or re examine, alter, or amend all such Rules and Bylaws which relate to the Apprentices of Watermen and Lightermen, and all other Orders and Constitutions, which have been heretofore, or which shall hereafter be made for the Government of the said Company of Watermen and Lightermen; which said Alterations and Amendments shall be subject nevertheless to the Approbation of the Chief Justice of her Majesty's Court of shteen's Bench for the Time Being; and all such Rules, Orders, and Constitutions as shall be hereafter reveiwed, re examined, altered, or amended by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, shall, from Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, be approved of, as aforesaid, and well and duly observed and put in Execution; the said recited Acts, or Rules, or any other Act, Clause, Rule, Order, or Constitution to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to the leftening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or otherwise howsoever impeaching of any Right belonging to or lawfully claimed by the late Charies Duke of Richmond and Lenox, Lord of the Manor of Gravesend, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, for the holding a certain Court within the said Manor, called Curia Cursus Aqua, or the Court of the Watercourse, for the better Government of Barges, Boats, and Vessels, using the Ferry or Passage from the Town of Gravesend to London, and of the Persons owning or working the same, or of any other Rights, Liberties, Powers, and Privileges whatsoever, belonging to the said late Duke, his Heirs, Executors Administrators, and Assigns, relating to the said Ferry or Passage, or to the Barges, tilt boats, or other Boats and Vessels using the said Ferry or Passage, or plying at the Bridge of the said Town of Gravesend, or the Persons owning or working the same, or otherwise howsoever.

IV. Provided always, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend to the leftening, taking away, abridging, hindering, prejudicing, or impeaching of any Grants, Liberties, Franchises, Customs, Privileges, orufages, now or heretofore lawfully used, held, or enjoyed by the Mayor, Jurats, and capital Inhabitants of the Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton in the County of Kent, touching, concerning, or relating to the Passage and Ferry upon the said River of

Thames,

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto anne Reginae. C 14. 203

Thames, from the said Villages and Parishes of Gravesend and Milton, to the said City of London, or touching or concerning the Government or Gubernation of the said Passage and Ferry; but that the said Mayor, Jurats, and Inhabitants, and their Successors, shall and may do and execute all and every such lawful Act and Acts, Powers and Authorities, touching the said Passage and Ferry, and the Government thereof, as they might or could have done, if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 2 Geo. 2. c. 26. Farther pnvi.

Jions relating

hereto, $.gco* 2. C 24. and iqgco* 2. C 3r*'

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the better collecting Charity Money on Briefs by Letters Patents, and preventing

Abuses in Relation to such Charities.

WHEREAS any Inconveniences do arise, and Frauds are committed in the common Method From i; March ' \\ of collecting Charity Money upon Briefs by Letters Patents, to the great Trouble and Prejudice 1706. all Copies

C of the Objects of such Charity, and to the great Discouragement of well disposed Persons For Remedy Briefs for col whereof, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au panted by the thority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the queen sprinters, Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, upon the issuing forth of Letters Patents for collecting of Charity Money, commonly called Briefs, Copies thereof, to the Number required by the Petitioners for such Briefs, or their Agents, and no more, shall be printed by the Printer of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors only, at the usual Rates for printing, and by such Printer the whole Number of such Copies shall be delivered to such Person or Persons only, as shall, by and with the Consent of the Petitioners for such Brief, or the major Part of them, undertake the laying or disposing such printed Copies, in order to the Collection of the Moneys to be received thereon, or to some or one of them, who, or one or more of them, shall give a Receipt for the same, expressing the Number thereof in such Receipt, which Receipt, or an attested Copy thereof, such Printer shall forthwith deliver to the Register of the Court of Chancery to be filed in the register's Office, and thereupon the Person or Persons so undertaking such Collection, or some or one of them, shall cause all the said printed Copies to be endorsed or marked in some convenient Part of such printed Copy, with the Name of one or more of the Trustees or Commissioners named in such Letters Patents, written with his or their own Hand, and the Time of signing the same, and also cause the said printed Copies to be stamped in the Manner hereafter more particularly mentioned: And the said whole Number being so signed, shall be, with all convenient Speed, by the said Undertaker or Undertakers, sent and delivered to the respective churchwardens, and chapel wardens of the respective Churches and Chapels, and to the respective Teachers and Preachers of every separate Congregation, "and to any Person who hath taught or preached in any Meeting of the People called Quakers, in the Counties and Places to be comprised in such Letters Patents, to be read and published, and the Charity thereon to be collected in the several Churches, Chapels, or Places of Meeting to which they belong, who shall so receive the same; and that the said churchwardens, chapel wardens, Preachers, Teachers, and Quakers having taught, as aforesaid, immediately after such Receipt, shall endorse the Time of his or their receiving the same, and set his or their Names thereto; and the said churchwardens and chapel wardens shall forthwith deliver over the said printed Briefs by them received, to the several Ministers and Curates of the said Churches or Chapels, who shall receive the same; and the said respective Ministers and Curates shall on Receipt thereof endorse the Time they respectively Ministers, C received the same, and set their respective Names thereto; and the said respective Ministers and Curates, on Sunda> Teachers, Preachers, and Persons called Quakers, qualified as aforesaid, shall on some Sunday, within two afrerrm/ntof* Months after Receipt of such Copies, immediately before the Sermon, Preaching or Teaching shall be copy.'&c.'/hall gin, openly read or cause co be read such printed Briefs in their respective Churches, Chapels, and Places before Sermon, of Meeting, to the Congregation there assembled, and the respective churchwardens, chapel wardens, openly read the and the Teachers of every such separate Congregation, and such Persons called Quakers, to whom the same briefs shall have been so delivered, as aforesaid, shall collect the Sums of Money that shall be freely churchwardens, given, either in the said respective act emblies, or by going from House to House of the Members c to colie ft the of their respective Congregations, as the Briefs shall require in that Behalf; and on every such Collection money made, the Sum that shall be collected, with the Place where, and Time when the same was collected: 'J to shall be endorsed, fairly written in Words at length on such respective printed Briefs, and signed by the printed" Minister or Curate, and the Churchwardens in Churches and Chapels, and by the Teacher and two El brief, and signed ders, or two other substantial Persons of every separate Congregation; and that thereupon the said re by Minister, C spective churchwardens and chapel wardens, and the respective Teachers or Preachers, or other Per and delivered to soils required to make the Collection, as aforesaid, on Request of such Person or Persons as shall under the undertakers take to place and disperse the Briefs, as aforesaid, or of any Person by them, or any of them law of the Bnef' C fully authorised, shall deliver to such Person or Persons, making such Request, the respective printed Briefs so endorsed, as aforesaid, and the Moneys thereon collected, taking a Receipt for the same, from the Person so receiving such Moneys, in some Book to be kept for that Purpose; Pain that every the said, Ministers, Curates, Teachers, Preachers, churchwardens, chapel wardens, and Quakers penalty on mi qualified and required, as aforesaid, who shall refuse or neglect to do any of the Matters or Things be nifter,=. northeast fore respectively required of them, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as sleft, nd

d 2'herein

Undertakers within six Months after Delivery, to demand the same from the Churchwardens, C

artd the Moneys received thereon,

and enter in a B ok the Number of printed Briefs received, Reprinted

Copies (when received back) to be de po/ited with the Register of the Court ot Chancery.

Penalty on Undertaker not returning the whole Number, fire.

In each Pa rift, rca Register to be kept of all Moneys collected.

Form of intlorfe ment to be printed on the back of every printed Brief, with proper Blanks, Re, and stamped, C

Penalty on counterfeiting Stamp,

Undertakers to account for all Moneys received within two Months after Receipt,

and be allowed for their Pains,

Undertakers, C found guilty of Frauds, to be fined.

C 14. Anno quarto Annje Reginae. A. d.1705,

herein after is directed; and the said Person or Persons who shall so undertake to Place, and disperse the said Briefs as aforesaid, sit all within six Months next after the respective placing or delivering such Copies in the Tespective Parishes, as aforesaid, by themselves, or some or one of them, or by some Person or Persons by them or the major Part of them to be appointed, as aforesaid, demand from the respective Churchwardens and chapel wardens of Churches and Chapels, and from the Preacher and Teacher of separatd Congregations, or from such Teaching Quaker to whom the said printed Brief shall have been respectively, delivered, as aforesaid, the printed Briefs so left with him or them respectively, and the Moneys respectively by them received thereon; and on Delivery and payment made shall give to them respectively, as aforesaid, a Receipt for the same, on pain to forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered and disposed of as herein after is directed,

'ID And to the Intent a speedy, regular, and satisfactory Account may be rendered of the Sums of Money collected by virtue of such Briefs, be it enacted by "the Authority aforesaid, That the Person or Persons so undertaking to place or disperse the said printed Briefs, or the greater Part of them, hall make, or cause to be made, a fair Entry in a Book for that Purpose by them to be kept (to which all Persons concerned may at all Times resort) of the Number of the printed Briefs they so received, and also when signed and sent away, and to what Parishes and Places, and the time of their receiving the same, back, and the Moneys thereon collected; and the said printed Copies so received back, shall be deposited and left with the Regiiler of the Court of Chancery, with whom the Receipt given to the Printer for the same as aforesaid, was registered, to the end it may appear that the whole Number received of the said Printer is duly returned, and that the same may be from time to time made use of, as well by the Sufferers and their Agents, as by the said Undertakers and their Agents or Solicitors, in passing the Accounts in the Method herein after prescribed; and if the whole Number of printed Copies of such Briefs so received of the Printer, shall not be duly returned as hereby required, the Undertaker or Undertakers shall, for every printed Copy, which shall be found wanting and not returned as aforesaid, by Default of them or their Agents, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be recovered and applied as herein after mentioned; unlel's he or they shall make a fufneient Proof, to the Satisfaction of the Court of Chancery, of the said Briefs so wanting being loflr or destroyed by inevitable Accident, and of what Money was really and truly collected thereon, and fully account for, and pay the same; and that in each parish or chapelry, and separate Congregation, a Register shall be kept by the Minister or Teacher there, or by some Teaching Quaker, of all Moneys collected by virtue of such Briefs, therein also inserting the Occasion. of the Brief, and the Time when the same was collected, to which all Persons at all Times may resort without Fee.

CIII. And for the better indorsing what Money is collected on the back of the printed Briefs, and for, ' the more regular Examination thereof, and for the preventing the Counterfeiting printed Copies of the Briefs, by which great Frauds have been put in Practice Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on the back of every printed Copy of such Brief, there shall be printed the Form of Endorsement, with the necessary Blanks for Time, Place and Sum of Money, to be filled up by the respective Persons aforesaid; and each printed Copy of such Brief shall before it be carried to the respective Parishes wherein the Colledrion is to be made, be stamped or marked with a proper Stamp to be made for that Purpose, and kept by the Register of the Court of Chancery, who is to see that no greater Number of printed Copies be stamped cr marked therewith, than is in the Receipts given to the Printer, and left with the re lister as aforesaid, specified and declared; and if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit such Stamp, such Person being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be publicly fist on the Pillory for the Space, of one whole Hour.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Undertaker or Undertakers, shall within two Months after the Moneys respectively received, and after due Notice thereof to the Sufferers (who are to be admitted to controvert the same) account before one of the Masters of the Court of Chancery, to be for that Purpose appointed by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or of for the Custody of the Great Seal of England for the time being, for all the Moneys by them received oiv account of such Letters Patents and Briefs, and hall produce before him an exact Account of the respective printed Briefs by them delivered out, and received back, and left with the Register as aforesaid, and thereupon the said Master hall proceed to make his Report of what hall be found due on such Account and the said Report being confirmed by the said Court of Chancery as usual, shall be a Charge on the said Undertaker or Undertakers, and shall be carried into Execution again! him or them, as if decreed in a Suit there depending; rn taking which Account such Master hall make all just Allowances to such un dcitnkers, for their Trouble and Pains of Management, over and besides the Charges to be expended for the said Letters Patents and Copies thereof; and such Master shall also have Power by the common Methods of the Court of Chancery, to examine into all Frauds and ill Practises that shall be committed by the said Undertakers or their Agents, or any others concerned for or under them in such Collection, and report the same to the Court; which Report being confirmed by the said Court, it shall be in the Power of the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Commissioners aforesaid, for the time being, to intpose such Fine and Costs on every such Offender, as the Nature of the Case shall require; which said Fine, and all other Forfeitures incurred by the said Undertakers or their Agents, shall be only for the Benefit of the Sttffereis, for whose Benefit such Briefs hall he granted, and shall and may be recovered by the Order of the said Court of Chancery, founded on such Report so confirmed as aforesaid, and carried into Execution, as the Decrees of that Court usually are.

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto annye Reginae. 0.15, 16. 205

V. Provided always, That where any Penalties are by this Act inflicted on any Person or Persons, prov'.so concern other than the Undertakers, their Agents, Deputies, Substitutes, or Servants, such Penalties shall be in Values, recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information.

VI. And whereas there hath been an evil Practice in farming and purchasing for a Sum of Money,

the charity money that should or might be collected on such Briefs, to the very great Hindrance and Discouragement of almsgiving on such Occasion; '. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby declared, That all fanning and purchasing of such charity money is unlawful, and that No Persons to from and after the aforesaid five and twentieth Day of March, if any Person or Persons shall purchase or fcym or parchafe agree for any charity money to be collected on any Briefs or Letters Patents, or by any Instrument of Covenant or Agreement, by way of Farming, shall or may pretend to appropriate such charity money, or any Part thereof to his or their Use, contrary to the intent and Meaning of such Letters Patents, by which such charity money shall be collected, and contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, such Purchase and Instrument of Covenant and Agreement, shall be void, and each Person agreeing to pur on Penalty, chase the Benefit of such Brief, shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be applied for the Benefit of the Sufferers in such Letters Patents mentioned, and to be recovered as before last mentioned.

CAP. XV.

An Act for making the River Stoiver Navigable, from the Town of Maningtree in the County of ejpx, to PR. the Town of Snclbury in the County o^suffolk. River Stoiver to be made Navigable from Maningtree in essex, to Sudbury in Suffolk. Powers granted to the Undertakers. Commissioners appointed for determining Differences. Any nine of them empowered to act. Persons declining Commissioners Mediation, Sheriff of the County to impanel a Jury; who, on Oath, are to inquire and assess Damages, Gc.

Such Assessment to be binding. On Payment of Sum assessed, Gr. Undertakers, Gr. may aft in pur fuunce of such final Order. No Commissioner to act in any Case where concerned. In case of Death of Commissioners, or Refusal to act, the Number shall be supplied. Undertakers to receive for Goods, Merchandizes, C viz. For every Chalder of Coals, S s. every Tonne Weight of other Goods, GY. yr.

[Public Act.]

On Nonpayment, Undertakers may sue or detain Goods. Watermen, Gr. may use Winches. Owners of Barges, Boats, GY. responsible for Damages done by Barges, GY. Commissioners to have the foie Power of surveying the River, GV. and not to be under the Survey of any Commission of Sewers. Persons sued on this Act may plead the General Issue. Defendants to have full Costs. Act to be deemed a Rights of Fishing reserved. Owners of Lands may use Pleasure Boats, Gm Lawful to enter into any Boat, Vessel, GY. and seize Nets, GY. for taking Fish. Undertakers by the twenty-fourth of June 1708, to begin their Works, and finish the same by the twenty-fourth of June 1713.

If Works be not finished by the Time limited, Commissioners may appoint others to perfect the same,

GY. And so toties quoties. mill stones, Timber, Lime, GY. for the Use of the Mills, exempt from Toll. The Sea Walls and Banks, GY. belonging to Lawford Hall in essex, shall be repaired and maintained. Dr. Dent to pay 5l. per Ann. to the Undertakers, on Penalty of Distress. No Duty to be paid for Dung, Muck, GY. used for manuring of Owners Lands, Gr. Wharfage Duty for Coals, Gr. payable at Sudbury. AH Boats, Barges, Gc. to be registered and marked. No Boat to be marked with another's Mark.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the Amendment of the Law, and the better Advancement of Justice.

FO Pv the Amendment of the Law in several particulars, and for the easier, speedier, and better Ad py9 Ann'of justice. Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice C 20. fefl. 7. and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, This Statute is and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of Trinity Term, which shall be "'cndedf "

in the Year of otjr Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, where any Demurrer shall be joined, and damub°»nd in entered in any Action or Suit in any Court of Record within this Realm, the Judges shall proceed and formations in give Judgement, according as the very Right of the Cause and Matter in Law shall appear unto them, nature of Quo without regarding any Imperfection, Omission, or Defect in any Writ, Return, Plaint, Declaration, or War, nt;. other Pleading, Process, or Course of Proceeding whatsoever, except those only which the Party demur ring shall specially and particularly set down and express, together with his Demurrer, as Causes of the jus ftau give same, notwithstanding that such Imperfection, Omission, or Defect might have heretofore been taken to judgmenton.de be Matter of Substance, and not aided by the Statute made in the twenty seventh Year of Queen Eliza murrer, C BETH, intituled, An Act for the Furtherance of Justice in case of Demurrer and Pleadings, so as sufficient Regard

Matter appear in the said Pleadings, upon which the Court may give Judgement according to the very m

Right of the Cause; and therefore from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term, no Advantage or Exception". Exception shall be taken of or for an immaterial Travers; or of or for the Default of entering Pledges 27 Eliz. cap. 5. Upon any Bill or Declaration; or of or for the Default of alleging the bringing into Court any Bond,

Bill, Indenture, or other Deed whatsoever mentioned in the Declaration or other Pleading; or of or for the Difault of alleging of the bringing into Court Letters Testamentary, or Letters of Administration; or of or for the Omission of VI G Annis G contra pacem, or either of them; or of or for the want of Averment of Hocparatus ell verificare, or, Hoc parntus ejl vcrificare per Recordum; or of or for not alleging prout patet per Recordum, but the Court shall give judgement according to the very Right of the Cause as aforesaid, without regarding any such Imperfections, Omissions and Defects, or any other Matter of like Nature, except that same shall be specially and particularly set down and shown for Cause of Demurrer.

206 C i6.'Anno quarto Ann Regina;. A.D. 1705.

All Statutes of

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of jeojails Tririty Term, all the Statutes of Jeofails shall be extended to Judgments which shall at any Time after

m"nts upon ni wards be entered upon Confession, Nihil dicit, or Non sum informants, in any Court of Record; and no hil dicitj such Judgement shall be reversed, nor any Judgement upon any Writ of Inquiry of Damages executed No such judge thereon be laid or reversed, for or by reason of any Imperfection, Omission, Defect, Matter or Thing ment to be re whatsoever, which would have been aided and cured by any of the said Statutes of Jeofails in case a versed. Verdict of twelve Men had been given in the said Action or Suit, so as there be an original Writ or Bill,

and Warrants of Attorney duly filed according to the Law as is now used. when Warrants xil. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Attorney for the Plain L fikdtn'^ 3 tiffs or Demandant in any Action or Suit, shall file his Warrant of Attorney with the proper Officer of the Court where the Cause is depending the same Term he declares; and the Attorney for the Defendant or Tenant shall file his Warrant of Attorney as aforesaid, the same Term he appears, under the Penalties inflicted upon Attorneys by any former Law for Default of filing their Warrants of Attorney. Defendant, C jy_ And j, e it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of vcraalattefs. Trinity Term it shall and may be lawful for any Defendant or Tenant in any Action or Suit, or for any Plaintiff in Replevin, in any Court of Record, with the Leave of the same Court, to plead as many several Matters thereto, as he shall think necessary for his Defence.

1 ro u 0 touching y prov; jed nevertheless, That if any such Matter shall upon a Demurrer joined, be judged infuffi cient, Costs shall be given at the Discretion of the Court; or if a verdict shall be found upon any Issue in the said Cause for the Plaintiff or Demandant, Cods shall be also given in like Manner, unless the Judge, who tried the said Issue, shall certify, that the said Defendant, or Tenant, or Plaintiff in Replevin, had a probable Cause to plead such Matter which upon the said Issue shall be found against him.

VI. And whereas great Delays do frequently happen in Trials, by reason of Challenges to the Arrays of Panels of Jurors, and to the Polls, for Default of hundredorsfor Prevention thereof for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term, every Venire facias for the Trial of any Issue, in any Action or Suit in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, shall be awarded of the Body of the proper County where such Issue is triable. writ^of^val

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act before nf Felony or contained, shall extend to any Writ, Declaration, or Suit of Appeal of Felony or Murder, or to any

Murder, & C Indictment or Presentment of Treason, Felony or Murder, or other Matter, or to any Process upon any

of them, or to any Writ, Bill, Action or Information upon any Penal Statute.

Where Jurors

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Lands Trinity Term in any Actions brought in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, where it court may^order shall appear to the Court in which such Actions are depending, that it will be proper and necessary, that Special Writs of the Jurors who are to try the ili ues in any such Actions, should have the view of the Messuages, Lands, Piftringas or or Place in Question, in order to their better understanding the Evidence that will be given upon the Habeas Corpora. Trials of such Iifues, in every such Case the respective Courts in which such Actions shall be depending, may order Special Writs of Difringas or Habeas Corpora to issue, by which the Sheriff, or such other Officer to whom the said Writs shall be directed, shall be commanded to have six out of the first twelve of the Jurors named in such Writs, or some greater Number of them, at the Place in Question, some convenient Time before the Trial, who then and there shall have the Matters in Question shown to them by two Persons in the said Writs named, to be appointed by the Court; and the said Sheriff, or other Officer, who is to execute the said Writs, shall, by a special Retorn upon the same, certify that the View hath been had according to the Command of the said Writs.

All Grants and

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of &c"tto b"ec£good Trinity Term, all Grants or Conveyances thereafter to be made, by Fine or otherwise, of any Manors without attorn r Rents, or of the Reversion or Remainder of any Messuages or Lands, shall be good and effectual, to roent of Tenants, all Intents and Purposesr without any Attornment of the Tenants of any such Manors, or of the Land out of which such Rent shall be issuing, or of the particular Tenants upon whose particular Estates any such Reversions or Remainders shall and may be expectant or depending, as if their Attornment had been had and made.

[Proviso.]X Provided nevertheless, That no such Tenant shall be prejudiced or damaged by Payment of any

Rent to any such Grantor or Conufor, or by Breach of any Condition for Nonpayment of Rent, before Notice shall be given to him of such Grant by the Conufee or Grantee.

No dilatory Plea

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of unlevo^asi Trinity Term, no dilatory Plea shall be received in any Court of Record, unless the Party offering such davit.' Plea, do, by Affidavit, prove the Truth thereof, or show some probable Matter to the Court to induce them to believe that the Fact of such dilatory Plea is true.

aflionof debt

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of bilceor Jude Trinity Term, where any Action of Debt shall be brought upon any single Bill, or where Action of Debt, ment, after Moor Scire facias, shall be brought upon any Judgement, if the Defendant hath paid the Money due upon ney pad, such such Bill or Judgement, such Payment shall and may be pleaded in Bar of such Action or Suit, and where Payment may be an Action of Debt is brought upon any Bond which hath a Condition or Defeazance to make void the pleaded in Bar, same Upon payment of a lesser Sum at a Day or Place certain, if the Obligor, his Heirs, Executors or Administrators, have, before the Action brought, paid to the Obligee, his Executors or Administra the likeon tors, the Principal and Interest due by the Defeazance or Condition of such Bond, though such Payment vyas not made ftridfly according to the Condition or Defeazance; yet it shall and may nevertheless be pleaded in Bar of such Action, and shall be as effectual a Bar thereof, as if the Money had been paid at the Day and Place according to the Condition or Defeazance, and had been so pleaded.

xiii.'and

Venire facias how to be awarded,

A. d.1705,

Anno quarto Annje Regins.

C 16. 207

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time, pending an Action Principal and upon any such Bond with a Penalty, the Defendant shall bring into the Court where the Action final] be

depending, all the Principal Money, and Interest due on such Bond, and also all such Colls as have been Courr, pc. expended in any Suit or Suits in Law or Equity upon such Bond, the said Money so brought in shall be court may dif deemed and taken to be in full Satisfaction and Discharge of the said Bond, and the Court shall and may charge defen give Judgement to discharge every such Defendant of and from the same accordingly.

XIV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-ninth Year of King Charles the Nuncupative Second, intituled, An Act for Prevention of Frauds and Perjuries., it is enabled, That no Nuncupative Wills.

Will shall be good, where the Estate thereby bequeathed shall exceed the Value of thirty Pounds, that Car' 2l 4' 3* ' is not proved by the Oaths of three Witnesses, at the least, that were present at the making thereof; 'it is hereby declared, That all such Witnesses as are and ought to be allowed to be good Witnesses upon Trials at Law, by the Laws and Cuiloms of this Realm, shall be deemed good Witnesses to prove any Nuncupative Will, or anything relating thereunto.

XV. And whereas it hath been doubted, whether since the making of the said last mentioned Act of Declarations of Parliament, the Declarations or Creations of Uses, Trusts, or Confidences, of any Fines or Common us, Trust, C ' Recoveries manifested by Deed made after the levying or suffering of such Fines or Recoveries, are good of Fines or Re ' and effectual in Law; 'It is hereby declared, That all Declarations, or Creations of Uses, Trusts, or coveriel' Confidences, of any Fines or Common Recoveries of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, manifested and proved, or which hereafter shall be manifested and proved, by any Deed already made, or here 29 Car. 2. C 3. after to be made, by the Party who is by Law enabled to declare such Uses or Trusts, after the levying or suffering of any such Fines or Recoveries, are and shall be as good and effectual in the Law, as if the said last mentioned Act had not been made

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of No Claim or

of Trinity Term, no Claim or Entry to be made of or upon any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, ^ntrf to beof shall be of any Force or Effect to avoid any Fine levied or to be levied with Proclamations, according to f°^evied°with the Form of the Statute in that Case made and provided in the queen's Court of Common Pleas at West Proclamations, minster, or in the Courts of Sessions in any of the Counties Palatine, or in Courts of Grand Sessions unless an in Wales, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or shall be a sufficient Entry or Claim within the Action be com statute madejn the twenty first Year of King James the First, intituled, An Act for Limitation of Actions, "'"fa" filih and for avoiding of Suits in Law, unless upon such Entry or Claim, an Action shall be commenced within Entrymade.110 on Year next after the making of such Entry or Claim, and prosecuted with Effect. 21 jic. 1. C 16.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Suits and Actions in the Court Seamens Wages, of Admiralty for Seamens Wages, which shall become due after the said first Day of Trinity Term, shall be commenced and sued within six Years next after the Cause of such Suits or Actions shall accrue, and not after.

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, who is or Proviso in case shall be intituled to any such Suit or Action for Seamens Wages, be or shall be, at the Time of any such of Nonage, Cause of Suit or Action accrued, fallen or come, within the Age of twenty-one Years, Feme Covert, Feme Covert, or Non compos mentis, imprisoned, or beyond the Seas, that then such Person or Persons shall be at Liberty mtjcs°rl^'03

to bring the same Actions, so as they take the same within six Years next after their coming to, or being'C

of full Age, Discovert, of sane Memory, at large, and returned from beyond the Seas.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, against Action against whom there is or shall be any such Cause of Suit or Action for Seamens Wages, or against whom there F'rfons son' shall be any Cause of Action of Trespass, Detinue, Actions Sur Trover, or Replevin for taking away

[Proviso.]

Goods or Cattle, or of Action of Account, or upon the Case, or of Debt grounded upon any Lending the ir°re or Contract without Specialty, of Debt for Arrearages of Rent, or Assault, Menace, Battery, Wound turn, ing and Imprisonment, or any of them, be or shall be, at the Time of any such Cause of Suit or Action given or accrued, fallen, or come, beyond the Seas; that then such Person or Persons, who is or shall be intituled to any such Suit or Action, shall be at Liberty to bring the said Actions against such Person and Persons, after their Return from beyond the Seas, so as they take the same after their Return from beyond the Seas, within such Times as are respectively limited for the bringing of the said Actions before by this Act, and by the said other Act made in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of King 23 ac. j. C 16. James the First

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall be arrested Bail Eond tafcen from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term, by any Writ, Bill, or Process, issuing out of any of by Sheriff, cher majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, at the Suit of any common Person, and the Sheriff or may be afligoed other Officer taketh Bail from such Person, against whom such Writ, Bill, or Process is taken out, the to Plaintiff. Sheriff or other Officer at the Request and Costs of the Plaintiff in such Action or Suit, or his lawful Attorney, shall affigu to the Plaintiff in such Action the Bail Bond, or other Security taken from such

Bail, by endorsing the same, and attesting it under his Hand and Seal in the Presence of two or more credible Witnesses, which may be done without any Stamp; provided the Assignment so endorsed be duly Proviso, stamped before any Action be brought thereupon; and if the said Bail Bond or Assignment, or other Security taken for Bail he forfeited, the Plaintiff in such Action, after such Assignment made, may bring an Action and Suit thereupon in his own Name, and the Court where the Action is brought, may by Fade or Rules of the same Court, give such Relief to the Plaintiff and Defendant in the original Action, and to the Bail, upon the said Bond or other Security taken from such Bail, as is agreeable to Justice and Reason, and that such Rule or Rules of the said Court shall have the Nature and effect of a Defeazance to such Bail Bond, or other Security for Bail,

208

Warranty by Tenant for Life void.

No Subpana to issue till after bim filed. Exception.

On dismissing Bills in Equity, Plaintiff or Defendant to pay full Cofis.

act to extend to all Suits for the King's Debts, C

Rex V Phillips in Scacc. Hil. 1746.

On qujdhing Writ of Error Defendant to have Colls.

Probats of Wills and administrations.

Bona notabika.

actions of Account may be brought against Executors of Guardian, Bailiff, &c. Auditors 'to examine the Parties on Oath.

C 17, 18. Anno quarto Annje Regime. A.D. 1705.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Warranties which shall Ire made

after the faiu first Day of Trinity Term, by any Tenant for Life, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, the same descentling or coming to any Person in Reversion or Remainder, shall be void and of none Effect; and likewise all collateral Warranties, which shall be made after the Laid first Day of Trinity Term, of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by any Ancestor who has no Eftafe of Inheritance in Possession in the same, shall he void against his Heir.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Subpoena, or any other Process for Appearance, do issue out of any Court of Equity, till after the Bill is filed with the proper Officer in the respective Courts of Equity, except in Cases of Bills for Injunctions to stay wastes, or stay Suits at Law commenced, and a Certificate thereof brought to the Subpoena Office, or to him who usually makes out Subpoenas or other Process in the several Courts of Equity, under the Hand of the Six Clerk, or other Clerk or Officer who usually files, Bills in Equity, for which Certificate he shall receive no Fee

XXIII. And for the better preventing vexatious Suits in Courts of Equity; be it further enacted That upon the plaintiff's dismissing his own Bill, or the defendant's dismissing the same for want of pro fecution, the Plaintiff in such Suit shall pay to the Defendant or Defendants, his or their full Costs, to be taxed by a Master: And that no Copy, abstract, or Tenor of any Bill in Equity, do go with the Defimus or Commission for taking the defendant's Answer; but in Lieu and Recompense thereof, the sworn Clerks of the Court of Chancery final! take to their own Use, in all Clauses, the whole Term Fe'o of three Shillings and fourpence, and also the whole Fee or Fees of and for all small Writs made by the said sworn Clerks.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term, this act and all the Statutes of Jeofails shall extend to all Suits in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for Recovery of any Debt immediately owing, or any Revenue belonging to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors; and shall also extend to all Courts of Record in though. Counties Palatine of Lancaster, Chester, and Durham, and the Principality of Wales, and to all other Courts of Record within this Kingdom.

XXV. And for the preventing great Vexation from suing out defective Writs of Error; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the quashing any Writ of Error to be sued out after the said first Day of Trinity Term, for Variance from the original Record or other Defect, the Defendants in such' Error shall recover against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, issuing out such Writ, his Costs, as he should haye had if the Judgement had been affirmed, and to be recovered in the same Manner.

XXVI. And whereas great Trouble and Expense is frequently occasioned to th? Widows and Or ' phans of Persons dying Intestate to Moneys or Wages due for Work done in her Majesty's Yards and Docks, by Disputes happening about the Authority of granting Probate of the Wills, and Letters of Administration of the Goods and Chattels of such Persons, and for preventing such unnecessary Trouble i and Expense; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Power of granting Prpbats of the Wills, and Letters of Administration of the Goods and Chattels of such Person and Persons rea spectively is, and is hereby declared to be, in the ordinary of the Diocese, or such other Person, to whom the ordinary Power of Probat of Wills, or granting Letters of Administration do belong, where such Person and Persons shall respectively die; and that the Salary, Wages, or Pay due to such Person or Persons from the queen's Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for Work done in any of the Yards or Docks, shall not be taken or deemed to be Bona notabilia, whereby to found the Jurisdiction of the Prerogative Court.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Trinity Term, Actions of Account shall and may be brought and maintained against the Executors and Administrators of every Guardian, Bailiff, and Receiver; and also by one joint tenant, and Tenant in Common, his Executors and Administrators, against the other, as Bailiff for receiving more than comes to his just Share or Proportion, and against the Executor and Administrator of such joint tenant, or Tenant in Common; and the Auditors appointed by the Court, where such Action shall be depending, shall be, and are hereby empowered to administer an Oath, and examine the Parties touching the Matters in Question, and for their Pains and Trouble in auditing and taking such Account, have such Allowance as the Court shall adjudge to be reasonable, to be paid by the Party on whose Side the Balance of ch? Account shall appear to be.

CAP. XVII.

An act to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts. [Continued for five Years from April 1709. by 7 Annas, C z5. f. 4.] EXP. See to Ann. C 15.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for enlarging the Pier and Harbour of Part on in the County of Cumberland. Harbour to be enlarged. From i May 1706. for eleven Years to be paid to the Trustees, for enlarging and repairing the Pier and Harbour. For every 192 Gallons of Coals, id. by the Owner, and id. by the Master of the Ship. And after eleven Years, one, Farthing, only for every 192 Gallons for ever. Trustees to appoint Collectors of the Duties. Who are to pay the.monies to the Receivers. Trustees to take Security of the Receivers and Collectors. Collectors to be allqwed (din the Pound. If Duties be not paid, Collectors may distrain. And on nonpayment Distress may be sold. No ship to be discharged until Master produce Collectors Receipt of Duties paid. Trustees may contrail for repairing the Harbour: And assign the Place for building the Pier, V Trustees may borrow Money on Credit of the Duties, at h 1. percent.

3 ' " <'sir

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto anne Reginae. C 19. 209

per Annum. Not exceeding 1500l. Trustees Accounts to be examined by Justices at Quarter sessions.

[Public Act.]

1 On Death of Trustees, Survivors to choose others. No Ballast, Dust, C to be thrown into the Harbour. Persons sued may plead the General issue. Act to be allowed a

EXP.

CAP. XIX.

An act for the Encpuragement and Increase of Seamen, and for the better and speedier Many: iu; i ning her Majesty's Fleet.

!; L*A

1* t

Af I

X \ N D for the Encouragement of all Seamen, who are or hall be in her Majesty's Service at Sea, How Seamen XX it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Seaman who' from and turned over from after the five and twentieth Day of marchone thousand seven hundred and six, hall be turned, over from, 0"11 1° one Ship to another in her Majesty's Service, or turned aftiore, as not being fit for her Majesty's Service, fjialibe paid his Wages which hall appear to be due to him in the Ship from which he was turned over, .;

before such Ship to which he hall be turned over do go to Sea, eitherfiri Money or by a Ticket, which hall, entitle him, orbs afligus to Payment within one Month, after the said Ticket hall be prefehted to '

the commissioners of the Navy at their. Office,;. j..'H, V 1., j

'4 No Mariner entered, and continuing in the queen's Service, to be arrested during this War, for a Debt.., - not exceeding zo

And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for z & 3 Ann.

the Increase of Seamen, and better Encouragement of Navigation, and the Security of the Coal Trade, Provision C 6.

*, is spade; for, putting, oiit of pariik Children, Apprentices to Masters of trading Ships and vessels at the Age of ten Years It is hereby enacted, that.no such Matter: hall be obliged' to' take any such ap 'nomatter of prentice under the Age of thirteen Years, or who hall not' appear to be fitly qualified both as to Health sh|pt0 take AP" and, strength of body for that Service; and any Widow of the Master of such Ship or Veiled, or the ex ecutor or Administrator of such Master, who hall have been obliged to take such Parish Boys Apprentice 3 to them, hall have the same Power of aligning over fudr Apprentices to any other Masters of ships or 5

Vessels, who have not their Compliment of Apprentices required by the said recited Act, to be entertain '

d by them, as is given by the said Act to such Persons, as have taken Children Apprentices in pursuance'43 £1'*. C

the Statute made in the forty third Years Queen Elizabeth. .* 3 ' till. 'ti V

XVII. And whereas all such Persons, who.in Pursuance of the said A <5, have Voluntarily bound, or hereafter hail so bind themselves Apprentices to such Masters or Owners, as therein is expressed, are >, ;» 'fl ' exempted from her Majesty's Service for the Term of three Years, from the Date of their respective Indentures: And whereas such Exemptions from' her Majesty's Sea Service for the term of three Years, '

which was intended for the Encouragement of Landmen, to bind themselves Apprentices to the Sea'

Service, hath been manifestly abused for the exempting and protesting of Seamen from the said Service,

who having bound themselves Apprentices, have claimed such Exemption, and demanded Protections

accordingly, to the great Hindrance and Prejudice of her; majesty's Sea Service; 'Befit therefore fur No Apprentices there enacted and declared. That no person or persons of; the age of eighteen Years, hall have -- any Ex ^yefrvoh °* eruption - or pjoteftion, from, her Majesty's Sea Service, who hall have been in any Sea Service before exem^ from the the Time they bound themselves Apprentices; any law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise queen's Service notwithstanding / '«' ' 'atsea. V

XVIII. 'and whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of the Reign of King Philip 2 Phil

and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act touching Watermen and Bargemen upon the River Thames, it was Mar. C 16. t.?.

enacted, That if any l'erson pri persons, which from and after the Time therein mentioned, hold use amfexercise the Occupation of rawing betwixt Grave send and Windsor, which in the Time of the Exe 4 c'ution of any cottii nilfion.ofiprefling, that hold be had for the Service of the King and queen's Majesty in their 'Affairs', should.willingly, vqluntarily, and obstinately 'withdraw; '- hide; or convey him or themselves in the same Time of pressing secret Places and out cornel's, and after, when such

of pressing is overpafled, hold return and come again to the river of Thames, to row betwixt Gravesend and Windsor aforesaid that duly proved by two indifferent Witnesses before the Lord Mayor, and Court of Aldermen, or Justices of Peace, and two of the Rulers of the Company of Wa 4 termen, that then he o r, they, so, doing and offending, hold suffer Imprisonment for the Space of two Weeks, and be banished any.mote tojow from thenceforth upon the said River of Thames, by the Space of one whole Year and a'day then next following: And' whereas by an Act made in the eleventh Year

of his late majesty 'King William the Third, 'entitled, 'An M for Explanation and letter Execution of tt k Iz w

former Acts t made touching Watermen and wherrymen, rowing on the River of Thames, and for the letter orc, 21. "

dering and governing the said Watermen, Wherrymen, and Lightermen upon the said River, between Grave send and Windsor, Persons who keep or work, or hall be employed in rowing or navigating any Lighter V

or Lighters, or other great Craft, (except, as in the said. Act is excepted) shall be registered in the Company of Watermen:. And whereas in this Time of War, .'drvers Watermen, Bargemen, Lightermen, ', r 1 4 and Wherrymep; belonging to, the said River, " do abscond and not enter themselves, into her Majesty's'

Service; and irbeipghighty ned eflary that a convenient Number of such watermen; Bargismfen, Ligh'

termed, and whetrynien; should' from time to Time be obliged to serve on board herfivl njesty's Fleet; '

Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case such number of them as the Lord High Admifal' Watermen. C vol, IV Ee summon'd by the

Rulers of the

Company to serve On board the Fleet, and not appearing, C to be difobled, cm

EXP.

CP. dr Anno' qmmo AM regifi£iina A.D. i j6$i

ie fcomfef^nlis for, htecutprig the Office of Lord High Admiral of Etigpn& for the Time being, ffikll from' Time to Time giite Notice to the said Company of Watermen, " thexi shall be Occasion for to serve her maje fty, her Heirs and successors, (being duly fiijriinoned by leaving Notice in Writing at the Place of their usual Abode by the Company) within ten Days after such Summons, shall not appear before the Rulers of the Paid Watermens Company, to be fenton board her Majesty's Fleet, futh Person or Persons so summoned, and being duly convicted before the lord mayot and court of Aldermen of the City of London, or two Justices of the Peace of the aid' City j and two of the find Rulers", that then he or they so doing and offending, shall suffer Imprisorirfient during the Space of one Month, and be disabled. from rowing, or working. upon the said River of Thames, and of enjpying any the Advantages or Privileges of the said Company for the Spdce of two Years. 1 <' 5 U ri \

j 'V. I JI I \"'< j J V

"Insolvent Debtors' who shall before the first of May 1766. surrender their Effects to the Use of their

"Creditors; and take an Oath; and enter themselves on board the Navy to serve during the War; to be* discharged froth all Debts, 'r. Any three Justices may go, to any Prison examine what Prisoners "in for Debt, not exceeding 661. and grant their Warrant for such who are able to fej ve^ so, be sent "board the Fleet: None to have benefit of Act; unless he continue in the Service during this War: "Nor be discharged out of Prison if indebted more than 60l. Discharge of Prisoner, hot to discharge "Debt, fc." V; d

ugcc.i. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 3 17. 14 Geo. 2. c. 384 18 Geo. 1. <. 31. 20 Geo. ir. 38. 21 Geo. 1. c. 51.

Farther Traviji ens concerning

Seamear jo Ann, c. 17. j Geo. t. C54 a Geo. 2. c. 72? 36.

6 Geo. 2. c. 25. /. 18. g Geo. 2. c. 29.4 Geo. 2. c. 47. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

CAP. XX.

8 Elii.

An Act for the better enabling the Matter, Wardens, and Assistants of Trinity House, to rebuild

{ V 7v;j n'v./i*,' the Light Hbule dii/he1 Edyftvrie rocks'n'y3'\ V 'jj.

WHEREAS in and by one Act of Parliament made in the eighth Year of the Reign of our late C 23. ' y'v Sovereign Lady Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to enable the Master, Wardens, and ajfiftants «/"trinity house at tdeptford_ Strond, to erect Sea Marks, C They the said Master, Wardens,

"1 and Affiftahts are empowered to erect and see up Beacons, Marks, and Signs for the Sea, needful for a ' voiding the Dangers, and to renew, continue, and maintain the same, in such Manner as in the said

mentioned; And whereas there now is, and Time out of Mind hath been, a very dangerous Edjrtent Rock.*Rpck', called the Edystone, lying off. of Plymouth In the County of Devon, upon which diverse Ships and

Yeilels have been call away, and the Lives and Goods of many subjects of this Kingdom lost and de' ' stroyed: And whereas upon. Application sometime firice made to the said; Master, Wardens, and Af!, !, by great Numbers, of Matters and Owners of Shipping, to have a Light House erected upon the said Rock, offering and agreeing, in Consideration of the great Charge, Difficulty, and Hazard of such

Undertaking, to pay to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, 'one Penny per Tun outwards,

and the like inwards, for all Ships and Vessels, which should pass by such Light House (Coasters excepted, who should pay twelve Pence only for each Voyage;,) they, the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, having a'due Regard to the Safety and.preservation of the Shipping and Navigation of this Kingdom, did in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety lik, cause a'light House to be begun

to be erected on the said Rock, and in three Years Time a Light was placed therein and the said

House in the Term of five Years was with much Hazard and Difficulty, and a very great expence, fully built and completed, to the great Satisfaction of the Flag Officers and Commanders of the Fleet and Ships of War, and of all others concerned in Trade and Navigation, the same being not only useful for avoiding that dangerous Rock upon which it was built, but also a Guide and Direction to

Ships passing through the Channel from and to all Parts of the World: And whereas the said Light

House was preserved and kept up for several 'years, notwithstanding the great Force and Violence of the Wind and Sea, (to which it was exposed) until the lkte dreadful Storm in November one thousand

hundred and three, when the same was blown down and deftfo yed: And whereas it was found by Experience, That the said Light House (during the standing thereof)'was of public Use and Benefit to this Kingdom, a Means to preserve her Majesty's Ships of War, aind the Shipping, Lives, and Estates

her Subjects, and was useful and beneficial to Navigation; and forasmuch.as the speedy rebuilding the said Light House is absolutely necessary for avoiding the Dangers atterlclirij; the Navigation and Trade of this Kingdom, and in Regard the same is a Work of great Charge, Hazard, and Expence,

and all due and proper Encouragement ought to be given thereunto'; to the end therefore that the said Master, Wardens, and Assistant's, may Be encouraged to new erect and build, or cause to be new erected and built, the said Light House, with all convenient Speed, and constantly to keep and maintain the same for the Benefit of the Navigation and Trade of this kingdom be it enacted, tsc.

V Master, Wardens, and Assistants of Trinity House, to new erect a Light House on the Edyjlene Roclc, "Duties to be paid by all Ships, tsv. passing by the same, viz All English Ships which Inal! pass by the said Light House (except Coasters) one Benny per Tun outward bound, and one Penny per Tun "inward bound, of the Merchant, one Moiety, and of the Owner the other Moiety:; and Aliens Ships,

twopence per Tonne; and every Coaster, two Shillings, for each Time."

fr.

Explained and enforced by 8 Anne. 17. ua. J.

211

t j ra.

D, 1705.

Anno quarto anne Regina;

CAP. XXI

C 21.

I 'J

An Act for the Increase and better Preservation of Salmon and other Fish, in the Rivers within. the Counties of Southampton and Wilts.

WHEREAS the Salmon and salmon kind of Fish resorting to spawn within the Rivers and Salmon Fifticriei

W. Freshes in the County of Southampton, and Southern Parts of" Wiltshire, are in Danger of utter >» the Counties 'decay, to the great Loss of this Kingdom, and the Royalties and Fisheries in the said Counties are in

great Measure consumed and destroyed, by placing diverse Engines and other Devices in and upon the'" 4_

main rivers, and in the new Channels, Dikes, and Cutsj which now are or shall be cut out of the same }\ed. j'yi.i.'

River's, by Means whereof the Salmon Stripes or Kippers, as well as the young Fry or Smelts are taken C 1, 3.

and destroyed, and are prevented from returning to the Sea in Season: whereas the Owners and j 1 £</.;. /. j. 'occupiers of the Salmon Fisheries within the said Counties, regarding only their private and greedy e, IR'

Profit, do destroy the Stock of the said Fisheries, by preventing the Breed of good Fish to pass in Sear" \ e'

f son through their Fishing Wyres, and Fishing Hatchways, from the Sea into the said Rivers to spawn 1h.6. C ig.

and by killing such as are under Size, and by iishing continually out of Season, at and in the said fish 1* Ed. ct.

ing Wyres and Creeks of the Rivers, with Nets and other Devices, whereby not only the Increase of 3« H 8 ' the Species of the said Fish but also the Growth thereof is in great Measure destroyed; whereas 1 f1/'

notwithstanding the many good Laws before this Time made, and still in Force, with Intent to prohi

bit unlawful killing or otherwise destroying the Game of this Kingdom, diverse sturdy and disorderly J jae. c. t j.

Persons (through Defect in the said Laws for sufficiently punishing of Offenders, and neglecting their 3 Jac. t. c. it.

lawful Employments) do poach with Nets and Angles, Gins, and other unlawful Engines, and by >5 Carc 7 ' unlawful Means in the Night, and at other Times, do take, kill, and destroy. the Fish, to the great l6'

Detriment of the Lords of Manors, and the other Owners and Occupiers of Fisheries in the said Coun ty of Southampton, and Southern Parts of iniitshirefor Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the queen's Act 4 & 5 W. Sc most Excellent Majesty and "With the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and M. C 23. for Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Statute better pm made in the fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, now in Force, for the better Preservation of the Game relating to Salmon Fishing, and every Article and Thing, therein con put vjlcu. tainted, shallbc duly put in Execution j according to the Tenor of the same; and that the Statute made in tion; the thirteenth Year of King Edward the first, whereby it is provided that the Waters of Humber, Owfe, nfostat. 13 Trent, Dover, Arre, Derwent, Wherfe, 'Niddiore, 'Swale, Tefe, Tine, Eden, and all other Waters wherein dw be taken, shall be in Defence from taking Salmon; from the Nativity of our Lady unto Saint Sut" 11 e'47* Martino Day; and likewise that young Salmon shall not be taken nor destroyed by Nets, nor by other No young sai engines, at Mill Pools, from the Midi! of April unto the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and in mon tobede places where fresh Waters be; 'shall extend and be in full Force, as well to all and every the Rivers, stroyed by Neis, Creeks, and Waters in the County of Southampton, and Southern Parts of Wiltshire, as to the Waters in* the last mentioned Act here "above enumerated 'and contained, and in like Manner, and under the same Pains and Penalties ais therein mentioned and expressed.: r }; .-;

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be assigned Overseers of this Overseers of thi* Statute, " by any two or more Justices of the peace, residing within 'five Miles of the respective Rivers Act to be assign within the said Counties of Southampton and Wiltshire, under their Hands and Seals, from Time to Time, ed by Justices. who being sworn before the said Justices of the Peace, shall often see and inquire after the Offenders ho en against this Statute, and shall take and apprehend all and every such Offender and Offenders, and take, u; re atttr ot and destroy all Nets and other Craft and Engines, where they shall find the same, being kept, used, offenders.'

in being contrary to this or any other act now in Force relating to Fishing; all and every. Offender and Offenders so taken or apprehended by the; said Overseers, or any of them, or by any other lawful Means, shall be brought before some justice of the Peace of the said Counties, to answer for every, such

and being bbnvifted before any such Justice of the Peace for the said Counties, by one or more Witnesses upon Oath, which oath the said Justice hath hereby Power to administer, or Confession of Penalty on of such Offender, shall for the first Trespass or Offence, forfeit a Sum to be ascertained by such Justice offendels* the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, not under twenty billings, nor more than five Pounds, and for the second Trespass or Offence, shall forfeit a Sum not under forty Shillings, to be af ceftafneff as aforesaid, " nor mote than ten Pounds', and as the Trespass or Offence shall increase to double the Penalty, to be ascertained as aforesaid; half thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other half thereof to the Poor of the Parish where the said.offence^orldffences shall be committed; and in case the Offender or Offe ndersfshall riot.be ^ble, or do not on.demand pay the said Penalty or Penalties, then he or they shall be sent by such Justice of the peacd, before whom such Conviction shall be made as hforefhid, "'to the House or Housesr of Correiflion' within the said respective Counties where such Offender or Offenders shall be taken, 'a'nd there kept for the Space of three Months.? no person, qua

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons (not being by lifted or not.

Law duly qualified)" shall' hereafter"kill; 'destroy wilfully hurt any Salmon or salmon kind, or any kill

other fish, and" that neither they, nor any o.therterson or Persons whatsoever, shall and may t any f?lnl0.n i10'1 time or Times after the' thirtieth Day, of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand fe

yen hundred and six, take, kill, or destroy, any Salmon, salmon peale, or salmon kind, by Hawks, Racks, Thu Claufo n gins, Nets; Angles, of other Devises whatsoever, until after the eleventh Day of November in every Year, pealed by r Geo. or offer to Sale any of the said Fish so taken, urfder the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Imprisonc ments, as are herein before mentioned, -- '.. a

..'. Owners of these

V - 1 rr.i lo su..- b. o or j r a.jv, And fiamies; id

212 C 22.

Anno quarto Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1705.

waite hatch for the Salmon to pass and repass, Sec,

And not use Nets, Scc.

ifyem*

Owners of Mea

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Salmon or salmon kind shall aow^grcmnds^to ni any of the Dikes, Cuts, or Water Carriages, that then all Owners and Occupiers of Meadow into ch^dykes, Grounds in and upon the Banks of any Waters or Rivers in the said Counties within the Time limited tass into the main and restrained by the said Act, shall permit the said Fish to pass or go out of the said Cuts, or Dikes, or Rivers again. Streams, into the main rivers again, and not by any wilful Means to: destroy them for Sale, or otherwise, under the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Imprisonment, as aforementioned..;

Owners ofmills V And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Owners and Occupiers of Corn, Fulling and to keep open one Paper Mills, and other Mills; upon any the waters or Rivers in the said Counties, shall constantly, keep Scuttle in the open one Scuttle or small Hatch of a Foot Square in the waste hatch or water course in the direct Stream, wherein no water wheel standeth, sufficient for the Salmon to pass and repass freely up and down the said Rivers in the said Counties, from the eleventh Day of November to the one and thirtieth Day of May in every Year, during which Season, the old Salmon and the young Fry of the preceding Year retire to the Sea, and the breeding Salmon come from the Sea to spawn, and shall not make Use of any Nets, Pots; Racks', Hawks, Gins, of other Devices whatsoever to be placed in the said Scuttle or small Hatch of a Foot Square in the said waste hatch, in of about the said.mills respectively, during the said Term, to kill or destroy, or take any Salmon or salrrion kind; upon the like Pains, Penalties, For eel Pots to have feitures, and Imprisonment, as aforesaid; in case they shall lay any Pots or Nets to catch Eels, after Racks before the first Day of January, to the tenth Day of March in every Year (which they may do) they shall set Racks before them, to keep out of the said Pots or Nets the old Salmon or Kippers, which, during that Season, are out of Kind, and returning to the Sea; and after the tenth Day of March, to the one and thirtieth Day of May in every Year, they shall lay no Pot, Net, or Engine, but what shall be wide enough to let the Fry of Sainfoin pass through to the Sea, or shall take, or keep, orioffer to Sale any of the young Fry, that, during the Seasons aforesaid, are returning from the said Rivers to the Sea; upon the pains, Penalties; Forfeitures, 'and Imprisonments, as aforesaid,.

VI. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, that.no Bouges, otherwise called Sea. Trouts, shall be taken in any of the said Rivers, Creeks, or Arms of the Sea in the Counties before mentioned, after the thirtieth Day of June, to the eleventh Day of November every Year, upon the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Imprisonments, as aforesaid and/whereas diverse disorderly, idle, and mean Persons, have and keep Nets, Angles, Leaps,

Pitches, and other Engines for the taking and killing, of Fish out of the Ponds, Waters, Rivers, and

j^in the said Counties, to the Damage of the Owners 'thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by

W, mc. 23. the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever; shall have or keep, any Net, Angle, Leiap, WM. Pitch, or other Engine for taking of Fish, other than as is provided for and allowed of by an Act made in 10- the Second Year of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the more, easy Discovery and

amiftaketn thee Conviction offuck as fall defray the Game of this Kingdom, and the subsequent Acts made in the third, fourth. Roll, therebeing and fifth Years' of the said King William and Queen Mary, for the more ealy Conviction of Such as no sich Statute as shall destroy the Game of this Kingdom; none.of which Acts, or any Part or Matter therein contained, is here referred to, or in any other. Act relating to the Preservation of the Game of this Kingdom; is hereby intended or

in WM. deemed to be repealed. ",: ft: .' 1. ri. V it., ', r j;

cuw0r& M

VIII. And be it enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall sell or expose to Sale any Salmon or Sail penaltieson fel mn kind in the said Counties, ' from the thirtieth day of June to the eleventh Day of November in every ling Salmon, C Year, such Person or Persons shall for every.salmon or salmon kind so sold or exposed to Sale, be.fub> jceo.i.c. 18. jest to the Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures, and Imprisonments, as aforesaid..1 f;

§. 11. 'IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Forfeitures and Penalties arising

rorfeitures of by Conviction of any Offender or offenders against this Act, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders to be Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice before whom the Offender or ofi levied by distress fenders shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus, ifanybe, and for want of Distress; the Offender for and Sale, C Offenders shall be committed to the House or Houses of Correction in the; said Counties, as aforesaid > of the X Provided always, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend, or be construed Act" " extend to any County or place in this Kingdom, save only to the said County of Southampton, and the Farther Prmi Southern Parts of tvtltshire; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Jjojis for thefre. r A. '-., i. t. u, 4

servation and Imfrcrtranest of the Fishery, 9 Ann, <-., 26. j Geo. 1. St, z. C 1 & 5 Geo. I. C 18. 23 Geo. 2. C z6. '7.26 G, co. 2. CL 9.30 Geo. 2. (. 22*

-& 30. and 33 Geo. 2. C. 27., 4j 'i \ J., V '. ('ff. (..i

V f; cap. XXII is 'r.;

An Act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue oiit of the Moneys, arising by the coinage duty, any. Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, over and above the Sum of three thousand Pounds yearly, for the Uses of the Mint. - 1"

No Sea Trouts to be taken in the Rivers.

None to keep Nets, C other .1 than what are allowed by, & 5

L

Car. 2. C 5/ C

25 Car 2- <\'8. j Jac. i. C 7. '

46? stk&m. ' t. 24.

nff. 3. C 11. C

"j

H ER EAS in and by, one Act of Parliament made in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for encouraging of Coinage; it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That there should not be issued out of the Exchequer, of: the Moneys accruing by the said Act in any one Year, for the Fees and Salaries of the Officers of the Mint or Mints, ami towards the providing, maintaining, and repairing of the Houses, Offices, and Buildings, and other n ceffaries, for Assaying'- and Coining, above the Sum of three thousand Pounds Sterling, which said Act hath been continued, and is still in Force: And whereas the said three thousand Pounds has been by Experience found not to be sufficient, and the Residue of the Moneys arising by the said

A.D. 1705. Anno quarto Annje Reginae.t

C 2-3--^2'6. .'.213

V*Coinage Act is appropriated, as in the same Act is mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the queen's 'r' moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall] and After 25 Dee. maybe lawful to and for the Lord Treasurer, and Under Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury 1705- Lord for the Time being, by Orders or Warrants, to issue out of the Exchequer, or dispose of the Moneys'"^iy

arising by the said Coinage Duty yearly and every Year, from and after the twenty-fifth Day of December out of the coin one thousand seven hundred and five, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding the yearly Sum of five age Duties for hundred Pounds, over and above the yearly Sum of three thousand Pounds abovementioned, for the Sees the Salaries of or Salaries of the Officers of the Mint or Mints, and towards the providing, maintaining, and repairing L " of the said Houses, Offices, and Buildings, and other Necessaries before mentioned j the said recited Act or the lnc'

Acts, or any oath Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding <-

*«' ' Coinage Duties are

'» L j. », continued for .7 Yearsand are farther continued by 19 Geo. 2. 14* and zygtq, 2. C 11*

1. ' V' ' ' ! '< iifll'.ji. '> 1., X'A '

"., ., 1. CA, P. XXIII

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, notwithstanding the 1 Month's Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid j and for an Account to be made of Trophy Monies.' '

EXP. i:

CAP. XXIV.

An Act to enlarge the Time for registring unsatisfied Debentures upon the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and for renewing of other Debentures, which have been lost, burnt, or destroyed.

EXP.

CAP. XXV.

An Act for the paying and clearing the several Regiments commanded by Lieutenant General Stewart, Colonel Hill, and Brigadier Holt, and for supplying the Dcfeft of the muster rolls of those and several other Regiments.

[Exp.]

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for making effectual a Grant of, their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of the Town and Lands of Seatown to the Archbishopric of Dublin, and for restoring the same to the said See.

WHEREAS by the Acts of Settlement and Explanation heretofore made and passed: in the Forfeited Land Kingdom of Ireland, it was enacted, That so much of the then forfeited Lands as were an anciently the in ciently the right and Inheritance of the See of Dublin, but granted in fee-farm by the former Arch heritaincenf the bishops of that Sein, the Time of Popery, under a Reservation of Chief Rent, from the then forfeit See of Du in ing Persons, or those under whom they claimed, Should be set out in Augmentation to the said See, as should complete the Revenue thereof to the Sum of two thousand Pounds per Annum; and pursuant thereunto the late Commissioners for putting in Execution the said Acts, did set out to the then arch bishop of Dublin, and his successors, several Lands, and as Part thereof, the Lands of Seatown, New Seatown, new tonne. Blackball, Gamble, Smithjland, and several other Lands and Tenements in and about the Town of town.bhckhall, Swords, containing together four hundred thirty seven Acres, lying in the Barony of Nethercross, in the ^mbie, Smjthf county of Dublin (being formerly the Propriety of christopher rujteu, a forfeiting' Person: :,) where christopherruf as the said archbishop and his Successors, remained in full and quiet Possession of the said Town and fci a forfeiting Lands, till the Year one thousand six hundred eighty and eight, when Bartholomew Russell, 'Son of the Person, baitho said Christopher Rujfel, setup, a pretended Title, to the said Town and Lands, and the late Earl of Tircon lomew Ruffcl J nell, being chief Governor of the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Judges being Irish Papists, Judgement'

was given against the then Archbishop of Dublin, in Favour of the said Bartholomew Russell, and he obtained Possession of the said Town and Lands, and continued in the Possession thereof, until the Reduction of the said Kingdom of Ireland, by his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory: And whereas the said Bartholomew Russel, being actually engaged in the said Rebellion, he of

was indicted and attainted by Outlawry of Treason, and died so attainted: And whereas their late Mara on' jellies by their Letters Patent, bearing Date on or about the sixth Day of September in the sixth Year Seatown, cof their, said late Majesties Reign, did give, grant, and: confirm unto Narcissus, then Lord Archbishop granted to the of Dublin, and his successors the Archbishops of Dublin for ever, all that and those the aforesaid Town p^n and°hi» and Lands, and also all the Estate, Right, Title, and Interest, which their said late Majesties then hadtor successorsnfor might, or ought to have had of, in, and to the Premises, or any Part or Parcel thereof, by Force of the evcrr aforesaid several Acts of settlement or Explanation; or, either of them, or otherwise howsoever; hold unto the said Narcissus Archbishop of Dublin, and his successors, Archbishops of Dublin, for ever, to the Use of the said Archbishop and his successors for ever; paying the refore thereout yearly, unto their said late M vjeftics and their successors, the several yearly Rents therein particularly mentioned, amounting in the whole to the Sum of nine Pounds eighteen Shillings and eleven Pence Halfpenny, to be paid into the Exchequer of the Kingdom of Ireland, at thefeaft of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Annun Archbishop nat ciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, half yearly: And whereas byreason the late Archbishop of Dublin did chim'of'she not prosecute a Claim made of the said Premises in the Right of his Church, before the Persons nomina premises before ted and appolnted Trustees for the putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities relating to the for the Trustees in feited and other Estates and Interests in Ireland, in and by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign R'fht of hii

D 1. ' 71 4 f Church.

214

ti le uw, j.

C £.

The same sold by the Trudies to Dr. William King, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, and his Heirs,

n & IX W. 3.

CL 1.

1 Anna:, flat. X C XI

For Sterling.

PR.

PR.

G. 27. > Anno quarto r$gm».\ A.E>. 1705.

of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by

of the forfeited' and other Estates and Interests hi Ireland, and by a. land-tax, for the severed Purposes

mentioned, the said Archoishop of Dublin was put out ofpofleflion of all and Angular the/aid Premises, and the' same, were exposed and put tosale by the said Trustees, as. the estate of the said Bartholomew Rujfel: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date on or about the twenty-third Day of June in the year of our Lord one thousand feveri hundred and three, madt tween Sir Ceryll Wych Knight, Francis Annedy Efc

Esq; Henry Langford Esq; James Hooper Eki; Jo).,

Harrison Esq; Fellows Esq; and Thomas Rawlins Efij; survivipg Trustees, nominated and ap

for putting in Execution the Powers and Authorities relating to the forfeited and, other Estates and Interests in Ireland, enacted in and by the aforesaid Act, intituled, An Act for granting, an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other Efates and Interesls in Ireland, and by a Land Tax, for the fevefalpurptfes therein mentioned, of the qne.part; and the most Reverend Father in God, Doctor William King, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, of the other Part, the said Sir Ceryll Wych, Francis Anncjly, John

Baggs, John Trenchard, John isham, Henry Langford, James Hooper, John Carry, Sir Henry Shere, Thomas

Harrison, William Fellows, and Thomas Rawlins, pursuant to thefajdadt.of Parliament, and to another Act of Parliament then lately made, intituled, An Act for advancing the Sale of the forfeited Estates tn Ireland, and for V fling such as remained unsold by the then Trustees, tn her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for such zjfes as the same were before vejled in the said Trustees, and for the more ejfchual selling and Jetting, the said estates in Protestants, and for explaining several Acts relating to the Lord Bophin and Sir Redmund Everard, and in Execution of the Powers and Authorities to them thereby' givehj"'and in ' Consideration of the Sum of three thousand one hundred and five Pounds Sterling, 'paid and secured to be paid by the said Doctor William King, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, in such Manner as therein is mentioned, for the absolute Purchase of the Lands therein and hereinafter mentioned, they the said Trustees did bargain and fell unto the said Doctor William King, Archbishop of Dublin, all that and those the Town and Lands of Seatown, containing by Estimation two hundred thirty-four Acres, and thirty-two Perches profitable Land, Plantation Measure, more or less; Newtown containing one hun

and seventeen Acres, and like Land and Measure, more or less; Blackball and Gamble, containing one hundred and seventy Acres, and like Land and Measure, more or icfs^and.all tfiofe Lands, knoyfn

by the Name of smith's Land, with the several Gardens, Plots, and; Cabins in the Town of swfrd'i ' and all that Parcel of Land in Broad Meadow, containing two Acres, three: Roods, and six teen Perches profitable Land, Plantation Measure, be the same more or less; to the same Barthoh mew Rujfel, attainted as aforesaid; all Messuages, Edifices, Ways, Waters, Watercourses, Woods,

Underwoods, Commons, and all other Rights, Members, Appendances, and Appurtenances thert unto belonging, or in any wise appertaining, and the Reversions and Remainders thereof, to hold ta the said Doctor William King, Lord Archbishop of Dublin, his Heirs and Assigns, subject to a yearly Quit Rent of nine Pounds eighteen Shillings eleven Pence halfpenny reserved to her Majesty,

Heir and Successors, as by the said recited Letters Patents, Deed and other Proceedings, Relation be

thereunto had, may more at large appear: And whereas by virtue of the said last recited Indenture,

the Inheritance of the said town_aiul l?n.4s herein last mentioned, was vested in the said. Lord arch bishop of Dublin, and his Heirs, in his natural Capacity, the Benefit of which Grant and Conveyance

(although the same is of very great Advantage) he the said William Lord Archbishop of Dublin is will ing to quit, so that the said Lands may be restored to the Church: To the Intent therefore that the pious Intentions of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in granting the said Town,

Lands, and premisses to the See. of Dublin, may take Effect, 'May it please, your moult Excellent Majesty; That it may be enacted, &c. i; '.ri V s id II, ni '

"Town and Lands, &c. sold bytrufte.es, &c. vested in the said Archbishop, and his Successors for " ever, and annexed to the Revenues of the See. Subject to the yearly Rent to the Queen. - Archbishop "to be reimbursed his purchase money, by Army Debentures. Leases of Lands, &c. vested In. Anch "bishop shall be made at the improved Rent, and to Protestants only. Leases made at less, than full "yearly.rent, Successor may avoid the same.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for the impropriate Tithes of the Parish of Saint Bridget alias Brides, London.

Anno Regni ann.fi Regina; quinto.

JO;

AT the Parliament summoned, to be held at Westminster the fourteenth Day of June, f \ in the fourth Year of the Reign of our, 'Sovereign' Lady By the.g

Anno Dorn, I ?°5

Grace of God, of i

England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &c. And from thence conti

nued by several Prorogations, to the five and twentieth Day of October 1705 '; 'and then begun and

a Jh ihe Roll it ifi addeti>' and

holder), being the first.session of this present Parliament. And from thence continiied by feverarpro rogations to the third Day of December 1706,being the second Session of this present parliament.

£uf cher continued by Adjournment! l)h the eighth.day of afrll L Ac fixlh Year of.her majesty'i Reign, j. 1 j,

Cap. 1.

Anno quinto ann e Regime.

C 1 — -3. zij

An act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Hundred aid seven; 4;. in the Pound,

Tax to be raised in the Year one thousand seven EXP. See 5 Ann. C 27. f. 18.

CAP. II

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one.

thousand seven hundred and seven. EXP. t See $ Ann. C 27. J. 18.

CAP. III

An act For the settling of the Honours and Dignities of John Duke of Marlborough upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of ivoodjltck, and House of Blenheim, to go along with the said Honours.

WHEREAS the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, having with much Sa^Ann. C 6. tisfaction considered the many great Actions which John Duke of Marlborough has performed in,

her majesty'.s Service, to the Honour of his Country, and for the Good of the common Cause of

Europe (such actions as the wisest and greatest People have rewarded with Statues and Triumphs)

and being extremely desirous to express the just Sense they have of his Merit in a peculiar and distin guishing Manner, and in, order to perpetuate the Memory thereof, that his Tides and Honours, with

his Right of Precedence, might be settled and continued in his Posterity by al of Parliament, as the Method most effectual for that End, and best suiting so great an Occasion: having always a ' just Regard for the Prerogatives of the Crown (her Majesty being the foie. Fountain of Hdnour)

thought it their Duty, in, the first Place, by their humble Address, to have Recourse to her Majesty

her royal Allowance, before any Order given for bringing in a Bill of such a. Nature; and by their said Address did humbly desire, her Majesty would be graciously pleased to let them know, in what Manner it would be moil acceptable to her Majesty, the said Titles and Honours should be limited:

In answer where to, her Majesty hath been pleased most graciously to declare. That nothing could be more acceptable to her than the said Address, and that she was entirely satisfied with the Services of the Duke of Marlborough, and therefore could not but be pleased they had so justa Sense' of them; and did thereby declare her royal Intention to be. That after the Determination of the Estate which the Duke of Marlborough now has in his Titles and Honours, the same should be limited in such Manner as is herein after declared and enabled; and her Majesty was pleased in her. most gracious Answer to

the said Address to declare, That she thought it would be proper that the Honour and Manor Honour and Ma ' of Woodstock, and the House of Blenheim., should always go along with the Titles, and did therefore re nor of Wood

commend that Matter to their Consideration: And the Duke of Marlborough thereupon declaring, that flock anj House

had made it his humble Request to her Majesty, and did now desire, That the Manor and Park of f Blenheim.

Woodjhck, and the House of Blenheim, after the Decease of the Duchess of Marlborough, should g o^sandriage^and along, and be enjoyed with the Titles: And whereas the said John Duke of Marlborough, was by several Earl of Maribo Letters Patents, created Baron Churchill of.sandridge, and Earl of Marlborough, to him and the Heirs rough, Marquest Males of his Body: And by Letters Patents, bearing Date tyre fourteenth Day of December in the f Blandfofd,

first Year of her now majesty's Reign, was created Marquess of Bland ford, and Duke of Marlborough, Pld pa.k'

to him and the Heirs Males of his Body Therefore for perpetuating the Memory of the several great oro "E*Actions performed by the said Duke, and for settling and continuing the Titles and Honours aforesaid,

and the Right of Precedence, in His Posterity; may it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it maybe enabled; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in Default of Heirs Males of the Body of the said Duke of Marlbo Duke of mad rough issuing, 'the States, Degree, Styles, Titles, Dignities and Honours aforesaid, shall continue, re, borough's Titles, main, be veiled in, and shall be held and enjoyed by the Lady Harriott, eldest Daughter of the said Duke C, enos Marlborough, and Wife of Francis Godolphin Esquire, Son and Heir Apparent of Sidney Lord Godolphin, ioy?<i h Lord High Treasurer of England, and the Heirs Males of her Body begotten: And for Default of such go/oiphfn, 0 and Issue, shall continue, remain, be vested in, and held and enjoyed by Anne Countess of Sunderland, second her Heirs Male, Daughter of the said Duke of marlborough, and Wife of Charles Earl of Sunderland, 'and the Heirs«.

Males of her Body begotten: And for default of such Issue, shall continue, remain, be vested in, and Rema, Ters £7 held and enjoyed by elizabeth Countess of Bridgwater, third Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough, A"? 1

and Wife of Scroope Earl of Bridgwater, and the Heirs males.of her Body begotten: And for Default of eiizabct^cou'i such Issue, shall continue, remain, be vested in, and held and enjoyed by the Lady Mary, youngest tess of Biidg daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough, 'and Wife of John Montagu Esquire, called Marquess of water, Monthermer, Son and Heir Apparent of Ralph Duke of Montagu, and the Heirs Males of her Body be Lady ^iary gotten: And for Default of such Issue, then tp continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by Mont ermer' all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the lais puke.of Marnorough, to be begotten, feve xally and successively one after the other, as they shall bein Priority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies issuing; the elder, of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of, her Body, to be preferred and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body: And for Default of such Issue, then to continue, remain, be vested in, and held and enjoyed by the first Daughter f the Body of the said Lady Harriot Godolphin begotten, and the Heirs Maks of the Body of such first

2r6

G.3'.' :Annoqtiinto Annje Reginaet A.D. 1706.

Daughter begotten: And for Default of such Issue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters., of the Body of the said Lady Harriott; godolphin, severally and successively one after the other, as they shall be in Priority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies issuing; the elder of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body, to be preferred and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body: And fotj Default of such Issue. to continue, remain, be veiled inland held and enjoyed by the first Daughter of the Body of the said Anne 'Countess of Sunderland gotten, and the Heirs Males of the Body of such first Daughter begotten: And for want of such Issue, theri1 tb continue, remain, be vested in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other tflp Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said Anne Countess of Sunderland begotten, severally and successively one after the other, as they shall be in Priorityof Birth, and the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies issuing; the elder of such Daughters, and the heirs Males of her Body to be preferred and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body: And for Default of such Issue, then to continue, remain, be vested in, and held and enjoyed by the first Daughter of the Body of the said Elizabeth'; Countess of Bridgwater begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Body of such first Daughter begotten: And for want of such Issue, then to continue, remain, .'be vested in, and 'held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters' of the Bpdy of the said Elizabeth Countess of Bridgwater begotten, severally and successively one after the other, as they shall: be in Priority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of their: respective Bodies issuing; the elder of such Daughters and the Heirs Males of her Body to be preferred and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body: And for Default of such Issue, then to continue, remain, be vested in, and held and enjoyed by the first Daughter of the Body of the said Lady Mary Montagu begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Body of such first Daughter begotten: And for want of such Issue, 'then to continue, remain:, be vested in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters' of the Body of tfle laid ladytfory Montagu begotten, severally and successively, one after the other, as they shall be ih Priprity of Birth;: the elder of such daughters, and the Heirs males'.of her Body to be preferred and take before the younger, of such Daughters', and the Heirs Males of her Body: And for Default of such Issue, then to continue, remain, bevelled in, and held and.enjoyed by alland every Daughter and Daughters of every other Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough to be begottenj severally and successively they shall be in Priority of Birth, and, 'the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies' issuing; the elder Daughter of, every such Daughter, and the Heirs Males of her Body to be preferred and take before, the iyouiiger Of such Daughters, and the' Heirs Males of her Body; the Daughter and Daughters of the elder of such hereafter to be born Daughters', and!the1 Heirs Males of her and their respective Bodies issuing, to be preferred and take in manner aforesaid, before the Daughter and Daughters of che.'younger of such after born Daughters': And for Default of such Issue, to all and every other the Issue Male and Female lineally defeending off or from the said duke of 'marlborough, in such Manner, and for such Estate, as the same are before limited to the before mentioned issue of the said Duke, it being intended, and hereby enacted, That the said Honours hall continue, remain, and be vested in all the issue.of the said Duke, so long as any such Issue Male or Female shall continue, and be held and enjoyed by them severally and successively, in Mariner and form aforesaid; the elder and the Defendants of every elder Issue to be preferred before the younger of such Issue'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Daughters of the said Duke of Marlborough, and the Heirs Males of their respectivd Bodies, and all and every the Daughters of each and every Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough, and the Heirs Males of their respectivh Bodies, and all other Persons, to whom the said Honours, Titles and Dignities shall come,: and when, and as the same shall.come unto them respectively, according to the Limitations in this Aril, shall in all af fembljcs and Places, have and eryoy the same Place' and Precedence the said Duke bf Marlborough, or any the Heirs Males of his Body hath or ought to have or enjoy, by virtue of the said Letters Patent bearing date the said fourteenth, Day o December, in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign'. '

Fritaifof the i III Arid to the Intent that the Honour, 'Manor, and Park, of Woodstock in the county of Oxford, and w°m'°k*the House nowerc&ing there, 1' called Blenheim, 'and the Htindress bt whotion In the; laid county, and bledbeirohouse other the manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, which in and by certain sn<) the Hundred Letters Patents under the Great Seal bf England, bearing date the fifth daybf 'May in the fourth of Woattbn. '> ' Year of h'er'majesty's Reign, were by her Majesty, pursuant to an at of Parliament passed in the'; 'ut' i*then last Session of Parliament, granted tb the said Duke of Marlborough and his Heirs, and the Advow fnne f hprphte o rnnmrl. nrav always' trn nlrvrur nnh' hr pni/nvph lirif h tvip rt iflpc Hnnhitrol and "Dignities

That the said. Woodstock; Manors,

House and Premises, 'granted by the said last mentioned Letters Patents for and during the term of his neural Life, without Impeachment of Waste; front and after his Decease the same shall be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by Sarah Duchess of Marlborough, Wife of the said duke, for and during the Term of her nhtytral Life'; and from and after her Decease the same shall be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by the Heirs maids of the Body of: the said Duke of Marlboriugh 'begotten: and for Default of such Issue, then thp famb hall be and remain urito; and be held and enjoyed by all and every the' Daughters' of the said Duke of Marlborough, 'and the Heirs Males of their re sperilive Bodies, issuing, and.all others severally and successively, in such Mariher as the said Titles, ho pours and Dignities aforesaid are herein before expressed and limited to go, and be enjoyed, 'I

'*' 1 3'. 'U

- r' 'ny, And

Daltes Daughters to whom the said Honours shall come, to have the same Place and precedence, ea.

D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Reginae. C 4. 217

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duke of Marlborough, and after Duke ny gran his Deeeafe, the said Duchess of Marlborough, shall have full Power and Authority, by Deed indented, l.e3rf)c: !n, V to make any Lease or Leases in Possession, of all or any of the said Manors, Hundred, messuages, Lands, excep^of Tenements and Hereditaments aforesaid (other than and except the House called Bhinheim, and the Park House ant Park of Woodjloek) for any Number of Years, not exceeding one and twenty Years, or for any Number of for 21 Years. Years determinable upon one, two, or three Lives, reserving the best and most improved Rent that can

then be had for the same, without taking any.'fine.

V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said Duke Neither the of Marlborough, or the Heirs Males of his Body, nor any of his Daughters, or the Heirs Males of their Duke nor his Bodies, or any other Person to whom the premisses shall come or defeend by virtue of the Limitations ars a aforesaid, shall have any Power by Fine or Recovery, or any other Act, Assurance or Conveyance in or^hom the the Law, to hinder, bar, or disinherit any the Person or Persons to or upon whom the said Manors, Premises are House, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments or premisses, are hereby veiled or limited, from holding or limited from enjoying ths same, according to the Limitations before in this act mentioned, other than and except enjoying the such Leases as the said Duke and Duchess may make, by virtue of the Powers herein before mentioned, same and such other Leases as Tenants in Tail may and are enabled to make, by virtue of the Statute made

in the two and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and Grants of Lands or Tene jxh. 8. C isy ments held by Copy of Court Roll, according to the Customs of the respective Manors aforesaid; all such Fines, Recoveries, Act, Assurances and Conveyances, other than such Leases, and Grants by Copy, as aforesaid, shall be, and are hereby declared and enacted to be void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed, Act to be a

and taken, in all Cases, and in all Courts and Places, a public Act. pubba AO.

7 > 7..*See the next

Chapter for settling an Annuity on the Duke, and I Geo. X ft 2, C I 2a for paying the Arrears due for building Blenheim Housew

CAP. IV.

An Act for settling upon John Duke of Marlborough and his Posterity, a Pension of five thousand Pounds per Annum, for the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner as his Honours and Dignities, and the Honour and Manor of ffoodftcck, and House of blew helm, are already limited and settled.

Tk S OST gracious Sovereign, Whereas the most noble John Duke of Marlborough, was by several 3^4am. C 9. ' 1VJL Letters Patents, created Baron Churchill of Sandridge, and Earl of Marlborough, to him and the 5 einn. t. 3,

Heirs Males of his Body: And tjy other Letters Patents, bearing Date the fourteenth Day of December in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, in Consideration of his great and eminent Services to your Majesty and your Allies, as well by his prudent Negotiations as your majesty's Plenipotentiary at the Hague, where to the mutual Advantage of your Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces, he settled an entire Confidence between your Majesty and the States General, as by his Valour and good conduct in the Command of the Confederate Armies abroad, was created Marcjuifs of Bland ford, and Duke of Marlborough, to him and the Heirs Males of his Body: And whereas by other Let ters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the two and twentieth Day of December in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, your Majesty was graciously pleased, as a further Mark of your royal Favour and Satisfaction with his Services aforesaid, and for the better Support of his said Dignity,

4 to give and grant unto the said John Duke of acarlboraugh, one Annuity or yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds of lawful English Money, to be issuing and payable out of the Rents, Issues, Profits, jooool. per An 4 Incomes, Revenues, Sum and Sums of Money whatsoever, due and payable, or which should from num granted to time to time arise, grow due, or be payable out of, by, or in respect of your majesty's General Letter t!le ?uke °[

Office, Postoffice, or Office of Poll Mailer General, or for or by reason of the Portage or Carriage of cutof thevoii Letters, Packets, or other things within your majesty's Kingdom of England, or elsewhere, to have, office,

receive and enjoy the said Annuity or yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds, unto the said John Duke of Marlborough, and the Heirs Males of his Body, for and during your majesty's natural Life, the same during the to be computed from the Feast of St. Adichacl the Archangel then last part, and to be paid quarterly at queen's Life.

the four most usual Feasts or Terms in the Year (that is to say) the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions: And whereas an Act passed in the third Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better enabling her Majesty to grant the Honour Annie; ?.6. 4 and Manor of Woodstock, with the Hundred of Wootton, to the Duke of Marlborough and his Heirs, in Consideration of the eminent Services by him performed' to her Majejh and the Public, wherein 'tis mentioned and recited, That the eminent and unparallel'd Services of the said Duke to your Majesty and the Preamble of Crown of England, were well known, not only to your Majesty, and all your Subjects, but to all Eu the at robe, and that the Alliances which your majesty's royal Brother King William the Third, of glorious The Duke of Memory, had, in a little Time before his Death, contracted, by the Ministry of the said Duke, as his marlborough's Majesty's Ambaffa or extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to the States General of the United Provinces, Services,

for preserving the Liberties of Europe against the Ambition of France, were immediately after your Majesty's happy Accession to the Throne, by the said Duke, then employed by your Majesty in the same 4 C ia acter, _ confirmed and improved, and that others were contracted, whereby the Confederacy, which had been Jiffoived at the End of the last War, was re unit; d in a stricter and firmer League j and that vol.1v. Ff in

2i8 C 4- Anno quinto anne Reginae. A.D. 1706.

in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, the said Duke of Marlborough had so well executed his Com

of captain-general and Commander in Chief of your majesty's Forces, that he not only secured

extended the Frontier of Holland, by taking the Towns and Fortresses of Vcnlo, Ruremond, Stcven

swart and Liege, but soon obliged the Enemy, (who had been at the Gates of Nemeghen) to seek Shelter behind their Lines; and in the next Campaign, by taking Bon, Huy, and Limburg, added all the Coun

try between the Rhine and the Maes to the Conquests of the preceding Year and that in the memora ble Year one thousand seven hundred and four, when your Majesty was generously pleased to take the Resolution of refciting the Empire from that immediate Ruin, to which, by the Defection of the Elec for of Bavaria, it was exposed, the Measures, which by your majesty's Wisdom and Goodness had been devised and concerted, were pursued by the said Duke with the utmost Diligence, Secrecy, and

good Conduct, in leading the Forces of your Majesty and your Allies, by a long and difficult March,

to the Banks of the Danube; where the said Duke immediately upon his Arrival did attack and force

Battle of Schel the Bavarians, (assisted by the French) in their strong Intrenchments at Schellenbergl), passed the Danube, lenbergh. ' distressed the Country of Bavaria, and a second Time sought the Enemy, who had been reinforced by a ' Royal Army of the French King's belt Troops, commanded by a Marshal of France, and on the second Bntleof Blein Day of Atmijl one thousand seven hundred and four, after a bloody Battle at Blsinhcim, f although the' ' Enemy had the Advantage of Number and Situation) gain'd the most absolute and glorious Vidbory as

had been recorded in the History of any Age, by which Bavaria being entirely reduced, and Ratisbon,

Augsbourgh, Uhn, Memminghen, and other Imperial Towns recovered, the Liberty of the Diet and the

Peace of the Empire were restored, and Landau, Trceves, and Traarbach being taken, the War was car

into the Dominions of France; all which happy Achievements of the said Duke apparently tended,

not only to the Honour and Safety of your Majesty and your Subjects, and of their Posterity, but also

towards the future Tranquillity of Europe, and that your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, thought themselves thereupon obliged in an humble Ad ' dress to your Majesty, to express their Serife of the said glorious Victories, and humbly to desire your Majesty, That you would be graciously pleased to consider of some proper Means to perpetuate the Me 4 mory of such signal Services; and that your Majesty was thereupon pleased to signify your Intention to

Honour of grant the Interest of the Crown in the Honour and Manor of ivoodjhck and Hundred of tvootton to the

Woodstock, f; C C said Duke and his Heirs; whereupon at the humble Petition of your majesty's most dutiful and loyal

Commons, it was enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for your Majesty by any Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of England, to give and grant unto the said job?i dike of Marlborough,

and his Heirs and Assigns for ever, all that the said Honour and Manor of Woodstock, and the Hundred of tvootton, and the Park of ivoodjhck in the County of Oxon, and diverse other Manors, Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said recited Act particularly mentioned or described;

to be held of your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, as of your Castle of tvindfor, in free and common Soccage, by Fealty, rendering to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, on the second Day of

Tenure, C August yearly for ever, at your said Castle of tvindfor, one Standard or Colours with three Flower de Luces painted thereupon, for all Manner of Rents, Services, Exactions, and Demands whatsoever:

In pursuance of which said Act of Parliament, your Majesty by your Letters Patents, bearing Date the -fifth Day of May in the fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, was graciously pleased to grant all

that the said Honour and Manor of tvoodjlock and Hundred of tvootton, and diverse other Manors, Mef. ' fuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in the said Letters Patents particularly mentioned, r*or described, to the said Duke of Marlborough, his Heirs and Assigns for ever: And whereas in the

Beginning of the Year one thousand seven hundred and five, the said Duke of Marlborough led your majesty's Forces, and those of the Allies, to the moj elle, where, by the Progress made in the preceding

Year, a fair Profpefit was afforded of removing the War from the Countries of yotlr Allies, into the enemy's own Territories, but that great Deiign, through unforeseen Accidents, was rendered impradlica

*ble; and the Enemy taking Advantage of the Remoteness of our said General, and the Troops under his Command, press'd the Armies of the States General, which were left for the Defence of their Fron

tiers, with a superior Force: On this extraordinary Occasion, the Duke shew'd all the Parts of a great Captain, and at the same Time the Zeal he had for your majesty's Service, and true Regard to your '.allies; by a speedy March he returned to the Maes, where a new Face of Affairs immediately appear.

and your majesty's good Allies the States General were delivered from the Uneasiness they were

under, Leige was relieved, Huy retaken, and the Enemies obliged to retire behind their Lines, which they thought impregnable: But the said Duke, with a surprising Conduct and Bravery, on the seventh

lines forced. 6 Day of July one thousand seven hundred and five, with an inconsiderable Loss, forced the same, defeat

ed great Part of the enemy's Forces, and obliged their whole Army to a precipitate Retreat; and al though all the Advantages were not obtained which the Duke had proposed to himself from that Success,

yet it confirmed the Minds of your majesty's Allies, and produced that happy Consequence of the

duke's being intruded with such a Power, as j*ave him an Opportunity of performing those great Acffi

*ons, which were executed in the last glorious Campaign; in which the Enemy confiding in the Superi

ority of their Army, composed of their choicest Troops, gave the Duke of Marlbororough an Opportunity Battle oi ramtl of attacking them, which he did at Ramellies, on the twelfth Day of May one thousand seven hundred

lies' ' and six, with such Resolution and Conduct, that in two Hours Time he obtained a most complete and

glorious victory, arh prosecuted his Advantage without any Intermission during the whole Campaign: '..the Battle of Ramellies was followed by the immediate Surrender of Louvain, Brussels, Malines, Litre,

Gant, Oudenard, Antwerp, Dam, Bruges, and Courtray, and the taking of ojlend, 'Alenin, Dendermond,

and

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto Ann«Regina?. C 4. 219

and Aeth; most of which Places had heretofore employed the greatest Generals whole Campaigns in their Sieges: And thus almost the entire Spanish Netherlands, which had been contended for so many 5 Anns, C 3. ' Ages, were conquered in one Summer: And whereas by an al passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the settling of the Honours and Dignities of John Duke e/'marlborough upon his po/lerity, and annexing the Honour and Manor a Wood flock, and Hoitfe a/'bleinheim, to go along with the said Honours, it was for perpetuating the Memory of the several great Actions performed by the said Duke, and for settling and continuing the abovementioned several Titles and Honours, and the Right of Precedence, in his Posterity, amongst diverse other Things therein contained, enacted, That in De tntail of the fault of Heirs Males of the Body of the said Duke of Marlborough issuing, the States, Degree, Styles, Duke of Marl Titles, Dignities, and Honours aforesaid, should continue, remain, be veiled in, and ilrould be held bor'>ush'!

and enjoyed by the Lady Harriott, eldest Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough, and Wife of Francisnour: '

Godolphin Esquire, Son and Heir Apparent of Sidney Lord Godolphin, Lord High Treasurer of England,

and the Heirs Males of her Body begotten; and for Default of such Issue, (hold continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed By Anne Countess of Sunderland., second Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough, and Wife of Charles Earl of Sunderland, and the Heirs Males of her Body begotten; and for Default of such issue, should continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by Elizabeth Countess of Bridgwater, third Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough, and Wife of Seroope Earl of Bridgivater, and the Heirs Males of her Body begotten; and for Default of such issue, should continue,

remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the Lady Mary, youngest Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough, and Wife of John Montagu, Esq; called Marquis of Montbermer, Son and Heir Apparent of Ralph Duke of Montagu, and the Heirs Males of her Body begotten; and for Default of such issue,

then to continue, remain, and be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the said Duke of Marlborough to be begotten, severally and successively one after the other, as they shall be in Priority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies issuing; the elder of such Daughters and the Heirs Males of her Body, to be preferred, and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body; and for Default of such issue, then to continue,

remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the first Daughter of the Body of the said Lady Harriott Godolphin begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Body of such first Daughter begotten; and for Default of such issue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said Lady Harriott Godolphin, severally and successively one after the other, as they shall be in Priority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies if suing; the elder of such Daughters and the Heirs Males of her Body, to be preferred and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body; and for Default of such issue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the first Daughter of the Body of the said Anne Countess of Sunderland begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Body of such first Daughter begotten; and for want of such issue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said Anne Countess of Sunderland begotten, feve

rally and successively one after the other, as they shall be in Priority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of

their respective Bodies issuing; the elder of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body, to be pre ferred, and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body; and for De ' fault of such issue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by the first Daughter of the Body of the said Elizabeth Countess of Bridgwater begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Body of such first Daughter begotten; and for want of such Issue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and

held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said Elizabeth, .

Countess of Bridgwater begotten, severally and successively one after the other, as they shall be in Pri

ority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies issuing; the elder, of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body, to be preferred and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body; and for Defaulc of such issue, then to continue, remain, bevelled in, and

held and enjoyed by the first Daughter of the Body of the said Lady Mary Montagu begotten, and the

Heirs Males of the Body of such first Daughter begotten; and for want of such issue, then to continue,

remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every other the Daughter and Daughters of the Body of the said Lady Mary Montagu begotten, severally and successively one after the other, as they shall be in Priority of Birth; the elder of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body, to preferred, and take before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body; and for Default of such Issue, then to continue, remain, be veiled in, and held and enjoyed by all and every Daughter and Daughters of every other Daughter of the said Duke of Marlborough to be begotten, severally and successively, as they shall be in Priority of Birth, and the Heirs Males of their respective Bodies issuing;

1 the elder Daughter of every such Daughter, and the Heirs Males of her Body, to be preferred and tak

before the younger of such Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her Body; the Daughter and Daughters of the elder of such then after to be born Daughters, and the Heirs Males of her and their respective Bo ' dies issuing, to be preferred and take in Manner aforesaid, before the Daughter and Daughters of the younger of such after born Daughters; and for Default of such Issue, to all and every other the Issue

Male and Female lineally defeending of or from the said Duke of Marlborough, in such Manner, and 1 ' for such Ellate, as the same are by the said Act limited to the before mentioned Issue of the said Duke;

it being intended, and thereby eiiafted, That the sail Honours should continue, remain, and be veiled in all the Issue of the said Duke, so long as any such Issue Male or Female shall continue, and be held and enjoyed by them severally and successively, in Manner and so»m aforesaid; elder and the Def feendants.

220 C 4.

Anno quinto anne Reginas*

A.D. 1706.

Intaii of wood flock, Blcinheiir, 'ana Vvoolton.

of every elder Issue to be preferred before the younger of such Iifuc: And to the Intent that the said Honour, Manor, and Parle of Woodstock, and the House erecting the re, called Bleinheim, and the Hundred of jvootton, and all other the Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, which in and by the said Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the said fifth Day of May in the fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, were by your Majesty, pursuant to the said Act of Parliament passed in the third Year of your majesty's Reign, granted to the said Duke of Marlborough, and his Heirs, and the Advowsons by the said Letters Patents also granted, might always go along, and be enjoyed with the 'Pities, Honours, and Dignities as aforesaid, as therein after is mentioned, it was thereby further enacted, That the said Duke of Marlborough should stand and be seized of all the said Honour, Manor, and Park of Wood flock. Manors, House, and Premilles, granted by the said last mentioned Letters Patents, during his Life, without Impeachment of Waste; and from and after his de cease, that the same Should be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by Sarah Duchess of Marlborough, Wife of the said Duke, for and during the Term of her natural Life; and from and after her Decease, the same should be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by the Heirs Males of the Body of the said Duke of Marlborough begotten; and for Default of such Issue, that then the same Should be and remain unto, and be held and enjoyed by all and every the Daughter's of the said Duke of Marlborough, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies bluing, and all others severally and successively, in' such Manner as the said Titles, Honours and Dignities aforesaid are therein before expressed and limited to go, and be enjoyed: And 'twas thereby provided and enacted, That neither the said Duke of mtrlbo rough, or the Heirs Male of his Body, nor any of his Daughters, or the Heirs Males of their Bodies, or any other Person to whom the Premitfes should come or defeend by Virtue of the Limitations aforesaid, Should have any Power, by Fine or Recovery, or any other AG, Assurance, or Conveyance in the Law, to hinder, bar or disinherit any the Person or Persons to or upon whom the said Manors, House, Lands, " Tenements, Hereditaments, orpremifles, were thereby veiled or limited, from holding or enjoying the same, according, to the Limitations in the said AG mentioned (other than and except such Leases as the said Duke and Duchess might make, by Virtue of the Powers therein before mentioned, and such other Leases as Tenants in Tail might and were enabled to make, by Virtue of the Statute made in the two and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, and Grants of Lands or Tenements held by Copy of court roll, according to the Customs of the respective Manors aforesaid) but that all such Fines, Recoveries, AG, Assurances, and Conveyances, other than such Leases and Grants by Copy, as aforesaid, Should be, and were thereby declared and enacted to be void., And whereas we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Commons, taking into our Consideration the many eminent Services of the Paid Duke of Marlborough, whereby the Glory of your majesty's Government, the Honour and Safety of your Kingdoms, and the Interest of the common Cause have been so highly advanced, did with all sub million address ourselves to your majesty's moll sacred Person, humbly to desire, That as your Majesty is, at your Expense, graciously pleased to ereg the House of Bleinheim as a Monument of his glorious Actions, and the House of Peers, by your majesty's Permission, have given Rise to the said Act passed in this present Session for continuing his Honours to his Posterity, we your majesty's moll obedient Commons might be permitted to express our Sense of so distinguishing a Merit, and our ready disposition to enable your Majesty to make some Provision for the more honourable Support of his Dignities in his Posterity, in such Manner as Should be moll agreeable to your Majesty, whereby the Gratitude of this whole Kingdom might remain upon Record to After ages, and encourage others te follow his great Example; to which Address your Majesty was pleased to return this most gracious Answer, That your Majesty, in Consideration of the great and eminent Services performed by the said Duke in the first Year of your Reign, as well by his prudent Negotiations as your majesty's Plenipotentiary at the Hague, as by his Valour and good condug in the Command of the confederate Armies abroad, thought fit to grant to him and the Heirs Male of his Body, the Title of a Duke of this Realm.; and as a further Mark of your Favour and Satisfaction with his Services, and for the better Support of his Dignity, your Majesty had granted to the said Duke and the Heirs Male of his Body, during your Majesty's Life, a Pension of five thousand Pounds joer Annum out of the Revenue of the Poll Office; and "* that an AG having passed this Sessions for settling the Honours and Dignities of the said Duke upon his Posterity, and annexing the Honour and Manor of jvookjhck and House of Bleinheim to go alone with the said Plonours; it would be very agreeable to your Majesty, if the Pension of five thousand Pounds "* per Annum be continued and limited by Act of Parliament to his Posterity, fer the more honourable Support of their Dignities, in like Manner, as his Honours and the Honour and Manor of Woodstock H and House of Bleinheim are already limited and settled: We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, duly considering your majesty's most gracious Answer, and also the wise Provision made by your Majesty, through your majesty's abundant Grace and Goodness to your People, by an AG passed in the first Year of your majesty's Reign, for preserving the Inheritance of the Several Revenues of the Crown, think ourselves obliged to transmit to all succeeding Times the Memory of so many glorious agions, together with the just Sense of the Kingdom, after what Manner such transcendent Merit ought to be rewarded; 'And thereupon do most humbly be deech your Majesty that it may be enaged; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advise and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, 'in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in lieu of the said Annuity dr yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds by the said Letters Patents, bearing Dace the two and twentieth the" Duke during ay °*- Decembers the first Year of your majesty's Reign, granted; to the said Duke of Marlborough, and the queen's the Heirs Males of his Body, during your majesty's lile.as aforesaid, which said Pension is from hence lue, forth

32 H. 8. e, 28.

Address of the House of com ttions.

Arrears due for thrs Work provided for by 1 Geo. 1. fiat. z. C xz. f, 34.

The queen's Answw.

In'licuof the 50001. per Annum granted to

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Regime. C 4. 221

forth to cease and determine, one Annuity or yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds of lawful Money 50001. ptran of England, shall be issuing and payable out of, and charged and chargeable upon all the Revenues and numtobepaid Moneys arising, due and payable, or which shall arise, grow due, or be payable by virtue or in pursuance out of the Poll of an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty's Royal Uncle King office' Charles the Second, of blessed Memory, intituled An Aid for erecting andejlablishing a Post Office, or ucar. ic. 5 j., by virtue, or in pursuance of any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, for establishing, vetting,

or settling the Revenue of the General Letter Office, or Postoffice, or Office of Poll: Mailer General in the Crown, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the said Office or Revenue: And the same quarterly, shall from time to Time be paid quarterly, at the four moult usual Feasts, or Days of Payment in the Year,

tthat Js to say) the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of Saint John the Baptisf, the call of Saint Michael the Archangel, and the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ, in Manner and.

Form following, (that is to lay) to the said Duke of Marlborough, for and during, the Term of his to the Duke, Set. natural Life, and from and after his Decease to Sarah Duchess of Marlborough, Wife of the said Duke, and all others, C for and during the Term of her natural Life; and from and after her Decease, to the Heirs Male of the in theftmeman body of the said Duke of Marlborough begotten; and for Default of such Issue, to all and every the ec" arc'/mitt d Daughters of the said Duke of Marlborough, and the Heirs Male of their respective Bodies issuing, and to all others severally and successively, in such Manner as the said Titles, Honours, and Dignities aforesaid, are by the said Act made in this present Session of Parliament, expressed and limited to go and be enjoyed.,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Annuity, or yearly Pension of How and by five thousand Pounds hereby enabled to be paid, as aforesaid, shall be paid by the immediate Hands of all whom the said and every the Commissioners, Perfl Mailers, Farmers, Treasurers., Receivers, and Collectors for the a"nultyftall be Time being of the said Revenues respectively, by Authority of this Act, without any further or other pa: '

Warrant, Order, or Direction to be obtained for that Purpose, and without any Fees or Charges to be demanded or taken for paying the same, or any Part thereof, unto the said John Duke of Marlborough, and to all others fsverall.y and successiyely to whom the same shall, after the' Decease of the said Duke, come, defeend, remain, or belong by virtue of this Act, when and as they shall respectively become intituled to receive the same, at the aforesaid four moll usual Feasts or Days of Payment rin the Year; the first of the said Payments to be made on the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary now next ensuing, and the Payment of the said Annuity, or yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds herein before enabled to be paid, as aforesaid, shall not at any Time hereafter be Hopped or delayed by any Order or Direction whatsoever: And if the said Commissioners, Poll Mailers, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors for the Time being of the said Revenues, or any of them shall refuse or neglect to pay the said Annuity, or yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds hereby enabled to be paid, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, to the said Duke of Marlborough, or any other Person to whom the same after the Decease of the said Duke shall come, defeend, remain, or belong, by virtue of this Act, rthen the said Duke and.

every other Person respectively, being intituled to receive the same, as aforesaid, may sue, prosecute, and implead the said Commissioners., Poll Mailers, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers General, and Collectors,

or any of diem, and all or any of their Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, by Bill, Plaint,

or Action of Debt, and shall and may recover Judgments, and sue out Executions thereupon, against the said Commissioners, Poll Mailers, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors respectively, and their respective Securities, Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, for such Sum and Sums of Money then due and owing upon the said Annuity or yearly Pension, as shall been the Hands of the said of Poll Mailers, Farmers, Treasurers, Receivers, and Collectors respectively of the said Revenue, at the Time when Demand shall be made of the Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Pension, or any Part thereof, or of any Arrears thereof.

III. And his hereby further enacted, That the Acquittance or Acquittances of the said Duke, duke's acrjuit and of every other Person to whom the said Annuity or yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds, 3 fucitn{ after the Decease of the said Duke, shall come, defeend, remain, or belong, by virtue of this Act, 1 C expressing the Receipt of any Sum or Sums of Money in pursuance of this Act, lht.ll be a good and sufficient Voucher and discharge for the Payment thereof, and every such Payment shall be allowed upon the respective Account and Accounts of the aforesaid Officer and Officers, Person or Persons paying the same, without any further or other Warrant or Authority whatsoever to be had or obtained for that Purpose.

IV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That neither the said Duke Neither theduke of Marlborough, or.any other Person to whom the said Annuity or yearly Pension of five thousand Pounds r bar an hereby enabled to be paid., as aforesaid, shall come, defeend, remain, or belong, by virtue of the limi ancy tations aforesaid, shall have Power by any Act, Assurance or Conveyance in the Law whatsoever, to whom the an hinder, bar, or disinherit any the Person or Persons, to whom the said Annuity or yearly Pension is by nuity is limited virtue of this Act limited or appointed to come, defeend or remain, from holding, enjoying receiving, or {lom receiving taking the same according to the limitations thereof made by this Act, but that every such Act, Assurance, the fdsne' or Conveyance, shall be, and is hereby declared and enabled to be, void.

V. Provided always, That nothing in this present Act contained, shall extend, or be conllrued to not t&prejufiiee takeaway, interrupt or prejudice the payment.of any Annuity, Pension, or yearly Sum of Money what the paym.cnt<'f soever, issuing or payable out of, or charged or chargeable upon the said Revenue of the Poll Office, able^utof th" granted or confirmed by or in pursuance of any Act or Acts of.parliament, or by any letters Patents un pa Office, der the Great Seal of England, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, (except the said yearly Pension of ffive thousand Pounds granted by the said Letters Patents, bearing date the said.two and twentieth Day of

December

222 C 5, 6. Anno quinto anne Reginae. A.D. 1706.

December in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, to the said Duke and the Heirs Males of his Body during her Majesty's Life, as aforesaid) but that every such Annuity Pension, or yearly Sum (except before excepted) shall continue, remain, and be payable as if this Act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

A tote a put

VI. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be adjudged, deemed,

[Public Act.]

lick Act. and taken in all Cases, and in all Courts, and Places, to be a

See 1 Geo. j,

St, 2. ct is, 34. for satisfying Arrears for Work, cat Blenheim, «J j

CAP. V.

EXP, An Act for securing the Church of England as by Law established. Acts 13 Eliz. C 12. and

13 and 14 Car. 2. C 4. C to be in Force for ever. queen's successors at their Coronation to take an Oath to maintain the Church of England, ts'e. 'i his Act to be for ever an essential Part of any Treaty of Union, is'e.

This Act is inserted in the Act of the Union, C 8, and is therefore omitted here

CAP. VI.

An Act for repealing a Clause in an Act, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing Felons that commit Burglaries, house breaking, or Robberies in Shops, tvare houses, coach houses, or Stables, or that Jleal Horses.

su&iiw. 3. ' "WHEREAS y an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King wilmam C*the Third, intituled, An Act for the better apprehending, prosecuting, and punishing Felons that commit

Burglaries, house breaking, or Robbery in Shops, tvare houses, coach houses, or Stables, or that Jleal Horses, it is (amongst other Things) enacted, That from and after the twentieth Day of May one. thousand six hundred ninety-nine, all and every Person and Persons, who should be convicted of or for any Theft or Larceny, and should have the Benefit of the Clergy allowed thereupon, or ought to be burnt in the Hand for such Offence, instead of being burnt in the Hand, should be burnt in the noil visible Part of the left Cheek nearest the Nose: whereas it hath been found by Experience, that the said Punishment hath not had its desired Effect, by deterring such Offenders from the further committing such Crimes and Offences, but on the contrary, such Offenders being rendered thereby unfit to be entrusted in any Service or Employment to get their Livelihood in any honest and lawful Way, become the more desperate; 'it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad Clause for born vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem ing of Offenders bled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the fourteenth Day of February which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and six, so much of the said Act as inflifts or concerns the inflicting the said Punishment of burning in the Cheek, shall be and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any Person or Persons shall, from and after the said fourteenth Day of February, be convicted of any Theft or Larceny, and shall have the Benefit of this Act allowed thereupon, or ought by the Laws in rorce before the making the said Act, to be burned in the Hand for such Offence, shall be burnt in the Hand, as formerly they should or ought to have been before the making of the said Act; and the Judge or Justices before whom such Offender or Offenders shall he tried and convicted, shall also, at his or their discretiort, award and give Judgement, That such Offender and Offenders shall be committed to some House of ccr rection or public work house within the County', Cfiy, Town, or Place where such Conviction shall be, there to be, remain, and be kept, without Bail or Mainprize, for such Time as such Judge or Justices shall then judge and award, not less than six Months, and not exceeding two Years, to be accounted

from the Time of such Conviction, and an entry thereof shall be made of Record, pursuant to such

Judgement and Award, and such Offender and Offenders so judged and awarded to remain and be kept in such House of Correction or public Workhouse, shall be there set at Work, and kept at hard Labour for and during such Time as shall be so adjudged and recorded; and in case such Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to work and Labour as they ought to do, the Master or Keeper of such House of Correction or public work house respectively, is hereby required to give such Persons such due Correction as shall be fit and lrecessary in that Behalf.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Offender or Offenders

tiken tobecom after such Judgement given, escape out ofprilon, or out of such House of Correction or public

reitud to Work Workhouse, as he, she, or they shall be committed unto, as aforesaid, such Person or Persons, being nf house for twelve terwards retaken, shall be brought before some or one of her Majesty's Judges, or before two or more ju

iionthsj&c. ftices of the Peace (whereof one to be of the Quorum) of such County, City, Town, or Place, where

such Offender or Offenders shall be so retaken; which Judge or Justices are hereby required to commit such Offender and Offenders to some House of Correction or public Workhouse, within such County', City, Town, or Place, where he, she, or they shall be so retaken, there to remain without Bail or main prize for any Time not less than twelve Months, and not exceeding four Years, to be accounted from and kept it hard the Time of such retaking, and there be let at work and kept at hard Labour, and receive such due cor labour, rection,

ft Cheek repealed

Offenders to be burnt in the Hand as formerly J

And eomnrqtted to Workhouse, &c.for 6monthsa See,

Penalty on such afrefule to work.

If Offenders

223

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto Ann: Reginae. C 7, 8.

rection, as aforesaid; and in Case any Mailer or Keeper of any House of Correction, or public work house, shall neglect to do his Duty, as above directed, any Judge or Justice of Assize or Gaol Delivery, upon Complaint, and due Proof thereof upon the Oath of one or more Witnesses to him made, shall be and is hereby empowered to remove every such Person from his said Office.

IV. And forasmuch as when any Person is convicted for any Felony within the Benefit of Clergy, Felons convia,

upon his Prayer to have the Benefit thereof allowed to him, it hath been used to administer a Book

to him to try whether he can read as a Clerk, which by Experience is found to be of no use°u* bin Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said fourteenth Day of Fe red to read, C bruory, if any Person be convicted of any such Felony, for which he ought to have had the Benefit of his For farther Pro clcrgy if this Act had not been made, and shall pray to have the Benefit of this Act, he shall not be re 'dating quired to read, but without any reading, shall be allowed, taken, and reputed to be, and punished as,

Clerk convict, which shall be as effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and be as advantageous to him, ssy.v.7. % g«. as if he had read as a Clerk; anything in this Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary not i.e.ii. and 6 withstanding. Gen. i. C 13.

CAP. VII.

An Act for regulating and ascertaining the Duties to be paid by the unfreemen Importers of Coals into PR, the Port and Borough of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk. From 25 March 1707, Persons not Freemen of Corporation of Great Yarmouth, may import and tell Coals there, paying 6 d. per Chalder, and 6 d. oh. per Chalder, for Ballast. On paying Rate, Corporation to furnish Importers with Ballast.

Importers, C not Freemen, to pay 4 r. 6 d. for Pilottage, itfe. besides a Halfpenny per Chalder Coal Tunnage. All Persons except Freemen to pay the Duties, C Ships Tackle, C may be detained for Duties not paid, and Distress sold, ifc. Not to impeach Duties granted by 10 & n W. 3. C 5,

Sixty Pounds yearly payable out of Duties, C to Chamberlain of Norwich, for cleansing and depthning the Rivers Yarr, Wavency, and the North River, is'e. ro & 11 W. 3. C 5. Mayor, sv. of Norwich in Common Council to dispose of the M'nies, C Mayor, &c. of Norwich may levy Money by Warrant, &c.

Proviso for cleansing the River to Dilbam. Not to alter 16 Car. 2. Saving of Right to all Persons, ic.

VIII

An Act for an Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS rticles of Union were agreed on, the twenty second Day of July in the fifth Year

W of your majesty's Reign, by the Commissioners nominated on Behalf of the Kingdom of Eng

under your majesty's great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the tenth Day of April then last past, in pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in England, in the third Year of your Ma

Reign, and the Commissioners nominated on the Behalf of the Kingdom of Scotland, under your

majesty's Great Seal of Scotland, bearing date the twenty seventh Day of February in the fourth Year

of your majesty's Reign, in pursuance of the fourth Act of the third Session of the present Parliament of Scotland, to treat of and concerning an union of the said Kingdoms: And whereas an Act hath passed in the Parliament of Scotland, at Edinburgh, the sixteenth Day of January in the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, wherein 'tis mentioned, "that the Estates of Parliament considering the said Articles i of Union of the two Kingdoms, had agreed to and approved of the said Articles of Union, with some Additions and Explanations, and that your Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Estates of par i liament, for establishing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government within the King

of Scotland, had passed in the same Session of Parliament an Act, intituled, An Act for the Jc ' curing of the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government, which by the Tenor thereof

was appointed to be inserted in any Act ratifying the Treaty, and express, declared to be a ' Fundamental and Essential Condition of the said Treaty or Union in all Times coming: The ' Tenor of which Articles, as ratified and approved of, with Additions and Explanations by the said Act of Parliament of Scotland, follows:

ARTICLE I.

THAT the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland shall upon the first Day of May which shall be Union of the two in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and for ever after, be united into one Kingdom Kingdoms, by the Name of Great Britain; and that the Ensigns Armorial of the said united Kingdom he such as her Ensigns Armo majesty shall appoint, and the Crosses of St. George and St. Andrew be conjoined in such Manner as herr>al*

Majesty shall think fit, and used in all Flags, Banners, Standards and Ensigns. both at Sea and Land.

ARTICLE II

That the Succession of the Monarchy to the united Kingdom of Great Britain, and of the Dominions Successiontothe thereto belonging, after her most sacred Majesty, and in Default of Issue of her Majesty, be, remain, Monarchy, and continue to the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electorefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body being Protestants, upon whom the Crown of England is settled by an Act of Parliament made in England in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, end better securing the Rights and Liberties of the 12 & 13w. 3j subjc3a And that all Papists, and Persons marrying Papists, shall be excluded from, and for ever incapa C

kj^.pjoifts excluded.

224 C 8. Anno quinto Annje Reginae. A.D. 1706.

blc to inherit, possess, or enjoy the Imperial Crown of Great Britain, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, or any Part thereof; and in every such Case the Crown and Government hall from time to time defeend to, and be enjoyed by such Person being a Protestant, as should have inherited and enjoyed the same in case such Papist or Person marrying a rapid, was naturally Dead according to the provision for the Descent of the Crown of England, made by another at of Parliament in England in the first 1 VII m.ff. s. Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled An An declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Successton of the Crown.

ARTICLE III

One Parliament, 'j'hat the united Kingdom of Great Britain be represented by one and the same Parliament, to be disguised. The Parliament of Great Britain.

ARTICLE IV

Freedom of That all the subjects of the united Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from and after the Union, have s'bflults&c Freedom and Intercourse of Trade and Navigation to and from any Port or Place within the said' c' united Kingdom, and the Dominions and Plantations thereunto belonging; and that there be a Communication of all other Rights Privileges, and Advantages, which do or may belong to the Subjects of either Kingdom; except where it is otherwise expressly agreed in these Articles.

Scots Ships to be British Ships.

'frade.

See 5 Geo. ti C 20. &9 Geo. X C axe.

Scots Cattle.

Importation of Victuals. Altered by 14 Geo 2. C 7. for licensing the importation in Caf of Dearth,

Excises.

See 5 Geo. X C 20.

Explained by 12 Geo. 1. c. 4. left. 62,

ARTICLE V

That all Ships or Vessels belonging to her Majesty's Subjects of Scotland, at the Time of ratifying the Treaty of Union of the two Kingdoms in the Parliament of Scotland, though foreign built, be deemed, and pass as Ships of the Built of Great Britain; the Owner, or where there are more Owners, one or more of the Owners, within twelve Months after the fird of May next, making Oath, That at the Time of ratifying the Treaty of Union in the Parliament of Scotland, the same did, in Whole or in Part, belong to him or them, or to some other Subject or Subjects in Scotland, to be particularly named, with the Place of their respective Abodes; and that the same doth then, at the Time of the said Depositron, wholly belong to him or them; and that no Foreigner directly or indirectly, hath any Share, Part, or Intered therein; which Oath shall be made before the chief Officer or Officers of the Cudoms, in the Port next to the Abode of the said Owner or Owners; and the said Officer or Officers shall be empowered to admi nider the said Oath; and the Oath being so adminidred shall be atteded by the Officer or Officers, who adminidred the same; and being regidred by the said Officer or Officers, shall be delivered to the Matter of the Ship for Security of her Navigation; and a Duplicate thereof shall be transmitted by the said Officer or Officers, to the chief Officer Or Officers of the Cudoms in the Port of edinburgh, to be there en tred in a Regider, and from thence to be sent to the Port of London to be there entered in the General Regider of all Trading Ships belonging to Great Britain.

ARTICLE VI

That all Parts of the united Kingdom for ever, from and after the Union, shall have the same Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, and be under the same Prohibitions, Restrictions, and Regulations of Trade, and liable to the same Cudoms and Duties on Import and Export; and that the Allowances, Encouragements, and Drawbacks, Prohibitions, Redridfions, and Regulations of Trade, and the Cudoms and Duties on Import and Export, settled in England when the Union commences, shall, from and after the Union, take Place throughout the whole united Kingdom; excepting and reserving the Duties upon Export and Import of such particular Commodities, from which any Persons, the Subjects of either Kingdom, are specially liberated and exempted by their private Rights, which, after the Union, are to remain safe and entire to them in all Respects, as before the same. And that from and after the uftion, no Scots Cattle carried into England, shall be liable to any other Duties, either on the publi k or private Accounts, than those Duties to which the Cdttle of England are or shall be liable within the said Kingdom. And seeing by the Laws of England, thera are Rewards granted upon the Exportation of certain Kinds of Grain wherein Oats grindea or ungrinded are not expressed; from and, after the Union, when Oats shall be sold at fifteen Shillings Sterling per Quarter, or under, there shall be paid two Shillings and sixpence Sterling for every Quarter of the Oatmeal exported in the Terms of the Law, whereby and so long as Rewards are granted for Exportation of other Grains, and that the Bear of Scotland have the same Rewards as Barley: And in Respect the Importation of Victual into Scotland from any Place beyond Sea, would prove a Discouragement to Tillage, therefore that the Prohibition as now in Force by the Law of Scotland, against Importation of Victuals from Ireland, or any other Place beyond Sea into Scotland, do, after the Union, remain in the same Force as now it is, until more proper and effectual Ways be provided by the Parliament of Great Britain, for discouraging the Importation of the said Victuals from beyond Sea.

ARTICLE V1L

That all Parts of the united Kingdom be for ever, from and after the Union, liable to the same Excises upon all exciseable Liquors, excepting only that the thirty-four Gallons English Barrel of Beer or Ale, amounting to twelve Gallons Scots present Measure, sold in Scotland by the Brewer at nine Shillings sixpence Sterling, excluding all Duties, and retailed, including Duties and the Retailers Profit, at twopence

4

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto Annas Regina;. C 8. 225

Pence the Scots Pint, or eighth Part of the Scots Gallon, be not after the Union liable, on account of the present Excise upon exciseable Liquors in England, to any higher Imposition than two Shillings Sterling upon the aforesaitl thirty-four Gallons, English Barrel, being twelve Gallons the present Scots Measure:

And that the Excise settled in England on" all other Liquors, when the Union commences; take place throughout the whole united Kingdom.

ARTICLE VIII

That from and after the Union, all foreign Salt which shall be imported into Scotland, shall be charg Foreign Salt, ed at the Importation there, with the same Duties as the like Salt is now charged with being imported into England, and to be levied and secured in the same Manner: But in regard the Duties of great Quantities of foreign Salt imported may be very heavy upon the Merchants Importers, that therefore all foreign Salt imported into Scotland, shall be cellar'd and locked up under the Custody of the Merchants Importers, and the Officers employed for levying the Duties upon Salt, 'and that the Merchant may have what Quantity thereof his Occasion may require, not under a Wey or forty Bushels at a Time, giving Security for the Duty of what Quantity he receives, payable in six Months. But Scotland shall, for the Space of seven Years from the said Union, be exempted from paying in Scotland, for Salt Scotch Salt, made there, the Duty or Excise now payable for Salt made in England; but from the Expiration of the said seven Years, shall be subject and liable to the same Duties for Salt made in Scotland as shall be then payable for Salt made in England, to be levied and secured in the same Manner, and with proportionable Drawbacks and Allowances as hi England, with this Exception, That Scotland shall, after tile said seven Years, remain exempted from the Duty of two Shillings fourpence a Bushel on Home Salt, imposed by an Add made in England in the Ninth and Tenth of King William the Third of Eng g & IO w. 3. land and if the Parliament of Great Britain shall, at or before the expiring of the said seven Years, fub C 44.'stitute any other Fund in Place of the said two Shillings fourpence of Excise on the Bushel of Home Salt, Scotland shall, after the said seven Years, bear a Proportion of the said Fund, and have an Equivalent in the i erms of this Treaty; and that during the said seven Years, there shall be paid in England, for all Salt made in Scotland, and imported from thence into England, the same Duties upon the Importation, as shall be payable for Salt made in England, to be levied and secured in the same Manner as the Duties on foreign Salt are to be levied and secured in England, that after the said seven Years, as long as the said Duty of two Shillings fourpence a Bushel upon Salt is continued in England, the said Repealed by two Shillings and fourpence a Bushel shall be payable for all Salt made in Scotland, and imported into j England, to be levied and secured in the same Manner; and that during the Continuance of the Duty of imported, two Shillings fourpence a Bushel upon Salt made in England, no Salt whatsoever be brought from scot land to England by Land in any Manner, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Salt, and the Cattle and Carriages made use of in bringing the same, and paying twenty Shillings for every Bushel of such Salt, and proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, for which the Carrier as well as the Owner shall be liable, jointly and severally, and the Persons bringing or carrying the same to be imprisoned by any one Justice of the Peace, by the Space of six Months without Bail, and until the Penalty be paid. And for establishing an Equality in Trade, that all Flesh exported from Scotland to England, and put on Board in rf5151 exported Scotland to be exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and Provisions for Ships in Scotland, and for foreign from scotlan<j* Voyages, may be salted with Scots Salt, paying the same Duty for what Salt is so employed as the like Quantity of such Salt pays in England, and under the same Penalties, Forfeitures, and provisions for preventing of Frauds as are mentioned in the Laws of England; and that from and after the Union, the Coring of Laws and Acts of Parliament in Scotland, for pining, curing, and packing of Herrings, white Fish and herr.ngs. Salmon for Exportation with foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, and for preventing of Frauds in curing and packing of Fish, be continued in Force in Scotland, subject to such Alterations as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain, and that all Fish exported from Scotlandexr°ttcl5' to Parts beyond the Seas, which shall be cured with foreign Salt only, and without Mixture of British or Irish Salt, shall have the same Eases, Premiums, and Drawbacks, as are or shall be allowed to such Persons as export the like Fish from England; and that for Encouragement of the Herring Fishing, there shall be allowed and paid to the Subjects, Inhabitants of Great Britain, during the present Allowances for other Fish, ten Shillings five Pence Sterling for every Barrel of White Herrings which shall be exported from Scotland; and that there shall be allowed five Shillings Sterling for every Barrel of Beef or Pork salted with foreign Salt, without Mixture of British or Irifo Salt, and exported for Sale from Scotland to Parts beyond Sea, alterable by the Parliament of Great Britain; and if any Matters of Fraud re These Duties hating to the said Duties on Salt shall hereafter appear, which are not sufficiently provided against by ffvlvftfor this Article, the Lme shall be subject to such further Provisions as shall be thought fit by the Parliament earsj J of Great Britain.': 3 Geo. C

ARTICLE IX

That whensoever the Sum of one million nine hundred ninety seven thousand seven hundred and sixty land Tax, three Pounds eight Shillings and fourpence Halfpenny, shall be enacted by the Parliament cf Great Britain to be raised in that Part of the united Kingdom now called England, on Land and other Things usually charged in Acts of Parliament there, for granting an Aid to the Crown by a Land Tax; that Parti of the united Kingdom now called Scotland, shall be charged by the same Act, with a further Sum of Qnuta of Scot forty-eight thousand Pounds, free of all Charges, as the jjuota of Scotland, to such Tax, and so propor land, L tionably for any greater or left' r Sum raised in England by any Tax on Land, and other Things usually charged together with the Land; and that such, for Scotland, in the Cases aforesaid, be raised and

Stamped Vellum.

Window Tax.

Crals, Culm, and Cynders.

Malt.

Scotland not chargeable with any other Duties before the Union, except these consented to See 5 Geo. I. C 20.

Proviso,

Equivalent.

12 Ann. Ji, L C 13. and See 1 Geo. i. stat. 2. C 27. tc 5 Geo. 1. c. 20.

C 8. Anno quinto anne Reginae. A.D. 1706.

collected in the same Manner as the Cess now is in Scotland; but subject to such Regulations in the Manner of collecting, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain.

ARTICLE X

That during the Continuance of the respective Duties on stamped Paper, Vellum, and Parchment, by the several Acts now in Force in England, Scotland flt.il 1 not be charged with the same respective Duties.

ARTICLE XI

That during the Continuance of the Duties payable in England on Windows and Lights, which determine on the hrft Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, Scotland shall not be charged with the same Duties.

ARTICLE XII

That during the Continuance of the Duties payable in England on Coals, Culm, and Cynders, which determine the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, Scotland shall not be charged therewith for Coals, Culm, and Cynders con fumed there; but shall be charged with the same Duties as in England for all Coals, Culm, and Cynders not consumed in Scotland.

ARTICLE XIII

That during the Continuance of the Duty payable in England upon Malt, which determines the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and seven, Scotland shall not be charged with that Duty.

ARTICLE XIV

That the Kingdom of Scotland be not charged with any other Duties laid on by the Parliament of England before the Union, except these consented to in this Treaty; in regard it is agreed, That all necessary Provision shall be made by thp Parliament of Scotland for the public Charge and Service of that Kingdom, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven. Provided nevertheless, That if the Parliament of England shall think fit to lay any further Impositions by way of Customs, or such: with which by virtue of this Treaty, Scotland is to be charged equally with England, in such Case Scotland shall be liable to the same Customs and Excises, and have an Equivalent to be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain; with this further Provision, That any Malt to be made and consumed in that Part of the united Kingdom now called Scotland, shall not be charged with any Imposition on Malt, during this present War. And seeing it cannot be supposed that the Parliament of Great Britain will ever lay any sort of Burdens upon the united Kingdom, but what they shall find of Necessity at that Time for the pre servation and Good of the Whole, and with due regard to the Circumstances and Abilities of every Part of the united Kingdom; therefore it is agreed. That there be it further Exemption insisted upon for any Part of the united Kingdom, but that the Consideration of any Exemptions beyond what are already agreed on in this Treaty, shall be left to the Determination of the Parliament of Great Britain.

ARTICLE XV

That whereas by the Terms of this Treaty, the Subjects of Scotland, for preserving an Equality of Trade throughout the united Kingdom, will be liable to several Customs and Excises now payable in England, which will be applicable towards Payment of the Debts of England, contracted before the Union; it is agreed, That Scotland shall have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof shall be so charged towards Payment of the said Debts of England, in all Particulars whatsoever, in Manner following, viz. That before the Union of the said Kingdoms, the Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, be granted to her Majesty by the Parliament of England, for the Uses after mentioned, being the Equivalent to be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the said Customs and Excises upon all exciseable Liquors with which that Kingdom is to be charged upon the Union, as will be applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England, according to the Proportions which the present Customs in Scotland, being thirty thousand Pounds per Annum, do bear to the Customs in England, computed at one million three hundred forty-one thousand five hundred and fifty-nine Pounds per Annum, and which the present Excises on exciseable Liquors in Scotland, being thirtjr t'nree thousand and five hundred Pounds per Annum, do bear to the excilc.s on exciseable Liquors in England, computed at nine hundred forty seven thousand six hundred and two Pounds per Annum: Which Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, shall be due and payable from the Time of the Union. And in regard that after the Union Scotland becoming liable to the same Customs and Duties payable on Import and Export, and to the same Excises on all exciseable liquors as in England, as well upon that Account, as upon the Account of the Increase of Trade and People, (which will be the happy consequence of the Union) the said Revenues will much improve beyond the before mentioned annual Values thereof, of which no present Estimate can be made; yet nevertheless, for the Reasons aforesaid, there ought to be a proportionable Equivalent answered to Scotland; it is agreed. That after the Union there shall be an Account kept of the said Duties arising in Scotland., to the End it may appear what ought to be answered to Scotland as an Equivalent for such Proportion of the said Increase as shall be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England. And for the further and more effectual answering the several Ends hereafter mentioned, it is agreed, That from and after the Union, the whole Increase of the Revenues of Customs, and Duties on Import and Export, and Excises upon exciseable Liquors in Scotland, over and above the annual Produce of the said respective Duties, as above dated, shall go and be applied.

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto An isle Regina?. C 8. 227

for the Term of seven Years, to the Uses hereafter mentioned; and that, upon the said Account there shall be answered to Scotland annually from the End of seven Years after the Union, an Equivalent in Proportion to such Part of the said Increase, as shall be applicable to the Debts of England, and generally, that an Equivalent shall be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the English Debts, as Scotland may hereafter become liable to pay by reason of the Union, other than such for which Appropriations have been made by Parliament in England, of the Customs, or other Duties on Export and Import, Exciles on all exciseable Liquors, in respect of which Debts, Equivalents are herein before provided. And as Ufa to which for the Uses to which the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds ten Shi! e<jvjlenj m lings, to be granted as aforesaid, and all other Moneys which are to be answered or allowed to Scotland as ney 1s api 'e'aforesaid, are to be applied, it is agreed, That in the first Place, out of the aforesaid Sum, what consideration shall he found necessary to be had for any loftes, which private Persons may fuffain by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of England, may be made good; in the next Coin f Scotland. Place, that the Capital Stock, or Fund of the African and Indian Company of Scotland advanced, toge afrlmn com there with Interest for the said Capital Stock, after the Rate of five per Centum per Annum, from the re pan spective Times of the Payment thereof, shall be paid: Upon Payment of which Capital Stock and Interest, it is agreed, the said Company be dissolved and cease, and also, that from the Time of pasting the act of Parliament in England, for raising the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, the said Company shall neither trade, nor grant Licence to trade; providing, that if the said Stock and Interest shall not be paid in twelve Months after the Commencement of the Union, that then the said Company may from thenceforward trade, or give licence to trade, until the said whole Capital Stock and Interest shall be paid. And as to the Overplus of the said Sum of three Overplus, hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, after Payment of what Consideration shall be had for Loftes in repairing the Coin, and paying the said Capital Stock and Interest, and also the whole Increase of the said Revenues of Customs, Duties and Exciles, above the present Value, which shall arise in Scotland during the said Term of seven Years, together with the Equivalent which shall become due upon the Improvement thereof in Scotland after the said Term; and also, as to all other Sums, which, according to the Agreements aforesaid, may become payable to Scotland by way of Equivalent, for what that Kingdom shall hereafter become liable towards Payment of the Debts of England, it is agreed. That the same be applied in the Manner following, viz. Thar all the public Debts of the King Public Debts, dom of Scotland, as shall be adjusted by this present Parliament, shall be paid: And that two thousand Pounds per Annum for the Space of seven Years, shall be applied towards encouraging and promoting the Manufacture of Manufacture of coarse Wool within those Shires which produce the Wool; and that the first two thou coarse Wool, sand Pounds Sterling be paid at Martinmas next, and so yearly at Martinmas, during the Space aforesaid; afterwards, the same shall be wholly applied towards the encouraging and promoting the Fisheries, Fifteries. and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general Good See i;?'£' T' of the united Kingdom. And it is agreed. That her Majesty be empowered to appoint Commissioners, ^i.*'

who shall be accountable to the Parliament of Great Britain, for disposing the said Sum of three hundred stat. 2. C i". ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, and all other Moneys which filial] arise to fest. S. Scotland, upon the Agreements aforesaid, to the Purposes before mentioned; Which Commissioners shall Commissioners be empowered to call for, receive, and dispose of the said Moneys, in Manner aforesaid, and to inspectporthe the Books of the several Collectors of the said Revenues, and of all other Duties, from whence an Equi ent* valent may arise; And that the Collectors and Managers of the said Revenues and Duties be obliged to give to the said Commissioners subscribed authentic Abbreviates of the Produce of such Revenues and Duties nrifing in their respective districts: And that the said Commissioners shall have their Office within the Limits of Scotland, and shall in such Office keep Books containing Accounts of the Amount of the Equivalents, and how the same shall have been disposed of from time to time, which may be inspected by any of the Subjects, who shall desire the same.

ARTICLE XVI

That from and after the Union, the Coin shall be of the same Standard and Value throughout the coin, united Kingdom, as now in England, and a Mint shall be continued in Scotland, under the same Rules as the Mint in England, and the present Officers of the Mint continued, subject to such Regulations and Alterations as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or the Parliament of Great Britain shall think fit.

ARTICLE XVII

That from and after the Union, the same Weights and Measures shall be used throughout the united Weights and Kingdom, as are now established in England, and Standards of Weights and Measures shall be kept by Measures. those Burghs in Scotland, to whom the keeping the Standards of Weights and Measures, now in Use there, does of special Right belong: All which Standards shall be sent down to such respective Burghs, from the Standards kept in the Exchequer at Westminster, subject nevertheless to such Regulations as the Parliament of Great Britain shall think fit.

ARTICLE XVIII

That the Laws concerning Regulation of Trade, Customs, and such Excises to which Scotland is, by Regulation of virtue of this Treaty, to be liable, be the same in Scotland, from and after the Union, as in England, Trade, and that all other Laws in Use within the Kingdom of Scotland, do after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in the same Force as before, (except such as are contrary to, or inconsistent with this

2 23 C 8. Anno quinto Anna: Reginte. A.D. 1706

Treaty) but alterable by the Parliament of Great Briealn; with this Difference betwixt the Laws concerning public Right, Policy, and Civil Government, and those which concern private Right, that the Laws which concern public Right, Policy, and Civil Government, may be made the same throughout the whole united Kingdom; but that no Alteration be made in Laws which concern private Right, except for evident Utility of the Subjects within Scotland.

College of Justice.

By 7 Geo. 2. c. 16. fe£v. 4. jnign of scjjrn, C are incapable of being defied Members o f the House of Commons.

Court of Judiciary.

Admiralty ju xifdittions.

Other Courts.

Court of Exchequer established for ever, by 6 Anns, C 2-6. fest, I.

"Privy Council. See farther 6 flan, d 6. for the Regulation of the privy Council.

He re table Of -- ficts.,

ARTICLE XIX

That the Court of Session, or College of Justice, do after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in all Time coming within Scotland, as it is now constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the same Authority and Privileges as before the Union, subject nevertheless to such Regulations for the better Administration of Justice, as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain and that hereafter none shall be named by her Majesty, or her royal Successors, to be ordinary Lords of Session, but such who have served in the College of Justice as Advocates, or principal Clerks of Session for the Space of five Years; or as Writers to the Signet for the Space of ten Years; with this Provision, That no Writer to the Signet be capable to be admitted a Lord of the Session, urtless he undergo a private and publwk Trial on the Civil Law, before the Faculty of Advocates, and be found by them qualified for the said Office, two Years before he be named to be a Lord of the Session; so as the Qualifications made, or to be made, for capacitating Persons to be named ordinary Lords of Session, may be altered by the Parliament of Great Britain. And that the Court of Justiciary do also after the Union, and notwithstanding thereof, remain in all Time coming within Scotland, as it is now constituted by the Laws of that Kingdom, and with the same Authority and Privileges as before the Union, subjaft: nevertheless to such Regulations as shall be made by the Parliament of Great Britain, and without Prejudice of other Rights of Justiciary; that all Admiralty Jurisdictions be under the Lord High Admiral or Commissioners for the Admiraly of Great Britain for the time being; and that the Court of Admiralty now establ ished in Scotland be continued, and that all Reviews, Reductions, or Suspensions of the Sentences in maritime Cases, competent to the Turifdiiftion of that Court, remain in the same Manner after the Union, as now in Scotland, until the Parliament of Great Britain hall make such Regulations and Alterations, as shall be judged expedient for the whole united Kingdom, so as there be always continued in Scotland a Court of Admiralty, such as in England, for Determination of all maritime Cases relating to private Rights in Scotland, competent to the Jurisdiction of the Admiralty Court, subject nevertheless to such Regulations and Alterations as shall be thought proper to be made by the Parliament of Great Britain; and that the heretable Rights of Admiralty and Vice Admiralties in Scotland be reserved to the respective Proprietors as Rights of Property, subject nevertheless, as to the Manner of exercising such heretable Rights, to such Regulations and Alterations, r>s shall be thought proper to be made by the Parliament of Great Britain; and that all other Courts now in being within the Kingdom of Scotland do remain, but subject to Alterations by the Parliament of Great Britain; and that all inferior Courts within the said Limits do remain subordinate, as they are now, to the supreme Courts of Justice within the same, in all Time coming; and that no Causes in Scotland be.cognofcible by the Courts of Chancery, Queen s Bench, Common Picas, or any other Court in Westminster Hall, and that the said Courts, or any other of the like Nature, after the Union, shall have no Power to cognofce, review, or alter the Atfts or Sentences of the Judicatures within Scotland, or flop the Execution of the same; and that there be a Court of Exchequer in Scotland after the Union, for deciding Questions concerning the Revenues of Customs and Excises there, having the same Power and Authority in such Cases, as the Court of Exchequer has in England; and that the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland have Power of passing Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and in other Things, as the Court of exchequer at.present in Scotland hath; and that the Court of Exchequer that now is in Scotland do remain, until a new Court of Exchequer be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain in Scotland after the Union; and that after the Union, the queen's Majesty, and her royal Successors continue a Privy Council in Scotland, for preferring of publick Peace and Order, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall think fit to alter.it, or establish any other effectual Method for that End.

ARTICLE XX

that.all heritable Offices, Superiorities, heretable jurisdictions, Offices for Life, and jurisdictions for Life, be reserved to the Owners thereof, as Rights of Property, in the same Mariner as they are now enjoyed by the Laws of Scotland, notwithstanding this Treaty.

Royal Burghs.

ARTICLE XXI

That the Rights and Privileges of the royal Burghs in Scotland, as they now are, do remain entire after the union, and notwithstanding thereof.

ARTICLE XXII

Sixteen Peers of That by virtue of this Treaty, of the Peers of Scotland, at the Time of the uriion, sixteen shall be Scotland to sit in the Number to sit and vote in the House of Lords, and fortyfive the Number of the Representatives of House of Scotland sin the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain; and that when her Majesty, her Keirs or Successors, shall declare her or their Pleasure for holding the first or any subsequent Parliament of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall make further provisicm therein, a Writ do issue under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, directed, to the Privy Council of Scotland,

commanding them to cause sixteen Peers, who are rto fibrin the house of Lords, tole summoned to Par

iliament.

A.D. 1706. Anno ^uinto Ann Regmse. C 8. 229

liament, and fortyfive Members, to be elected to sit in the House of Commons of the Parliament of forty fivemem Great Britain, according to the Agreement of this Treaty, in such Manner as by an Act of this present kers to finn the

Session of the Parliament of Scotland is or shall be settled; which Act is hereby declared to be as valid as "sc ° cni"

if it were a Part of, and ingossed in this Treaty. And that the Names of the Persons so summoned and < farther provi elected shall be returned by the Privy Council of Scotland into 'the Court from whence the said Writ did Cons relating issue. And that if her Majesty, on or before the first Day of May next, on which Day the Union is to hereto, take Place, shall declare under the Great Seal of England, That it is.expedient that the Lords of Parlia C

ment of England, and commons of the present Parliament of England, fhoitld be the Members of the ree'* spective Houses of the fisft Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England, then the said Lords of Parliament of England, and Commons of the present Parliament of England, shall be the Mem First Parliament beru of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England: And of Great Britain, her Majesty may by her Royal Proclamation, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, appoint the said first Parliament of Great Britain to meet at such Time and Place as her Majesty shall think fit; which Time shall not be less than fifty Days after the Date ofi such Ploclamation; and the Time and Place of the

Meeting of such Parliament being so appointed, a Writ shall be immediately issued under the Great Seal

of Great Britain, directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, for the summoning the sixteen Peers, and for electi tig fortyfive Members, by whom Scotland is to be represented in the Parliament of Great Britain.

And the Lords of Parliament of England, and the sixteen Peers of Scotland, such sixteen Peers being Summoned and returned in the Manner agreed in this Treaty, and the Members of the House of Commons of the said Parliament of England, and the fortyfive Members for 'Scotland, such fortyfive Members being elected and returned in the Manner agreed in this Treaty, shall assemble and meet respectively, in the respective Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, at such Time and Place as shall be so appointed by filer Majesty, and shall be the two Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain; and that Parliament may continue for such Time only, as the present Parliament of England might have continued if the Union of the two Kingdoms had not been made, unless fooper dissolved by her Majesty. And that every one Members to ta&e of the Lords of Parliament of Great Britain, and every member of the House of Commons of the Parlia the Oaths, C ment of Great Britain, in the first and all succeeding Parliaments of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain shall atherwife direct, flail take the respective Oaths appointed to be taken in Stead of the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, by an Act of Parliament made in England in the first Year of the Reign of the late King Williamand Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for the abrogating of the Oaths of, w supremacy.and Allegiance, end appointing other Oaths, and make, subscribe, and audibly repeat the Declara C Z. ttion mentioned in an Act of Parliament made in England in the (thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Charles, the Second, intituled, An Act for the wore effectual preserving the King's Person and Government, 30 Car 2, fiat. by disabling Papish from sitting in either House of Parliament; and shall take and subscribe the Oath menti 2- e 1. oned in an Act of Parliament made in England in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act, nne ftjt., 1, to declare the Alterations in the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security 12.

of his Majesty's Perfn, and the Sitcccfiion, of the Crenva in the Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Plopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, ami all aether Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors, emd for declaring the Ajfbciation to be determined; at such Time, and in such Manner as the Members of both.houses of Parliament of England are by the said respective Acts directed to take, make, and subscribe theiame, upon.

the Penalties and Disabilities in the said respective Acts contained. And it is declared and agreed, That, these Words, This Realm, The Crown of this Realm, and The fijieen of this Realm, mentioned in the Oaths, and declaration.contained in the aforesaid Acts, which were intended to signify the Crown and Realm of England, shall be understood of the crown and Realm of Great Britain, and that in that Sense the said 'Oaths and Declaration be taken and subscribed ."by the Members of both Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain.

ARTICLE XXIII

That the aforesaid sixteen.peers of 'Scotland mentioned in the last preceding Article, to fit'in the House of Lords' or the Parliament of Great Britain, shall have ft] Privileges of Parliament, which the Peers of fmecn LV r; England now have, and which they, or ..any Peers of Great Britain shall have after the Union, and particularly the Right of sitting upon the Trials of Peers: And in case of the Trial of any Peer, in Time of Adjournment, or Prorogation of Parliament, the said sixteen Peers shall be summoned in the same Manner, and have the same Powers and Privileges at such Trial, as any other Peers of Great Britain. And; that in case any Trials of Peers shall hereafter.happen, when there is no Parliamentin Being, the sixteen Peers of Scotland, who sat in the last preceding Parliament, Avail be summoned in the same Manner, and have the same Powers and Privileges at such Trials, as any other Peers of Great Britain; and rthat all and of all the Peers of Scotland, and their Succeifiors to their Honours and Dignities, shall from and after thetunion, Peers uf Soothe Peers of Great Britain, and have Rank and Precedency next and immediately after the Peers of the lam, like Orders and Degrees in England at the Time of the Union, and before all Peers of Great Britain of the like Orders and Degrees, who may be treated after the Union, and shall be tried as Peers of Great Britain, and shall enjoy all Privileges of Peers, as fully as the Peers of England do now,

or as they, or any other Peers of Great Britain may hereafter enjoy the same, except the Right and Privilege of sitting in the House of Lords, and the Privileges depending thereon, ..an^particularly the right of sitting upon the Trials of Peers. 1'.

LA RTTCL'E, X'XIV. '

That from and _ after the Union, there be one Great Seal for the united 'Kingdom of Great Britain, "One twitch shall be.different from the Great jse&luaw'.ufedjin enlier.kingdom.: and that the quarterlug the

Seal in Scotland.

Privy Seal Sec. continued.

Regalia, Records of Parliament, 5rc.

Laws inconsistent, void.

Act for securing the Protestant Religion, and Presbyterian Church Government in.scot land.,

Universities and Colleges to continue.

5ubje£ls not liable to any Oath inconsistent with the said Church Government

C 8. Anno quinto annje Reginae. A.D. 1706.

arn's, and the Rank and Precedency of the Lion King of Arms of the Kingdon of Scotland, as may bell: luit the Union, be left to her Majesty: And that in the mean Time, the Great Seal of England be used as the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, and that the Great Seal of the united Kingdom be used for sealing Writs to eledd and summon the Parliament of Great Britain, and for sealing all Treaties with foreign Princes and States, and all Public Acts, Instruments and Orders of State, which concern the whole united Kingdom, and in all other Matters relating to England, as the Great Seal of England is now used: that a Seal in Scotland after the Union be always kept and made use of in all Things relating to private Rights or Grants, which have usually passed the Great Seal of Scotland, and which only concern Offices, Grants, Commissions, and private Rights within that Kingdom; and that until such Seal shall be appointed by her Majesty, the present Great Seal of Scotland shall be used for such Purposes: that the Privy Seal, Signet, Cadet, Signet of the Judiciary Court, Quarter Seal, and Seals of Courts now used in Scotland be continued; but that the said Seals be altered and adapted to the State of the Union, as her Majesty shall think fit; and the said Seals, and all of them, and the Keepers of them, shall be subject to such Regulations as the Parliament of Great Britain shall hereafter make. And that the Crown, Sceptre, and Sword of State, the Records of Parliament, and all other Rocords, Rolls and re gifters whatsoever, both public and private, general and particular, and warrants thereof, continue to be kept as they are within that Part of the united Kingdom now called Scotland; and that they shall so remain in all Time coming, notwithstanding the Union.

ARTICLE XXV

That all Laws and Statutes in either Kingdom, so far as they are contrary to, or inconsistent with the Terms of these Articles, or any of them, shall, from and after the Union, cease and become void, and shall be so declared to be, by the respective Parliaments of the said Kingdoms.

As by the said Articles of Union, ratified and approved by the said Act of Parliament of Scotland, Relation being thereunto had, may appear. And the Tenor of the aforesaid Act for securing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government within the Kingdom of Sc tlnnd, is as follows:

C ii./^vur Sovereign Lady, and the Estates of Parliament, considering that by the late Act of Parliament, for a Treaty with England for an Union of herb Kingdoms, it is provided. That the Commissioners for that reaty (hold not treat of or concerning any Alteration of the Worship, Discipline, and Government of the Church of this Kingdom as now by Law established: 4 Treaty being now reported to the Parliament, and it being reasonable and necessary that the true Protestant Religion, as presently professed within this Kingdom, with the Worship, Discipline, and Government of this Church, (hold be effeddually and unalterably secured: her Majesty, with Advice and Consent of the said Estates of Parliament, doth hereby establifn and confirm the said true Protestant Religion, and the Worship, Discipline, and Government of this lurch, to continue with out any Alteration to the People of this Land in all succeeding Generations; and more especially her Majesty, with Advice and Consent aforesaid, ratifies, approves, and for ever confirms the fifth add of the first Parliament of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, Act ratifying the Confession of Faith, ' and settling Presbyterian Chinch Government; with all other Acts of Parliament relating thereto, in Pro fecution of the Declaration of the Estates of this Kingdom, containing the Claim of Right, bearing Date the eleventh of April one thousand six hundred and eighty nine: And her Majesty, with Advice and Consent aforesaid, expressly provides and declares. That the foresaid true Protestant Religion, contained in the abovementioned Confession of Faith, with the Form and Purity of Worship presently in use within this Church, and its Presbyterian Church Government and Discipline (that is to say) the Government of the Church by Kirk Sessions, Presbyteries, Provincial Synods, and General Assemblies

established by the foresaid Adds of Parliament, pursuant to the Claim of Right, shall remain and continue unalterable, and that the said presbyterian Government shall be the only Government of the

Church within the Kingdom of Scotland.'

III. And further, for the greater Security of the foresaid Protestant Religion, and of the Worship

and Government of this Church, as above established, her Majesty, with Advice and Con ' sent foresaid, statutes and ordains. That the Universities and Colleges of Saint Andrews, Glasgow, Aber deen, and Edinburgh, as now established by Law, shall continue within this Kingdom for ever; and that in all Time coming, no Professors, Principals, Regents, Masters, or others, bearing Office in any University, College, or School within this Kingdom, be capable to be admitted, or allowed to continue in the Exercise of their said Funddions, but such as shall own and acknowledge the Civil Government in Manner prescribed or to be prescribed by the Adds of Parliament; as also, that before, or at their Admissions, they do and shall acknowledge and profess, and shall subscribe to the foresaid Confession of Faith, as the Confession of their Faith, and that they will practice and confirm themselves to the Wor

ship presently in Use in this Church, and submit themselves to the Government and Discipline thereof,

and never endeavour direddly or indirectly the Prejudice or Subversion of the same, and that before the respective Presbyteries of their Bounds, by whatsoever Gift, Presentation or Provision they may be thereto provided.'

IV. And further, her Majesty, with Advice aforesaid, expressly declares, and statutes. That none of the Subjects of this Kingdom shall be liable to, but all and everyone of them for ever free of any Oath,

Test or Subscription within this Kingdom, contrary to, or Inconsistent with the foresaid true Protestant Religion, and Prclbyterian Church Government, Worship, and Discipline, as above established; and

that

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto Ankle Reginae, C 8. 231

that the same within the Bounds of this Church and Kingdom, hall never be imposed upon, or required of them, in any Sort. And lastly, That after the Decease of her present Majesty, (whom God long queen's succec preserve) the Sovereign succeeding to her in the Royal Government of the Kingdom of Great Britain., fors to maintan shall in all Time coming at his or her Accession to the Crown, swear and subscribe, that they shall 1 e amc'

inviolably maintain and preserve the foresaid Settlement of the true Protestant Religion, with the Government, Worship, Discipline, Right, and Privileges of this Church, as above established by the Laws of this Kingdom in Prosecution of the Claim of Right

V. And it is hereby statuted and ordain'd, That this Act of Parliament, with the Establishment there Act tobefor ever in contained, shall be held and observed in all Time coming, as a fundamental and eftential Condition observedaeanef of any Treaty or Union to be concluded betwixt the two Kingdoms, without any Alteration thereof, fential, Pan of or Derogation thereto in any Sort for ever: As also, That this Act of Parliament, and Settlement t"nvcenthe therein contain'd, shall be insert and repeated in any Act of Parliament that shall pass for agreeing and Kingdoms.

concluding the foresaid Treaty or Union betwixt the two Kingdoms; and that the same shall be therein expressly declared to be a fundamental and eftential Condition of the said Treaty or Union in all Time coming: Which Articles of Union, and Add immediately above written, her Majesty, with Advice and Consent aforesaid, statutes, enadds, and ordains to be and continue, in all Time coming, the sure and perpetual Foundation of a complete and entire Union of the two Kingdoms of Scotland and England,

under the express Condition and Provision, that this Approbation and Ratification of the foresaid Arti cles and Add shall be no ways binding on this Kingdom, until the said Articles and Add be ratified, ap proved, and confirmed by her Majesty, with and by the Authority of the Parliament of England, as Parliament of they are now agreed to, approved and confirmed by her Majesty, with and by the Authority of the Par England may liament of Scotland; declaring nevertheless, that the Parliament of England may provide for the Security p)t'de0f°cifuvch of the Church of England as they think expedient, to take Place within the Bounds of the said King o^engund, u&c!

dom of England, and not derogating from the Security above provided for establishing of the Church of ° '

Scotland within the Bounds of his Kingdom; as also the said Parliament of England may extend the Ad 4 ditions and other Provisions contained in the Articles of Union, as above insert, in Favours of the Subjects of Scotland, to and in Favours of the Subjects of England, which shall not suspend or derogate from the Force and Effect of this present Ratification, but shall be understood as herein included, with out the Necessity of any new Ratification in the Parliament of Scotland.'

1 VI. And lastly, her Majesty enacts and declares, That all Laws and Statutes in this Kingdom, so All Laws, C

far as they are contrary to, or inconsistent with the Terms of these Articles, as abovementioned, shall incongftent with from and after the Union cease and become void Articles of Union,

to cease.

VII. And whereas an Add hath passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for fe 5 Anna;, C 5.

curing the Church of England as by Law established; the Tenor whereof follows

WHEREAS by an Add made in the Session of Parliament held in the third and fourth Year ofher Act fotfccoring majesty's Reign, whereby her Majesty was empowered to appoint Commissioners, under thetbechurch of Great Seal of England, to treat with Commissioners to be authorised by the Parliament of Scotland, con i: neljb'i, rcc, tc 1 4 cerning an Union of the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, it is provided and enacted, That the Commissioners to be named in pursuance of the said Add should not treat of or concerning any Alteration of the Liturgy, Rights, Ceremonies, Discipline, or Government of the Church as by Law established within this Realm: And whereas certain Commissioners appointed by her Majesty in pursuance of the said Act, and also other Commissioners nominated by her Majesty by the Authority of the Parliament of Scotland, have met and agreed upon a Treaty of Union of the said Kingdoms; which Treaty is now under the Consideration of this present Parliament: And whereas the said Treaty (with some Alterati ons therein made) is ratified and approved by Act of Parliament in Scotland; and the said Add of Ratifi cation is, by her Majesty's Royal Command, laid before the Parliament of this Kingdom: And where as it is reasonable and necessary, that the true Protestant Religion professed and established by Law in the Church of England, and the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government thereof, should be effectually and unalterably secured; it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That an Add made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of Queen Eliza beth, of famous Memory, intituled, An Act for the mini/hrs of the Church to be of foundi3e1|z c 1 1 Religion; and also another Add made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the3 4*&4 Car

Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of the Public Prayers and Administration of Sacraments, andf'

other Rites and Ceremonies, and for establishing the Form of making, ordaining, and consecrating Bishops,

Pritfls, aid Deacons in the Church of England (other than such Clauses in the said Adds, or either of them, as have, been repealed or altered by any subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament) and all and sin gular other acts of Parliament now in Force for the Establishment and Preservation of the Church of England, and the Doddrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government thereof, shall remain and be III full Force for ever.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Demise of her Majesty qu»cn's Soccef 4 (whom God long preserve) the Sovereign next succeeding to her Majesty in the Royal Government offors to take an the Kingdom of Great Britain, and so for ever hereafter, every King or Queen succeeding and coming °ath'

4 to the Royal Government of the Kingdom of Great Britain, at his or her Coronation, shall in the prc, C 4 fence of all Persons who hall be attending, assisting, or otherwise then and there present, take and subscribe an Oath to maintain and preserve inviolably the said Settlement of the Church of England, and the

Act to be an essential Part of any Treaty, fire.

Articles of Onion, and the Act for establishing presbyterian Chbrch Government, C ratified and confirmed.

5 an'na?i C 5v Acts for settling" the Church Governments in' England and Scotland, C declared efien tial Parts of 1 he Union.

5 Anna?, C 5,

Ail settling the Manner of electing the representatives of Scotland.

Tenor of the Atf.

Howl' the ffctteen Peers shall be electedv

And also the fortyfive Representatives.

3. S'. Anno quinto a.: r: T 7 j.fat. A. V

the Doctrine, Worship, Discipline, and Government thereof, as by Law eft.vnhshed within the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berucii k upon Tweed, and the Ter

thereunto belonging.'

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, and all and every the Mat ' ters and Things therein contained, be, and shall for ever be held and adjudged to be a fundamental.

and eflentia] Part of any Treaty of Union to be concluded between the said two Kingdoms; and also that

this Act shall be inserted in express Terms in any Act of Parliament which shall be made for settling

and ratifying any such Treaty of Union, and shall be therein, declared to be an eflentia] and funda

mental Part thercol

X May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the queen's moil: Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the said Articles of Union as ratified and approved by the said Act of Parliament of Scotland, as aforesaid, and herein before particularly mentioned and inserted; also the said Act of Parliament of Scotland for establhhing the Protestant Religion and Presbyterian Church Government within that Kingdom, intituled, Act for securing the Protestant Religion, and Presbyterian Church Government, and every Clause, Matter, and Thing in the said Articles and Act contained, shall be, and the said Articles and Act are hereby for ever ratified, approved, and confirmed.

XI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act passed in this pre present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for securing the Church England as by Law established, and all and every the Matters and Things therein contained, and also the said Act of Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for securing the Protes ant Religion, and Presbyterian Church Government, with the Establishment in the said Act contained, be and nail for ever be held and adjudged to be, and observed as fundamental and eflentia] conditions of the said Union; and shall in all Times coming be taken to be, and are hereby declared to be eflentia] and fundamental Parts of the said Articles and Union and the said articles of Union so as aforesaid1 ratified, approved and confirmed by Act of Parliament of Scotland, and by this present Act, and the said Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for securing the Church England as by Law established, and also the said Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for securing the Protestant Religion, and Presbyterian Church Government, are hereby enacted and ordained to be and continue in all Times coming the complete and entire Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland,

XII. And whereas since the passing the said Act in the Parliament of Scotland, for ratifying the said Articles of Union, one other Act, intituled, An Act settling the Manner of elediing the sixteen Peers, ' and forty five Members it represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain, hath likewise passed in the said Parliament of Scotland at Edinburgh, the fifth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and seven, the Tenor whereof follows: '_ -

4 /AUR Sovereign Lady considering, That by the twenty second Article of the Treaty of Union, as, V the same is ratified by an Act passed in this Session of Parliament, upon the sixteenth of January lait, it is provided, That by virtue of the said Treaty, of the Peers of Scotland, at the Time of the Union, sixteen shall be of the Number to sit and vote in the House of Lords, and fortyfive the Number of the Representatives of Scotland in the House of Commons of the Parliament of Great Britain; acd that the said sixteen Peers, and fortyfive Members in the House of Commons, be named and chosen in such Manner as by a subsequent Act fn this present Session of Parliament in Scotland, Should be set tied; which Act is thereby declared to be as valid, as if it were a Part of, and ingrossed in the said Treaty: Therefore her Majesty, with the Advice and Consent of the Estates of Parliament, statutes,

enacts, and ordains, That the said sixteen Peers, who shall have Right to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, on the Part of Scotland, by virtue of this Treaty, shall be named by the said Peers of Scotland, whom they represent, their Heirs or Successors to their Dignities and Honours,

out of their Own Number, and that by open Election and Plurality of Voices of the Peers present, and of the Proxies for such as shall be abient, the said Proxies being Peers, and producing a Mandate in Writing duly signed before Witnesses, and both the Constituent and Proxy being qualified according to

Law; declaring also, That such Peers as are absent, being qualified as aforesaid, may send to all such

Lists of the Peers whom they judge fitted, validly ligned by the said absent Peers, which shall be reckoned in the same Manner as if the Parties had been present, and given in the said Lifl; and in case of the Death, or legal incapacity of any of the said sixteen Peers, that the aforesaid Peers of Scotland shall nominate another of their own Number, in Place of the said Peer or Peers, in Manner before and after mentioned: And that of the said fortyfive Representatives of Scotland in the House of Commons in the Parliament of Great Britain, thirty shall be chosen by the Shires or Steuartries, and fifteen by the Royal Burrows as follows, wa. One for every Shire and Steuartry, excepting the Shires of Bute and Catk ness, which shall chodfe one by Turns, Bute having the first Election; Shires of Nairn and Cromarty,

which shall also choose by Turns, Nairn having the first Election; and in like Manner the Shires of Clackmanan and Kinross, shall choose by Turns, Clackmanan having the first Election; in case of the Death or legal Incapacity of any of the said Members from the respective Shires or Steuartries above mentioned, to sir in the House of Commons, it is enacted and ordained, That the Shire or Steuartry,

who elected the said Member, shall elect another Member in his Place; and that the said fifteen Repre fentatives for the Royal Burrows be chosen as follows. viz. That the Town of Edinburgh shall have

Right

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto ann e Reginae. C 8. 233

Right to elect and send one Member to the Parliament of Great Britain; and that each of the other Burghs shall elect a Commissionerin the same Manner as they are now in Use to cleft Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland, which Commissioners and Burghs (Edinburgh excepted) being divided in four teen claltes or Districts, shall meet at such Time and Burghs within their respective Districts, as her Majesty, her Heirs or successors shall appoint, and elect one for each District, viz. The Burghs of Kirkwall, Week, Dornock, Dinnuall, and Taine, one; the Burghs of fortro/e, Inverness, Nairn, and 4*For refs, one; the Burghs of Elgin, Cullen, Batnjf, Inverury, and Kintore, one; the Burghs of Aberdeen,

4 ..Inverlervy, Montrose, Aberbrothock, and Brochine, one; the Burghs of Forfar, Perth, Dundee, Coupon,

and Saint Andrews, one; the Burghs of Craill, Kilrennie, Anstruther Easter, Anstruther jvester, and p/7tenweem, one; the Burghs of Dyfart, Kirkaldie, Kinghorn, and Bruntisland, one; the Burghs of Inner kithen, Dunfermline, §)ueensferry, cultofs, and Sterling, one; the Burghs of Glasgow, Renfrew, Ruglen,

and Dumbarton, one; the Burghs of Haddington, Dunbarr, North Berwick, Lauder, and Jedburgh, one; the Burghs of Selkirk, Peebles, Linlithgow, and Lanerk, one; the Burghs of Dumfries, Sanquhar, Annan,

Lochnaben, and Kirkudbright, one; the Burghs of jvigtoun, New Galloway, Stranraver, and Whitehern,

one; and the Burghs of Air, Irvin, Rothesay, Cambletoim, and Inverary, one: And it is hereby declared and ordained, That where the Votes of the Commissioners for the said Burghs, met to choose Representatives from their several Districts to the Parliament of Great Britain, shall be equal, in that Case the President of the Meeting shall have a calling or decisive Vote, and that by and according to his Vote as a Commissioner from the Burgh from which he is fentj the Commissioner from the eldest Burgh presiding in the first Meeting, and the Commissioners from the other Burghs in their respective Districts presiding afterwards by Turns, in the Order as the said Burghs are now called in the Rolls of the Parliament of Scotland, and that in case any of the said fifteen Commissioners from Burghs shall decease or become legally incapable to sit in the House of Commons, then the Town of Edinburgh, or the District which chose the said Member, shall elect a Member in his or their Place: It is always hereby express, 4 provided and declared, That none shall be capable to elector be elected for any of the said Estates, but such as are twenty-one Years of Age complete, and Protestant, excluding all Papists, or such who be ing suspect of Popery, and required, refuse to swear and subscribe the Forntula contained in the third Act made in the eighth and ninth Sessions of King willia.w's Parliament, intituled, al for preventing the Growth of Popery; and also declaring, that none shall be capable to elector be elected, to reprefertt a 4 Shire or Burgh in the Parliament of Great Britain, for this Part of the united Kingdom, except such as are now capable by the Laws of this Kingdom, to elector be elected as Commissioners for Shires or Burghs to the Parliament of Scotland: And'further her Majesty, with Advice and Consent aforesaid,

for the effectual and orderly Election of the Persons to be chosen to sit, vote, and serve in the respective Houses of the Parliament of Great Britain, when her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, shall de clare her or their Pleasure for holding the first or any subsequent Parliament of Great Britain, and when for that Effect a Writ shall be issued out under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, conform to the said twenty second Article, statutes, enacts, and ordains, That until the Parliament of Great Britain shall make further Provision therein, the said Writ final I contain a 4 Warrant and Command to the said Privy Council, to issue out a Proclamation in her Majesty's Name,

requiring the Peers of Scotland, for the Time, to meet and assemble at such Time and Place within

Scotland, as her Majesty and royal Successors shall think fit, to make Election of the said sixteen Peers,

and requiring the Lord Clerk Register, or two of the Clerks of Session, to attend all such Meetings,

and to administer the Oaths that are or shall he by Law required, and to ask the Votes; and having made up the List in the presence of the Meeting, to return the Names of the sixteen Peers chosen cer tiffed under the Subscrintion of the said Lord Clerk Register, Clerk or Clerks of Session attending) to the Clerk of the Privy Council of Scotland, and in like Manner requiring and ordaining the several rree holders in the respective Shires and Steuartries, to meet and convene at the head Burghs of their several i6geo. z. C i 4 Shires and Steuartries, to elccl their Commissioners, conform to the Order above let down, and or' '

daining the Clerks of the said Meetings immediately after the said Elections are over, respectively to return the Names of the Persons elected to the Clerks of the Privy Council: And lastly, ordaining the.

City of Edinburgh to elect their Commissioner, and the other Royal Burrows to elect each of them a 4 Commissioner, as they have been in use to elect Commissioners to the Parliament, and to find the said respective Commissioners at such Times, to such Burghs, within their respective Districts, as her majesty and Successors by such Proclamation shall appoint; requiring and ordaining the Common Clerk of the respective Burghs, where such election shall be appointed to be made, to attend the said Meetings,

and immediately after the Election to return the Name of the Person so elected (certified under his Hand)

4 to the Clerk of Privy Council, to the end that the Names of the sixteen Peers, thirty Commissioners for Shires, and fifteen Commissioners for Burghs, being so returned to the Privy Council, may be returned to the Court from whence the Writ did issue under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, conform to the said twenty second Article: And whereas by the said twenty second Article it is agreed, That if her Majesty shall on or before the first Day of May next declare, that it is expedient the Lords and Commons of the present Parliament of England, should be the Members of the respective Houses of the first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part of England, they shall accordingly be the Mem hers of the Lid respective Houses, for and on the Part of England; her Majesty, with Advice and Con sent aforesaid, in that Case only, doth hereby statute and ordain, that the sixteen Peers, and fortyfive Commissioners for Shires and Burghs, who shall be chosen by the Peers, Barons and Burghs respectively,

in this present Session of Parliament, and out of the Members thereof, in the same Manner as Committees of Parliament are usually now chosen, shall be the imembers of the respective Houses of the Vo 1.. IV IT h said

C said first Parliament of Great Britain, for and on the Part' of Scotland. Which Nomination and Elec tion being certified by a Writ under the Lord Clerk register's Hand, the Persons so nominated and elected shall have Right to sit and vote in the House of Lords, and in the House of Commons, of the said first Parliament of Great Britain.

Act aforesaid de £ As by the said Act passed in Scotland, for settling the Manner ofelefting the sixteen Peers, and chrcd valid. C fortyfive Members, to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain, may appear; 'Be it th.ve

fartha prc vl fore further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last mentioned Act passed il"tbr 'limin' n Scotlamt fr settling the Manner of electing the sixteen Peers, and fortyfive Members, to represent scot ff 6 ann.c"l. n Parliament of Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be, and the same is hereby declared to be

7 Am. C 11. as valid as if the same had been Part of, and engrossed in the said Articles of Union ratified and approved and see 2 j Geo. 2. by the said Act of Parliament of Scotland, and by this Act, as aforesaid.

C 19. and 22

Geo. 2. c. 48. for regulating Trials in High Treason in Scotland,

CAP. IX.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing escapes out of the queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

WHEREAS the Inheritance and Custody of several County Gaols are in private Persons, by Means whereof the good Intent of a certain Act made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, 1 Ann, flat. 2. £ intituled An act for the better preventing Escapes cut of the queen's Bench and Fleet Prisons, may be in C £ Counties defeated and eluded To the end therefore that the said Act may be rendered more effectual

; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Au persons taken by thority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons, who from and after the five and twentieth virtue f lannce, jay Gf jffarc}j in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, shall be seized or taken by niittedto Prison Virtue or Authority of the said Act, shall instead of being committed to the Common Gaol of the County where sheriff wherein such Person or Persons shall be taken, be conveyed and committed to the Prison or Place where keeps Prisoners the Sheriff of such County detains or keeps the Debtors or Prisoners for Debt or Damage, there to remain for Debt, and rein the Custody of the Sheriff of such County, subject to the same Rules and Directions, and under the "ij" Sherlffs same Reflections, Regulations, and Penalties, and in such Manner and Form in all and every Respect, as if the said Person or Persons had been committed to the Common Gaol of the County; and if any Person or Persons so taken and committed as aforesaid, shall at any Time make any Escape out of the said Prison or Place to which he, he, or they be so committed, as aforesaid, the Sheriff in whose Custody he, she, or they was or were, shall be answerable for such Escape to the Party grieved, in like Manner as in the Case of any other Escape.

II. And to the Intent that the Benefit of the said former Act may the more easily be had, in case the Person or Persons escaping shall be seen in Places distant from the City of London; Be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any one of the Judges of the respective Courts in the said former Act mentioned, to grant like Warrant and Warrants, upon Oath in Writing to be made before any Person commissionated under the Seal of the same Court to take Affidavits in the Country, (the same Oath being first duly filed) as by the said former Act he is empowered to do upon like Oath made before himself.

III. And be it declared and enacted, That it is and shall be lawful to apprehend and take, upon the lord's Day, any Person or Persons by virtue of any Warrant or Warrants granted in pursuance of this or of the said former Act.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons is, are or shall be in Custody of any Sheriff or other Officer, either by virtue of the said Act, or of this present Act, or otherwise, for not performing any Decree of the High Court of Chancery, or Court of Exchequer, whereby any Sum or Sums of Money is ordered or decreed to be paid, and shall afterwards make any Escape from

liable to a C the Sheriff or other Officer, that then and in such Case the Person and Personr, their Executors or e say to whom the Money was to be paid by the said Decree, shall have the same Remedy against the said Sheriff, as if such Person or Persons so escaping had been in Custody upon an Execution at Law, and shall and may recover the several Sum and Sums of Money decreed to be paid to him, her, or them in and by such Decree, against such Sheriff or other Officer, together with his, her, or their Costs of Suit, in any Action or Actions of Debt, or upon the Case, to be brought or commenced against such Sheriff or other Officer in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at tfcjhninjhr, wherein no Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted, or any more than one Imparlance; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And for the Prevention of Disputes touching this present Act; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same and every Clause and Thing therein contained, shall be adjudged and taken

Tor farther Pro 10 be a general Law, and that it shall not be needful to set forth the same in pleading, or any Part visions concerning thereof.

Prisoners, see 9

Cm. 1. C i8. 11 Geo. j. C 22, 11 Geo. 2. r. 20, j6 Geo. 2. f. 31. 27 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 17. and 32 Geo. 1. c. 28.

Custody.

Sheriff answerable for Escape.'

Escape Warrant may be granted upon Affidavit, made in the Country.

Persons may be apprehended by Warrant on a Sunday.

Person in cu dody of Sheriff on a Decree, and making his Escape, Sheriff

Act to be a general Law.

CAP. X

A.D. 1706.

235

Anno quinto anne Reginae. C 10 — 14.

Cap. X

An Act for repairing the Highway between Hockliffe and Wohorne in the County of Bedford. E X p.

CAP. XI.

An Act for continuing the Acts formerly made for repairing of the Highways in the County of Hertford. 15 Car. 2. C 1. For Repair of the Highways in the County of Hertford. Moiety of the Toll taken at ivacles mi/fcon 16 &7 car tinued for 15 Years. If Highways be before sufficiently repaired, Toll to cease. Power of Officers,'&c'w m. tsfe. in the former Acts continued. [Repealed as to the County of Hertford by 6 Geo. 2. c. 24.] P R. C 9.

6 Geo. 1. c. 20.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the enlarging the Passage leading to New Palace Yard through the Gatehouse, Westminster,

EXP.

P R,

CAP. XIII.

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills? t Anna;, (tat. 1. whereby a Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds is intended to be raised for carrying on C 13. the War and other her Majesty's Occasions. Duties on Houses granted by 7 & 8 W. 3. C 18. econ9 & 10 3-

tinued for ever. Subject to Redemption. Former Powers revived. Farther Provisions relating hereto, cia4^k stat I 7 Annae, C 7. Duties after last July 1710. appropriated for a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequerf, J; J.

Bills. Exchequer Bills to be made forth for any Sum not exceeding 1, 500, 000l. Bills so issued to be 5 Aat. C 27. taken for Taxes, C Bank to have 4l. 10 s. percent, for circulating Exchequer Bills, in Proportion?. ls> as the same shall be issued, idc. Lord Treasurer, Csfr. on the four quarterly Feast Days of the Year, from the first issuing of the Bills until Michaelmas, 17(0. to compute the Sum due to Bank on every such Feast Day, C and make out new Bills, C Officers, &c. to be appointed for managing and levying the Duties. Account of Moneys to be kept in auditor's Office. Allowance to be paid at the Exchequer weekly. Penalty on Officer misapplying Moneys, &c. Surplus of Duties, &c. disposable to public Use. Bank to exchange Exchequer Bills for ready Money, with Interest due, and remain a Corporation until Bills be cancelled. Bank refusing to pay Bill, Person demanding may bring his Action. No Interest to run after Bill is paid into Exchequer, &c. Interest Bills paid to Collector of Taxes, &c. to be signed, and Day of the Month wrote when paid, &c. On one year's Notice, and Payment of the Principal and Interest, Bills to be cancelled, and the Fund to cease, &c. Forging or counterfeiting Bill, &c. Felony. Bank to have one Part of the Checques of all such Bills. Governor, &c. may call in any Sums necessary for circulating Bills. Member neglecting to pay his Share,

Dividend to be stopped. Fund not liable to foreign Attachment. Exempt from Taxes, and to be deemed a personal Estate, and go to Executors, Until Bills be cancelled no other Exchequer Bills to be issued. Not to hinder Redemption of original Fund of 100, 000l. per Annum granted to Bank. Lottery Tickets, Exchequer Bills, &c. burnt or lost before 6 February 1706. Officers, &c. on Certificate and Affidavit, &c. to make forth new ones. [Repealed, and other Duties granted, by 20 Geo. 2. C J

CAP. XIV.

An act for the better Preservation of the Game.

WHEREAS several Laws have been already enacted for the better Preservation of the Game, jj R. 4. ft. u

1 ard by Experience been found not sufficient to prevent destroying the Game, by reason of the o 13. list. 7.'Multitude of Higlars and other Chapmen, which give great Encouragement to idle loose Persons toc '7* 9# 7»*neglect their lawful Employ nents, to follow and destroy the same; 'For Remedy whereof, and the' more effectual Preservation of the Game, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and C El.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parlia C 10. 1 Jac. 1; ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every of the Laws now in being for the 27. better Preservation of the Game, shall continue, remain, and be in the same Force, not hereby repealed or altered. m. t f. All

Laws for Preservation of the Game to continue in force, CII

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Higlar, Chapman, Carrier, Inn Higlar, Carrier keeper, Victualler, or alehouse keeper, shall from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven not to have hundred and seven, have in his or their Custody or Possession any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, ln h's cul[^y heath game, or Grouse, or shall buy, fell, or offer to sell any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, Heath^'agame, or Grouse, every such Higlar, Chapman, innkeeper, Victualler, alehouse keeper, or Carrier c 'or buy 0y (unless such Game in the Hands of such Carrier be sent up by Person or Persons qualified to kill the fell hart, c. game) shall upon every such Offence be carried before some Justice of the Peace for the County, Riding, on i'enaltyof 3l. City, or M own Corporate, or Liberties where the said Offence is committed; and upon View, or upon the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, shall be convicted of the same, shall forfeit for every Hare,

Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, heath game, or Grouse, the Sum of five Pounds, one Half to the Informer,

and the other Half to the Poor of the Parish where the ©ffence was committed; the same to be levied by to be levied by

Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice or Justices Distiefs, C

'Of

236 C 14.

Anno quinto Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1706.

of the Peace before whom such Offender or Offenders hall be convicted, rendering the Overplus (if any be) the Charge of distraining being first deducted; and for want of Distress, the Offender or Offenders be committed to the House of Correction for the first Offence, for the Space of three Months, without Bail or Mainprize, and for every such other Offence, for the Space of four Months; provided that such Conviction be made within three Months after such Offence committed; and that if any Certiorari shall be allowed to remove any Conviction made, or other Proceedings of or concerning any Matter or Thing in this Act, into any of the Courts at West mi after, upon any Pretence whatsoever, unless the Party or Parties, against whom such Conviction shall be made, shall, before the Allowance of such Certiorari, become bound to the Person or Persons prosecuting the same, in the Sum of fifty Pounds, with such sufficient Securities as the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Offender shall be convicted, shall think fit, with Condition to pay unto the Prosecutors, within fourteen Days after such Conviction or Procedendo granted, their full Costs and Charges, to be ascertained upon their Oaths; and that in Default thereof, it shall be lawful for the said Justice or Justices, or others, to proceed for the due Execution of such Conviction, in such Manner as if no such Certiorari had been awarded.

Encouragement m, for the better Discovery of such Higlar, Chapman, Carrier, innkeeper, alehouse keeper, and Victualler, as shall offer to buy or sell any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, heath game, or Grouse; nicove be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, any Perries. soil that shall destroy, fell, or buy any Hare, Pheafanr, Moor, heath game, or Grouse, and shall within

: three Months make Discovery of any Higlar, Chapman, Carrier, innkeeper, alehouse keeper, or Victualler, that hath bought or sold, or offered to buy or sell, or had in their Possession any.hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, heath game, or Grouse, so as any one hall be convicted of such Offence, in Manner as aforesaid, such discoverer to be discharged of the Pains and Penalties hereby enacted for killing or selling such Game as aforesaid, shall receive the same Benefit or Advantage as any other Informer shall be intituled to, by virtue of this Act, for such Discovery and Information.

efied°7o And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, not qualified by the

Greyhounds, pc. Law's of this Realm so to do, shall keep or use any Grey Hounds, Setting Dogs, Hayes, Lurchers, tun and destroy the nells, or any other Engines to kill and destroy the Game, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Oath Game, to so> feit of one or two credible Witnesses, by the Justice or Justices of the Peace where such Offence is committed 5]. to be levied as aforesaid, the Person or Persons so convicted, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; one Half to be saie^&c add - pal to the Informer, and the other Plalf to the Poor of the Parish where the same was committed; the lame to be levied by Distress and Sale of the Offenders Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of Justices, or Lords such Justice or Justices, before whom such Person or Persons shall ie convicted as aforesaid; and for of Manors, C want of such Distress, the Offender or Off enders shall be sent to the House of Correction for the Space may take away Of three Months for the first Offence, and for every such other Offence, four Months; and that it shall from hidar&or anc may be lawful to and for any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, in their respective Counties, Person not' Ridings, Cities, Towns Corporate, or Liberty, and the Lords and Ladies of his, her, their, or any of qualified: t'tir respective Manors, within the said Manors, to take away any such Hare, Pheasant, Partridge,

And also their Moor, heath game, or Grouse, or any other Game, from any such Higlar, Chapman, innkeeper, Vic dogs, Nets, &c. tualler, or Carrier, or any other Person or Persons not qualified to kill the same, and shall: found in None shall be " " ^eir Custody or Possession; dikewife to take away such Dogs, Nets, or other Engines, which shall made Game be in the Power or Custody of any Person or Persons not qualified by the Laws to keep the same, to their keepers bucper own proper Use, without being accountable to any Person or Persons for the same; and that it shall and Ibm qualified or may be lawful for any Lord or Lady of his or her respective Lordship or Manor, by writing under his or her Hand and Seal, to empower his or her game keeper or game keepers, upon his or her own Lordship or Manor as aforesaid, to kill Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, or any other Game whatsoever; if the! said game keeper shall, under Colour or Pretence of the said Power and Authority to kill or take the same for the Use of such Lord or Lady, and afterwards sell and dispose thereof to any Person or Persons Game, and tel whatsoever, without the Consent or knowledge of the Lord or Lady of such Manor or Manors that hath consent^of^lord s'vcn ut b Power or Authority, in Manner as aforesaid, and shall be thereof convicted upon the Com. nf Manor C ph.irtt of such Lord or Lady of any Manor, and upon the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, before any one or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace as aforesaid, upon such Conviction such game keeper shall be committed to the House of Correction for the Space of three Months, and there to be kept to hard labour. And this Act shall remain and be in force for the Space of three Years, from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, and from thence to the End of the next sef 'burn^.'i. 458. fidns of Parliament, and no longer.

cr faueu, ' V And whereas the burning of Heath, Ling and Brakes or Fern upon the Forest of Sherwood in the County of Nottingham, and in the Parts thereunto adjacent, as it is frequently used by diverse disorderly and dissolute Persons, doth not only destroy the Breed of Game, but hath also very frequently been the Occasion of burning, damaging, and destroying, of great Quantities of Wood, Timber, and Fences within the said Forest, and Places thereunto adjacent, to the great Damage and Prejudice of the Owners No Heath, Ling, ' thereof; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any or brakes to^bc^. Time after the said first Day of May, set fire to any Ling, Heath, or Brakes growing upon any Part of the V — said Forest, or on any other Waste, Common, or Land within the said County of Nottingham, or shall cut any Ling, Heath, or Brakes, in order to be burnt to Allies upon the Ground, or shall burn the same to Ashes upon the Ground, in ariy Part of the said Forest, or in any Waste, Common, or Land, lying within the said County, without Licence from the Owner of the Soil where such Offence hall be committed, ball forfeit to the Owner of the Soil where such Offence hall be committed, ten Shillings, and all the Allies which shall be so burnt; and every Person and Persons who shall buy Fern Allies of the Lord? Servants.

Penalty on Game keeper, killing the

This Act made perpetual by <) Anna?, C 25, as altered by that Act.

burnt in Forest of Sherwood, without Licence of Owner, on Penalty.

None to buy Fern Ashes oa Penalty

J.

any

Anno quinto Ankm Reginae.

C 15 — 18. 237

any such unlicensed Person or Persons within the said County, hall forfeit for every Peck of such Ashes; which shall be so bought, the Sum of ten shillings; one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as shall give Information of the said Offence; and it hall be lawful for the Keepers and Officers of such Parts of the said Forest, and for the.owners of the Land or Soil where any the said Offences shall be committed, their Servants and Agents, to take away, for his and their own Use, the Scithes, Rakes, and other i11 struments to be used for any the Purposes aforesaid, of every Person and Persons who they hall find so offending; and it shall be lawful fqr any one or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon Complaint made to him or them against any Person or Persons for any the said Offences, to feud forth his or their Warrant or Warrants to bring the Person or Persons so complained of before him or them; and if the Person or Persons so complained of, shall be convict of any of the said Offences before such Justice or Justices, by the Oath or Oaths of one or more Witness or Witnesses, then and in such Case the Party so convict, shall immediately after such Conviction, pay such Penalties and Forfeitures as are hereby bet sore imposed for the said Offences respectively, to such Person and Persons as the same Penalties and Forfeitures are hereby appointed to be paid; and in Default thereof hall be committed by such Justice or Justices to the House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of one Month, unless the said Penalties and Forfeitures shall be in the mean Time paid. C 2. -, go 1

C 11. S Gee. 1. C 19. 10 Geo. 2. c. 32. 26 Geo. 2. C z. and 2s Gee. 2. C jz.

CAP. XV.

An Act for the better recruiting of her Majesty's Land Forces and the Marines, for the Year one thou exp,

sand seven hundred and seven.

Justices to issue their Warrants for Offenders,

Tcrlher Prcrv: Jims t elating n Game, 9 Ann.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An EXP. Aa for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Mujlers, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

CAP. XVII.

An Act to repeal all the Laws prohibiting the Importation of foreign Lace made of Thread.

WHEREAS it is by Experience found, That an Act passed in the Parliament held at west

minster, in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles 13 & 14 Car. 2; ' the Second, intituled, An Act prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bone Lace, Cut Work, Embroidery, C 13-'

Fringe, Band Strings, Buttons, and Needlework, as also diverse other Acts heretofore made, prohibiting or retraining the Importation of foreign Lace, or for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importion of foreign Lace, have obffrufted the Exportation and Vending or Selling of the Woollen Manufactures of England in the Spanish Low Countries, and other Places Abroad Now for the Remedy thereof, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the queen's mot Excellent Majety, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, ard by the Authority of the same, That the aforesaid Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth 'll'ears of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and also all and every other Act and Acts of Parlia All Acts which ment whatsoever which prohibit or retrain the Importation, Vending, or Selling of foreign Lace, be prohibit the im henceforth repealed so far forth as the said Acts relate to foreign Lace made of Thread in the said spanish^tlace°*re", Low Countries, or in any other Place not within the Dominions of the French King; and that the afore p^"di are' re" mentioned Acts, and every Clause, Matter and Thing in them contained, so far as they relate to such foreign Lace made of Thread except as is before excepted) be and are hereby repealed and made void.

II. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained shall any ways extend, or be construed Not to extend to to extend to permit or allow of the Importation of Lace made in any the Dominions of the French King, Lace ln, or in any of the Lands, Towns, or Countries in the Possession of the Duke of Anjou, so long as they shall an remain or continue in the Possession of the said French king.or Duke respectively. jou sdominions.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for Inrollments of Bargains and Sales within the West Riding of the County of York, in the Register Office there lately provided, and for making the said Register more effectual.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled. For Inrollments of Bargains and Sales, it is enacted, That no Manors, Lands, Tenements, or other Hereditaments flail pass, alter, or change from one to another, whereby any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold hall be made, or take effect in any Person or Persons, or any Use thereof to be made, by.reason only of any Bargain and Sale thereof, except the said Bargain and Sale be made by Writing indented, sealed, and enrolled in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties where the same Manors, Lands, or Tenements so bargained and sold lie or be, before the Cufos Rotulorum, and two Justices. of the Peace, and the Cle k of the Peace of the same County or Counties, or two of them at the least, whereof the Clerk of the Peace to be one; which Act hath been found by Experience to be of little or no Use within the West Riding of the County of York, as to the Inrollments of Bargains and Sales within the said West

- ' Riding,

27 H. S. C 16. Farther provisions relating hereto,

6 Annre, C 35. sea, 34.

238 C 18.

Anno quin to anne Regina.

ssr 3 Anns, C 4.

Register Office at Wakefield,

A.D. 1706.

Riding, for that the Clerk of the Peace thereof for the time being, who hath the keeping of the said in rollments within the said West' Riding, is not by the said Act enjoined to give any Security for the safe keeping, nor under any Penalty for the negligent keeping of the said Inrollments, nor is there by the said Act any certain Place appointed for keeping thereof: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the public regijlring of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, that shall be made of any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the West Riding of the County of York, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and four; a public Office hath been crested.and established at Wakefield within the said West Riding, at the public Charge thereof, for registring and safe keeping of Memorials of all Deeds,

Conveyances, and Wills within the said Riding, and a public Register hath been chosen, who hath,

according to the Direction of the same Act, given sufficient Security for the due Execution of the said Office For the rendering the refore the aforesaid Act, made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, more effectual and beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said West Riding, as to all Inrollments of Bargains and Sales within the said West Riding; may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, all Bargains and Sales of any. Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said West Priding, which shall be enrolled before the said Register, or his Deputy for the time being, in the said public Office at Wakefield, shall be as good, effectual, and available, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the same had been enrolled in one of the queen's Courts of Record at Westminster, or before the Custos Rotulorum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the Clerk of the Peace of the said West Riding, or two of them, according to the aforesaid Act made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth; and the said Register, or his Deputy, for the time being (together with one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Riding) shall have Power to take and enter the Acknowledgement of the Bargainer, if but one, or of one of the Bargainers, if more, in such Bargains and Sales; and shall well and sufficiently inroll, by ingrafting in Parchment Rolls or Parchment Books, all such Bargains and Sales as shall for that Purpose be acknowledged before him as aforesaid; and shall endorse a Certificate on such Bargains and Sales, of the Times of inrolling thereof, and sign the same; and the Rolls or Books thereof shall safely keep in the said public Office, there to remain upon Record amongst the Memorials of Deeds there registered,

II. And be it further enacted, That all Deeds of Bargain and Sale so enrolled in the said Public of Register Office as aforesaid, which shall appear to be so enrolled by an Endorsement or Certificate on thd said Deeds of Bargain and Sale signed by the said Register, or his Deputy, and that all Copies of the Inrollments thereof remaining on Record in the said Register Office, shall be allowed in all Courts wlieri such Bargains and Sales, or Copies shall be produced, to be as good and sufficient Evidence as any Bargains and Sales enrolled in any of the Courts at Westminster, and the Copies of the Inrollments thereof.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Inrollment of every such Deed in the said Register Office as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be the entering of a Memorial thereof, pursuant to the said Act made in the second Year of her present Majesty's Reign, and shall have the same Force and Effect upon the Estate therein mentioned, in relation to all subsequent Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and to all other Intents and Purposes, as if a Memorial of such enrolled Deed had been entered in the said Register Office, pursuant to the said Act.

WAND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance (other than such as shall be entered into in the Name, and upon the proper Account of her Majesty,

..her Pleirs and Successors) which shall be obtained, or entered into, after the said four and twentieth Day

but from Time of June in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, shall affect or bind any ma thac a Memorial nors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the said West Riding, but th.<jeofr e on)d frorp the Time that a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance shall be entered at the Office. cts r eg fter Office, expressing and containing, in case of such Judgement, the Names of the Plaintiffs, and the Names and Additions therein of the Defendants, the Sums thereby recovered, and the Time of the signing thereof; and in case of Statutes; and Recognizances, expressing and containing the Date of such Statute or Recognisance, the Names and Additions of the Cognizors and Cognizees therein, and for what Sums, and before whom the same were acknowledged; and that in order to the making an Entry of such Memorials of Judgments, Statutes and Recognizances as aforesaid, the Party and Parties desiring the same, shall produce to, and leave with the said Register, or his Deputy, to be filed in the said Public or respher Office, a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute or Recognisance, signed by the proper Officer, who shall sign such Judgement, or his Successor in the same Office, or by the proper Officer in whose Office such Statute or Recognisance shall be enrolled, together with an Affidavit sworn before one of the Judges at weflminster, or a Mailer in Chancery, that such Memorial was duly signed by the Officer whose Name shall appear to be thereunto set; which Memorial such respective Officer is hereby required to give such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Cognizee or Cognizees, or his, her, or their Executors or administrators, or Attorney, or any of them, he, she, or they paying for the same the Sum of one Shilling, and no more.

V. And be it further enacted, That the said Register, or his Deputy, shall make an Entry, and likewise, il required, shall give a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, testified by two credible Witnesses, of every such Memorial of any Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance brought to him to be so registered 4 as

iram 14 June 1707, all Bargains and Sales of Lands, &c. in West Riding of Yorkshire, enrolled in Regift er's Office at Wakefield, to be good in Law, as if enrolled at Westminster. Inrollments to be in Parchment,

and allowed in ail Courts.

Such Inrollment deemed entering a Memorial thereof.

No Judgement, <5rc. to affect any Manors, C in West Riding,

Manner of making Entry.

Register to cfttet such Memorials,

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto Ann, e Reginae.

C 18. 239

as aforesaid, and therein mention the certain Day on which such Memorial is so registered or entered, expressing also in what Book, Page and Number the same is entered.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Recognisance entered into by the Condition of present Register, and hereafter to be entered into by the Register for the time being, at the Time of his rcsifl«'s re being sworn into the said Office of Register, conditioned for the true and faithful Performance of his c0smzance> Duty in the Execution of his said Office, shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to stand and be to all Intents and Purposes a Security, as well for the due Inrollment, and safe keeping when enrolled, of the said Inrollments of all Bargains and Sales that shall be enrolled before the said Register, or his Deputy, for the time being, by virtue of this present Act, and for all other Duties appointed by him to be done by this Act, as for the true and faithful Performance of his Duty in the Execution of his said Office of Register; and that the said Register and his Deputy for the time being, shall be liable to the like Breaches and Forfeitures of the said Recognisance, for and in respect of any Neglect or Breach of his Duty required of him by this present Act, as for any Neglect or Breach of his Duty in the Execution of his said Office of Register.

VII. And be it further enacted, That the said Register for the time being, shall] be allowed for inrol The same Sees ling every such Bargain and Sale, and Memorial as aforesaid, and for Certificates, Copies and Searches 33 by a Annas, respectively, the like respective Sees that are, by the aforesaid Act made in the second Year of her pre c. 4-

sent majesty's Reign, appointed for the entering Memorials of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and for Certificates, Copies, and Searches respectively, and no more.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit Penalty on forg any Entry of the Acknowledgment of any Bargainer in any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, or any 'nor cuter such Memorial, Certificate, or Endorsement as are herein mentioned or directed, and be thereof lawfully eume " ry' convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur, and be liable to such Pains and Penalties as in and by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act against Forgers of false seliz. C 14, Deeds and Writings, are imposed upon Persons so forging or publishing of false Deeds, Charters, or Writings sealed Court Rolls or Wills, whereby the Freehold or Inheritance of any Person or Persons of, in or to any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, shall or may be molested, troubled or charged: And Acd on Person that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forswear himself before the said Register, or his Deputy, or before any Judge or Mailer in Chancery, in any of the Cases herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur, and be liable to the same Penalties, as if the same Oath had been made in any of the Courts of Record at tfejhninjier.

IX. And be it further enacted, That all Certificates required by this Actor by the said Act made in Certificates to bt the second Year of her present Majesty's Reign to be given by the said Register, or his Deputy, in case fi£nei byre of Searches in the said Public or Register Office, shall be signed by the said Register, or his Deputy, in E' er'

the Presence of two credible Persons, who shall set their Names thereto as Witnesses to the signing thereof.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Mortgages that shall be in n Certificate rolled in the said Register Office, pursuant to this Actor whereof Memorials have been, or shall be en thit Mone>' du tred, pursuant to the said Act made in the second Year of her present Majesty's Reign; and also in case C is°pifdsre of Judgments, Statutes and Recognizances, whereof Memorials shall be entered in the said Register Office, guter to make pursuant to this Act; if at any Time afterwards, a Certificate shall be brought to the said Register, or an Entry there his Deputy, signed by the respective Mortgagors and Mortgagees in such Mortgage, Plaintiffs and Defen dants in such Judgement, Cognizor and Cognizees in such Statute or Recognisance respectively, their 2 & 3 Ann, respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and attested by two Witnesses, whereby it shall appear, C

that all Moneys due upon such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute or Recognisance respectively, have been paid or satisfied in discharge thereof; which Witnesses shall upon their Oath before the said Register, or his Deputy, (who are hereby respectively empowered to administer such Oath) prove such Moneys to be satisfied or paid accordingly, and that they saw such Certificate signed by the said Mortgagors and Mortgagees, Plaintiffs and Defendants, Cognizors and Cognizees respectively, their respective Executors, Administrators or Assigns; that then and in every such Jafe the said Register, or his Deputy, shall make an Entry in the Margents of the said Register Books, against the Inrollment of such Mortgage or Registry of the Memorial thereof, and against the Registry of such Judgement, Statute or Recognisance respectively, that such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute or Recognisance respectively, was satisfied and discharged according to such Certificate, to which the same Entry shall refer; and shall after file such Certificate, to remain upon Record in the said Register Office.

XI. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Judgement, Statute or Recognisance, be provlf° in case registered in the said Register Office, within thirty Days after the Acknowledgment or signing thereof, J "ns7en all the Lands that the Defendant or Cognizor had at the Time of such Acknowledgment or signing, afte/fig^ed.^5 shall be bound thereby.

XII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Act to be a Kingdom as a public Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons therein concerned, are hereby Public; Aa. required, as such, to take Notice thereof, without special pleading the same.

gifer for Middlesex, and 8 Geo. 2. c. 6. appointing a Register for the North Riding of Yarhshire,

C A 1\

For the Applica twn of 40000 L per Ann. out of the Surplus arising from this Art.

I'taoobol. and 35000 i. to be raised.

Duties oh Law Wines, Hawkers, Vellum, fcc. granted. Sec 5 anr.te> C is.

Low Wines, q & 4 Ann,

c>4' '

made perpetual by 1 Geo. 1. flat, 2. C 12. §. 8.

1 Geo. 2. c. 16.

further continued for 96 Years $ made perpetual by 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 12. §.8. Hawkers and Pedlars.

9 & 10 W. 3. C 27.

3 & 4 Anns, C

farther continu ed;

made perpetual by 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 12. §. 8.

In whar Manner Duties shall be leed

& Annas, C 4,

C 19. Anno quinto Ann Reginae. A.D. 1706.

CAP. XIX.

An act for continuing the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on ikimpt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one third Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain Overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressed.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament assembled, coniidenng the great Charges necessary for carrying on the War, and how far your majesty's Subjects are at present burdened with Taxes already laid for that Purpose; and being the refore willing, by such easy and effectual Ways and Means as in this Act are expressed and intended, to raise a Sum of Money not exceeding one Million and one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, Part of the Money necessary to be provided in this Session of Parliament for your majesty's Supply, and a further Sum not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, to be applied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, towards making good the Payment of the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, have for that End and Purpose cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the Rates and Duties upon Low Wines, and spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties to be paid by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and the Rates and Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the Duties upon Sweets, and the additional Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties hereafter in this Act expressed or referred unto, for and during such Term and Terms of fears respectively as are in this Act mentioned in that Behalf; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty to accept thereof, and that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every such or the like Duties for and upon all Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction, as by the Act of Parliament made and passed in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon Low Wines, and upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, Spices, and Pictures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and, upon Muslins, and for granting new Duties upon several of tyre said Commodities, and also upon Calicoes, China Wares and Drugs, were continued or granted until the four and twentieth Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall, by Virtue of this Act, be further continued and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, to be made or drawn by any Distiller, or other Persons making or drawing Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale or Exportation, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from the three and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the Term of ninety six Years, from thence next and immediately ensuing, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed: And that all and every such and the like several Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money, to be paid by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and such other Persons as are described in one Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Ademory, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and all the Powers for granting Licences, and other Powers, and all Clauses, Directions, Allowances, Penalties, Forfeitures, Articles, Matters, and Things therein contained, relating to the said Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Persons described in the said Act, which by the said Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign hath Continuance until the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable, and be practised, observed, and put in Execution, by Virtue of this Act, from the three and twentieth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the like Term of ninety six Years from thence next and immediately ensuing: The said several Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money, for and upon all Low Wines, Spirits of the first Extraction, and upon all Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and all other Persons described as aforesaid, to be paid during the said respective Terms of ninety six Years, and to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, to the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Adethods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and subject to such Drawbracks, Allowances, and Repayments, and in such Manner and Form in all Respects, as the like Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money respectively granted or continued by the said Act of the third I Year of her Majesty's Reign are thereby, or by any other Act of Parliament whereunto the said Act hath I Reference, or by any other Law now in Force, prescribed, enacted, or appointed to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for during the Continuance thereof respectively.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such of the Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Flatters, and Things provided, settled, or established by the said Acts, or any of them, or by any other Act now in Force, whereunto the same, or any of them have or hath

Relation,

Anno quinto Anjde Regina;

C ig. 24.1

Relation, for the better raising, levying, recovering, answering, or paying the said respective Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and other Former Powers Persons described as aforesaid, thereby granted, 01 for making any Drawbacks, Repayments, or Allow revives, ances out of any of the said several and respective Duties upon Exportations, shall be revived, and be continued, and be in Force and Virtue, during the Continuance of this Act, and further, for the Recovery of all the Arrearages and Sums of Money, which shall become due or payable to her Majesty, her.heirs or successors, upon this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, and every of them, were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Rates and Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as were granted to their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by an Act made in the Parliament held at Westminster, in the fifth and sixth Years of their

Reigns, intituled An act for granting to their Majestics, several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper 5 & 6 W. & M. for four Years, towards carrying on the jvar against France, and which by an Act of Parliament made in the C 21. eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, were continued until the first Day of S W. 3. august one thousand seven hundred and six, and which by an Act of the first Year of her now majesty's C 20.

Reign, intituled An act for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit, were continued from 1 Anns, flat, the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and six, to the first' Day of august which shall be in the 1. C 13.

Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall by Virtue of this Act be further continued, '

and he due and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, from the last Day of July which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the Term of ninety six Years from Rates on Vel

thence next and immediately ensuing, for the Uies and Purposes in this Act expressed; that the said lum, C forge

Act for granting the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and all Powers, Provisions, Pe years

nalties, and Forfeitures, Articles, and Clauses therein, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in Made perpetual

Force, concerning the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall continue and be in full by 1 Geo. i.stat*

Force and Eft'eft, and shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, for the raising, levying collectc iz §8-

ing, answering, and paying, the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, hereby continued,

during the said Term of ninety six Years, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of

this Act.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That in all Cases, where any further or other Alterations to be Provision or Alteration is made by any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, in relation to the observed.

laid Dpties upon Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the said Duties payable by Hawkers,

Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and others, and the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or any of them, such other Provisions, or Alterations shall be observed and complied with, during the Continuance of the respective Terms hereby granted in the same Duties respectively; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid. there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid Sweets to pay

to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, (for the Purposes in this Act expressed) for every Barrel of 36s. per Barrel, Sweets made, which shall be for Sale, from and after the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand for 99 Years. seven hundred and six, within or during the Space of ninety-nine Years, from thence next and immedi ^geo^'stat ately ensuing, the Sum of thirty and six Shillings, the same Duty to be paid by the Maker and Makers of f '

the said Sweets, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity. 'reduced to'

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, 32s. by io Geo. Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses Matters, and Things, which in and by anc* 57-'

Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in Force relating to the Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors; and which in and by another Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (of glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for laying further Duties upon Sweets, and for lessening the Duties as well upon,

Vinegar as upon certain Low Wines and whale fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported, and for the more enfy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for charging Cynders, and for permitting the Importation of Pearl ashes, and for preventing Abus sin brewing Beer and Ale, and Fronds in the Importation of Tobacco, or by any other Law then in force relating to the duties on Sweets, granted by the last mentioned Act, are provided, settled, or established, for raising, levying, collecting, recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties Former Powers thereby granted, or any of them, shall be exercised, practised, applied, uled, levied, recovered, and putin force for coi in Execution, for the raising, levying, collecting, recovering, and paying the Duties on Sweets hereby leaing Duties on granted, during the Continuance of the same, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if Sweets, all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Ruies, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses,

Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

VII. And for the better, and more sure Payment of all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising, from Time to Time, by or for the said Duties upon Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and by or for the said Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and others as aforesaid, and by or for the said several Rates and Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and by and for the said Duties upon Sweets re speftively, by this Act granted and continued, and every of them, (the necessary Charges of managing, raising, levying, collecting, answering, paying, and accounting for the Laid several Rates, and other Duties only excepted) shall, from Time to Time, from and after the respectiv? Commencements thereof,

vol.iv., LI for

is

24-

; Car, s.

10 & 11 W. 3.

242

Receivers General to pay the Moneys into the Exchequer.

3 Ann si, flat, i,

Weekly,

Additional Subsidies, Tunnage, iloals, C 4. C 6.

Further continued.

Out of the Overplus Money arising Anna, C 6.

5 W. Sc Mv C y. 4 Annre, C 6.

Lord Treasurer to make good the quarterly Payments, &c.

Annac, C 6.

C 19. Anno quinto anne Reginae. A.D. 1706.

for and during the said several Terms of Years therein granted, or intended to be granted by this Act, be brought and paid by the respective Receivers General, or such Persons as for the Time being shall have the Receipt thereof, as the same shall be raised (who are hereby required and enjoined to bring and pay the same accordingly) into the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, distinctly and separately from all other Moneys whatsoever that are or shall be payable by them into the said Receipt: And that from and immediately after the Time that all the Principal and Interest Moneys, which by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, are charged upon the aforesaid Rates and Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper thereby granted, shall be satisfied and paid off, or that Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer sufficient for that Purpose, then the aforesaid Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, to arise by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the Remainder of the Term thereby granted, and therein then to come and unexpired, (except the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, and accounting for the same) shall in like Manner from Time to 1'iine be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, distinctly and apart as aforesaid: And the respective Commissioners and Receivers General of the said several Rates and Duties hereby required to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall make or cause to be made Payments thereof into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the true Meaning of this Act, weekly, to wit, on wednesday in every Week, if it be not an holy day; and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an holy day.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional Subsidies of Tonnage anti' Poundage, and other Duties, which in and by the Act of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and additional Duties of Excise, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby., and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities to be foldfor raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other xjfes therein mentioned, were granted and continued to be paid for and upon all Wines, which from and after the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, during the Term of ninety-eight Years from thence next ensuing, should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and for and upon all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes, which from and after the said eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, during the said Term of ninety-eight Years, should be imported of brought into this Realm, or any of her Majesty's Dominions to the same belonging, by Way of Merchandise (except as therein is excepted) shall, by Virtue of this Act, be further continued, and be due and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the Expiration of the said several Terms of ninety-eight Years, for the Term of one whole Year, from thence next and immediately ensuing, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed; additional Subsidies and Duties so continued for one Year and all Arrears thereof, shall be raised, levied, and paid by the same Rules, and with such Drawbacks and Allowances, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as by the said Act of the fourth Year of her said majesty's Reign, 'are prescribed and enacted in relation to the like Subsidies or Duties thereby granted.

IX. And whereas the said additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage (which is commonly called the one third Subsidy) and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, granted by the said Act of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the Term of ninety-eight Years as aforesaid, and the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, by the same Act granted or continued from the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eight, until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, and the particular Rates and Duties of Excise by the same Act granted for the Term of ninety five Years, from the seventeenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and thirteen,

and all the Moneys to arise by Virtue of an Act of the fifth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, of or for the Duties of Excise thereby granted, after paying off, or reserving sufficient to pay off the Lot' '

tery Annuities therein mentioned, together with other Moneys mentioned in the said Act of the fourth i 4 Year of her Majesty's Reign, are thereby made liable to the Payment of certain Annuities purchased I 4 thereupon, not exceeding one hundred eighty-four thousand two hundred forty-two Pounds and four teen Shillings er Annum, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, which Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other r 4 Funds or Provisions charged by the said Act with the Annuities last mentioned, will by Estimation pro duce annually a considerable Sum more than will be sufficient to discharge all the same Annuities, and i 4 the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the same, and the Overplus Moneys thereby arising do belong to her Majesty, for the public Use and Service; 'Be it further er.acted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer of England, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall, from Time to Time, during the Continuance of the said Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other Funds settled by the said Act of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign as aforesaid, and every or any of them, cause all the said Overplus Moneys of the same Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other Funds contained in the Act last mentioned, to be justly and duly computed, at the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary in every Year, or within six Days after, the first Computation r thereof to be made at the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and eight, or within six Days after; and after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay so much as shall! incurred or grown due upon the said Annuities, by Virtue of the said Act of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, at or before every such Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary respective ly, the same Overplus Moneys (except the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the said Annuities, purchased on the said Act of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign) or so much of the Overplus last mentioned, as shall be sufficient for this Purpose, sir all be applied for and towards the making good,

Anno quinto Ann, Reginae.

C

19- 243

good, paying and satisfying the quarterly Payments of all and every, or any the Annuities to be purchased by virtue of this Act, during the whole Term of ninety-nine Years by this Act intended to be granted of and in such Annuities respectively.

X. And for the better securing the quarterly Payments which hall grow due on or before Michaelmas $$0001. reserv one thousand seven hundred and ten, upon the Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, Be it ed for quarterly enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the said Sum not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, Part of^l'?lents 1, 11 the Contribution Moneys to be raised by Sale of Annuities upon this Act, or so much thereof as shall be jl'j0ae m3! sufficient in this Behalf, shall and may be reserved and applied for and towards the discharging the quarterly '

Payments last mentioned.

XI. And whereas by and in pursuance of several former Acts of Parliament, sundry other Annuities Sundry Annui payable at the Receipt of Exchequer have been purchased, and are charged upon the several other pui chased Branches of the publick Revenues or Funds herein after particularly expressed, which Revenues or 111(1 C arsetl>&c*

Funds do also annually produce more than sufficient to discharge the said Annuities charged thereupon

respectively, and the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the same, and the Overplus Mo Overplus Moneys nies thereby arising do belong to her Majesty for the publick Use and Service, that is to say. The Rates

and Duties of Excise which were granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by 4<&°rw.c& m.' ' an Act of the fourth year of their Reign, for the Term of ninety-nine Years theren imentioned, and C 3.

are liable to the Payment of several Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship, and other Annuities; the Overplus of which Rates and Duties hath been, and is to be computed on the four and twentieth Day of June yearly: The Rates and Duties of Excise which were granted to their said late Majesties, their Heirs and Successors for 'ever, by an Act of the fifth Year of their Majesties Reign; the Overplus whereof hath been and is to be computed as followeth, that is to say. As to five seventh Parts thereof (being ap propriated to make good the Fund of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England) the lame have been and are to be computed on the first Day of Jun? yearly; and as to the other two seventh Parts thereof, being for Payment of several other Annuities, the same have been and are to be computed on the five and twentieth Day of March yearly: The Rates and Duties of excil'e which were granted to their said late Majesties by another Act of the fifth Year of their Reign, for the Term of sixteen Years, WM. C ' for Payment of the Lottery Annuities therein mentioned; the Overplus whereof, when the same hall arise, is to be computed on the five and twentieth Day of March yearly: And the particular Rates and Duties upon Salt, and the particular Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which were granted to his said late Majesty King William, his Heirs and Successors by several Acts of the ninth9&10 3*

Year of his Reign, and are charged with several Annuities amounting to one hundred and sixty thousand cs w ' Pounds p. r Annum to the Companies or Persons intituled to the Trade to the East Indies; the Overplus 'J'

of which several Rates and Duties last mentioned hath been and is to be computed on the nine and twen

tieth Day of September yearly Now it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Treasurer. Lord High Treasurer of England, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the ^et0^p y 1 s Time being, hall from time to time cause all the said Overplus Moneys of the said several Rates, Duties,

and Funds so charged with the said Annuities, formerly purchased, as aforesaid, to be justly and duly coirputed at such respective Days and Times as are before mentioned in that Behalf; and after paying or reserving sufficient to pay all the Payments then incurred thereupon respectively, the said Overplus Moneys last mentioned, so to be computed at any Day or Time, between the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, and the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten (except the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the said Annuities formerly purchased, as aforesaid) or so much of the Overplus Moneys last mentioned, as shall be sufficient for ota!_e, n(li this Purpose, shall be reserved and applied foror towards the making good such quarterly Payments of the quarterly the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, as hall incur or grow due at or before the Feast of Saint Payments on Michael the Archangel, which hall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten. this Act.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there hall be provided and kept in Auditors to keep the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer one or more Books, in which all Booksfortntong the Moneys of the said several Rates and Duties hereby appointed to be paid in Weekly, as aforesaid, and "ll Momcs I which hall be brought to the said Receipt for that Purpose, and the said Sum, not exceeding thirty-five

thousand Pounds, hereby directed to be reserved out the said contribution money, and also the said Overplus Moneys of the said former Annuity Funds hereby directed to be computed and applied, as aforesaid, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid into the said Receipt on any ocher Account vshatsoever.

XIII. And to the end all the Moneys by this Act appropriated for the Payment of the Annuities to be Commissioners, purchased on this Act, may be duly apd certainly raised and brought into the Reeeipt of the Exchequer to be ap for that Purpose; is hereby further enacted, That from time to time, during the continuance of thisp0lnted'

Act, there shall be continued or appointed Commissioners, Receivers General, Comptrollers, Collectors,

and other proper Officers, for raising the several Rates and Duties by this Act intended for the Payment of the Annuities to be purchased thereupon, and for keeping the Accounts of the same; and that the respective Commissioners or chief Managers thereof, shall from time to time, weekly, compute andana c0: I, rute ascertain the Moneys of each Branch of the said Rates and Duties, which ought to be paid into the ex chequer on every Jl'e'dnejday, or on the subsequent Day, not being an Holy Day, as aforesaid; and that p1 elr all Commissioners, Receivers General, Comptrollers, Collectors, and other Officers, who are or shall be concerned in the managing, raising, levying, receiving, collecting, or paying the same, or in keeping the Accounts thereof, shall perform their several and respective Duties therein, as to them respectively hall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabiiitics, for any Offence or Northeast pen=jt'«.

I i 3 gleft

244 C 19.

Anno quinto Annt; Reginae.

A.D. 1706.

9 & to W. 3. C 44.

Moneys arising to be a General Fund.

For purchase of Annuities for 99 Years, Persons may advance 1*155, 0001. By 6 Geo. i. c. 4. f, 1. the South Sea Company may purchase these Annuities.

At 16 Years Purchase, from 25 March 1707. To be paid in Parts, to May, 10 July, 10 September, and 10 November 1707.

Annuities not to exceed 72, 187l. jos. per Annum, payable quarterly.

Contributors Names, C to be entered.

Annuities to be paid with Prese' ever rence to all other Payments.

gleh therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the said Moneys, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his laid late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for Jettling the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or negleh in Relation to the Duties upon Salt, and other Duties upon Stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper thereby granted, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted by the AH last mentioned.

XIV. An it is hereby enabled and declared, That all the Moneys arising, as aforesaid, of or for the said several and respective Rates and Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the said Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and others, as aforesaid, and the Duties upon Sweets, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, hereby appointed to be paid weekly into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, and the said additional Subsidy, and the said Sum not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds hereby directed to be reserved out of the contribution money, as aforesaid, and the said respective Overplus Moneys of the said former Annuity Funds, hereby appointed to be computed and applied for such several and respective Times, and in such Manner as are before mentioned, and every of them, or so much of the said several Rates, Subsidies, and Duties, contribution money, and overplus money, as shall be sufficient for answering the full and due Payment of all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, and all Arrearages thereof from time to time incurred according to the true Meaning of this Act, are, and shall be the general Fund for Payment of the same, and are and shall be liable thereunto, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities in this Act expressed.

XV. And for the raising any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of eleven hundred and fifty-five thousand Pounds, that is to say. The Sum not exceeding one million one hundred and twenty thousand Pounds thereof, for carrying on the present War and other her Majesty's Occasions, and the said Sum not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, Residue thereof, to be applied for or towards the making good the quarterly Payments to be incurred on the Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act; It is hereby further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the Whole the Sum of one Million one hundred fifty-five thousand Pounds, for purchasing any Annuity or Annuities, to be paid and payable during the fuliterm of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, at the Rate of sixteen Years Purchase, which Rate doth amount to the Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds for every such Annuity of ten Pounds per Annum, and proportionably for any greater Annuity; and the same Rate or consideration money is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt, at or before the respective Days and Times herein after mentioned (that is to say) One fourth Part thereof on or before the tenth day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven; other fourth Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven; other fourth Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven; the remaining fourth' Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven: which Annuities so to be purchased, shall not exceed in the whole, the Sum of seventy two thousand one hundred eighty seven Pounds and ten Shillings per Annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, the Feasts of the Nativity of Saint fohn Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord Christ, and the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be made at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells in the Exchequer, severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books in which there shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall he Contributors, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sums so paid, and the Times when the same are respectively paid; to which Book it shall be lawful for the respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to Lnfpefl the same without Fee or Reward.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities whatso er which shall be purchased upon or in pursuance of this present Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time, in the first Place, and with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, out of the Moneys arising from time to time, as aforesaid, of or for the said several and respective Duties upon Low wines and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen and others, as aforesaid, and the said Duties upon Sweets, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, hereby appointed be brought and paid weekly into the Exchequer, as aforesaid, and out of the said Subsidies, and every of them, and also out of the said Sum not exceeding thirty-five thousand Pounds, hereby directed to be reserved out of the said contribution money, as aforesaid, and also out of the said Overplus Moneys of the said former Annuity Funds hereby appointed to be computed and applied for such several and respective Times, and in the Manner 4- before

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Reginae. C 19. 245

before mentioned, and every of them; and so much of the said several and respective Rates, Subsidies, and Duties appointed by this Act: to be brought and paid into the Exchequer, and so much of the said Sum of thirty-five thousand Pounds, and of the said several and respective Overplus Moneys of the said former Annuity Funds, as are and shall be sufficient to satisfy and dischare all the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, and all the Arrearages thereof, at any Time due or owing, are and shall be, by virtue of this Add, appropriated and applied to and for satisfying and discharging of the same Annuities, and such Arrearages thereof accordingly, and shall be blued, disposed, and applied to thatufe, and to none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; anything herein contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVIII. Provided always, That if at the End of any Year of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, for Surplus diipofa which the said Annuities are to be purchased, the first Computation to be made at Lady Day one thousand ble to pumiclc seven hundred and eight, or within six Days after, the Moneys arising at the Exchequer within such Year, p: - provi by the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies, Overplus Moneys, and other Moneys hereby appropriated for Pays, on relatingv'" ment of the said Annuities, pursuant to this Act, shall exceed all the Moneys then due for or upon the hereto,

same Annuities, and all Arrearages thereof, then or at any Time or Times before that Time incurred, foi Geo. i.llat. 2. that there shall be an Excess or Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, such Excess or Surplus shall be dif 12 §7* pofable from time to time for the public Use and Service, and not otherwise; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Con Contributors

trihutors upon this Acfit, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money, at the Rate aforesaid, at or paying, C to before the respective Days or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for any such Annuity or Annui Cure Mates

ties, as aforesaid, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Ad purchased.le> ministrators, successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by virtue of this F

Act, to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased, out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for the Payment thereof, during the said whole Term of ninety-nine Years, as is abovementioned; that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, ad niinistrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have good and sure Estates and Interests in the several Annuities, so by them to be purchased according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, and that all the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, and every of them, during the Term aforesaid, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act, for and have Tallies

any Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, upon and Orders, C Payment of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, at the Rate aforesaid, or any Part or Pro mmakesin ihefe portion thereof, within the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have byvanme, 1 C 7. one or more Tally or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of so much consideration money as shall be 64. '

so paid; and upon Payment of all the purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, successors, or Assigns respectively, shall have an Order for paying of the said Annuity and Annuities, for and during the said Term' of ninety-nine Years; which Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and after the signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office, or Offices of them, or any of them, nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of England, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, nave Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed, as aforesaid, or any of them.

XXI. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay forthwith into the Receipt 6 percent.for of the Exchequer, the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act, it is provided and enacted prompt Payment by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay, into the said Receipt befolx ioma7 of Exchequer all or any Part of the purchase money, payable for any such Annuity, or Annuities as 1707' aforesaid, before the said tenth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

seven, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for die prompt Payment of the Money so advanced, from the Time of the actual advancing and paying the same, until the find tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven.

XXII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Contributor or Con annuitiesaflign* tributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, successors, or Assigns, at any Time or Times 4bie. C during the Continuance of his, her, or their Term, Estate, or Interest of and in any Annuity to be purchased upon this Act, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, or under the Common

Seal of the Corporation, or by his or her last Will in Writing, to assign or devise such Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so taties quoties and no such Assignment to be rev olcable, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will be made in Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the Space of three Months, after such Assignment or Death of the Devisor; that upon producing such Assignment or Will, or Probat thereof, in the said Office of Receipt, to be entered as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same shall bring therewith an Affidavit, taken before one or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of the' laid Assignment or Will; which Affidavit, shall be severally filed

Anno quinto Annje Reginae.

A.D. 1706.

Guardians to Infants may advance 1601, See,

Penalty on Officers taking Fees, or diverting Moneys, fire,

Wo Purchase unless one fourth Part paid before 10 May 1707.

Contributors paying one fourth Part, and not the Remainder, such Payment forfeited

Lord Treasurer to reward otfi ctrs. Clerks, C

C wh'a by Mi Hake, CLAVE omitted to enter Actions, con Vellum, C such persons freed from Forfeitures incurred before 20 March 1706, paying the piiiies, tsc.

in the said Office; which said Entry or Memorandum the proper Officers in the said Receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits: And in Default of such af signment or Devise by Deed or Will, the interest of such Contributor shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian, or Trustee, having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, for the Use and Benefit of such Infant, to advance and pay the Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds of the Money of such Infant, to purchase an Annuity upon this Act for the Benefit of such Infant; and the said Guardian or Trustee, as to the said Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds so advanced, is hereby discharged.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, for the better Encouragement of Persons to advance the Moneys on this Act, That all Receipts and Issues, and all other things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for the same; and in calc any of the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or misapply any of the Moneys of the said Duties, or Moneys hereby appropriated, or any Part thereof, which should make good the Payment of the said Annuities, or shall pay or issue out the same otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books and Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all other things which by this act they are required to perform; every such Officer shall forfeit his Office, and be for the future incapable of any Office or Place of Trust, and shall answer and pay treble Damages to every Contributor or Person who shall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no eltoin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, Order of Rellraint, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have full Colts; one third Part of which Sum to be recovered for Damages, shall be to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts, with the Colts, shall be to the Use of the pro leeutor; and in case there shall be any Collusion, or faint Prosecution, between the Plaintiff and Defendant in such Action, it shall be lawful for any other Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators or Assigns, to bring another Action, wherein he or she shall recover as aforesaid, to the like Uses as aforesaid,

XXV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain, or be admitted to purchase or obtain, any Annuity whatsoever upon this Act, unless the whole or one fourth Part at least of the consideration money for the same, at such Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, on or before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven.

XXVI. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who shall, on or before the said tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, have advanced one fourth Part of his or her purchase money, or his, her, or their Executors, Adjmi listrators, Successors or Assigns, do not advance and pay into the Receipt of the Exchequer, one other fourth Part of his or her consideration money so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the said tenth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, and one other fourth Part thereof on or before the said tenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seven, and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the said tenth Day of November in the" Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven; then and in every such Case respectively, no Order shall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity, for which the consideration money shall not be fully paid as aforesaid; but so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and be applied together with other the Moneys to be raised by this Act for such public Services as aforesaid; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, out of any the Moneys of the said weekly Payments, hereby appointed to be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, or out of any the said Overplus Moneys of the former Annuity Funds, to reward the Officers, Clerks, and others to be employed in the Payments of the said Annuities, or the Accounts thereof, for their Labour, Pains, Charges, and Service therein respectively, and to defray all other the necessary Charges incident to the Payment of the said Annuities, as to the said Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall seem meet and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And whereas diverse Persons, Clerks, Stewards, Mayors, and Bailiffs, keeping and holding e inferior Courts of Record, and other Persons concerned in inferior Courts, and Corporations, and diverse Officers, Attornies, and Clerks of the Courts at Westminster, have through Inadvertency, Mistake or Misconstruction of the Law, or by Neglect, omitted the issuing, entering, enrolling, or filing of diverse Actions, Plaints, Bails, Appearances, Pledges, Declarations, and other Process and Proceedings, upon s stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as by several Acts of Parliament made in that Behalf they ought to have done, and have delivered Declarations where no Bail or Appearance have been filed or entered,

and proceeded further thereon; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Clerks, Stewards, Bailiffs, Officers, Attorneys, and other Persons so concerned as aforesaid, shall be, and they are hereby freed and discharged of and from all and every the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures not 3 - already

247

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto Annje Regins. C 20.

already recovered, and by them respectively incurred, for or in respect of the Premises, before the twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six: Provided that such Person or Persons having so neglected and offended as aforesaid, do before the three and twentieth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and seven, pay or cause to be paid to the treasurer or receiver-general of the Stamped Duties, the several Duties which by him or them respectively ought to have been paid by virtue of the Paid several Acts; and in Default thereof, such Person or Persons respectively shall lose the Benefit of the Indemnity granted by this Act; and that all Penalties and Forfeitures for any Offence committed as 4 C cncit' 'c° aforesaid, which shall not be discharged by paying such Duties before the said three and twentieth Day of November, shall and may be sued for, prosecuted and recovered, so as the Prosecution be commenced at any Time within one Year after the said three and twentieth Day of November, and not afterwards.

XXIX. And forasmuch as by the doubtful wording of the Statute made in the first Year of her Ma 1 A" ns

jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds in her Majesty's Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parch c*la'

merit, and Paper, the Attorneys and Clerks of the several Courts of Record at Westminster may be in Danger of incurring the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities mentioned in the said Act, and other former Acts relating to the said Duties, by reason of their proceeding in any Actions or Suits in any'

of the said Courts, before the Attorney or Clerk of the adverse Part hath entered, filed, or recorded such Bail, Appearance, or other Matter or Thing, as he or they ought to have entered, filed, or re

corded in the said respective courtsfor the explaining whereof, be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall forfeit, incur, or be prosecuted for any Penalty, Attorneys, e.

Forfeiture, or Disability mentioned in the said Act made in the said first Year of her Majesty, for or by not to incur p reason of his or their transacting, entering, recording, or filing, or having transacted, entered, recorded, nal', cs.for pro or filed any further or other Proceeding, Matter or Thing, subsequent or relating to any Action, Plaint, ^'othervary Bail, or Appearance, which by any other Person or Persons whatsoever ought to hive been, or is to be hath filed Bail, first entered, filed, or recorded in any of her said majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, before the C

same hath been or shall be duly entered, filed, or recorded; anything in the said several Acts, or any of Fa'lher prom them, or in this present Act, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding, ^s"impdutle?

5 Ann. C 9, 9 Ann. C 11 & 23. 10 Ann. C 19 ts 26. 12 Ann. St. I, C 2. iz Ann. St. 2. C 9. 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. 6 Geo. X C zi. ri Geo. 1,

C 8. iz Geo. 1. c. 33.9 Geo. 2. c. 32. 16 Geo. 2. c. 26. 29 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 13. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 33.

CAP. XI.

An act For the better Encouragement of the Royal Luff ring Company.

ITT H ER F. A S by an Act of Parliament made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of our 3*4 Anns,

most gracious Sovereign Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce C ' with France; it is declared (amongst other Things) That all Silks of the Manufacture of France, imported, into this Kingdom, shall be seized and condemned, one Moiety to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer: And whereas diverse of her Majesty's Subjects, under Colour of the said Act, have taken upon them to sell and dispose of French Lustrings and Alamodes so seized and forfeited, as if they were allowed to be used and worn in England, which is contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act, which was designed more effectually to prevent the Importa tion and Use of the said Silks, and also to the manifest Prejudice of so profitable a Manufacture setup in this Kingdom by the Royal Lustring Company, and thereby evading the Force of several Acts of Parliament past for the Encouragement of the said Manufacture For Remedy whereof, be it enacted sgh. 7. t. 21, by the queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Not to counte neither the before recited Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, nor anything therein nance wearing contained, shall be construed to extend to countenance the using and wearing any French Alamodes or modes or^lu Lustrings in this Kingdom, but that the same shall be seized, condemned and exported in like Manner ftr°ngs)°, s; cu' and Form, and under the like Penalties, as they.are of ought to have been before the passing the said Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Acts of Parliament hereto Acts to be in fore made for the Encouragement of the Manufactures aforesaid, shall remain in full Force and Virtue, force, as if the said Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France had never been made; anything therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And whereas great ft rouble has been occasioned to Shopkeepers and others, by common Informers, None but Offi who are Persons of mean Reputation Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That only such Person cers of the cu or perfbr.s who is or are Odicer or Officers belonging to the Customs, or who shall be deputed by the ft"'. C '° Royal Lustring Company, and shall have Writs of Assistance from her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, and no others, shall and may fuze any Lustrings or Alamodes within the CI ties of London and West 0 minfer and the Bills of Mort lity; anything herein or in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the re gn of his late Majesty, & 10 V 3.

King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Lustring Company, C 43 and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importations of Lustrings and Alamodes; it is amongst other things enacted, That before any Person or Persons shall be admitted to claim any of the said Silks they shall give good Security by Recognisance, in the Court where such Claim shall be entered, not only to j 4 pay the Costs of Suit, in case such Claimer or Ciaimers shall be caftj but also to ar.fwer and pay the Pe' '

248 C 21 — -24.

Anno quinto Anne Regina.

A.D. 1706.

[Proviso.]

CL aimers of seized Alamodes to give Security only to pay Costs if nonsuited, &c. 33 Pieces of foreign Lustrings condemned, C may be sold in England. 3&4anns, CI

Farther pro vi ster.s concerning Silk, 6 Ann. trig. 1 Geo. 1. c. 36. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. g Geo. i. C 8. i Geo. 2. c. 17. 2, 3 Geo. 2. C9 & 20. and 26 Geo. Z. C I

P,

IX

Annse, C

V R.

3 & 4 Anns?,

C 12.

nalties and Forfeitures incurred by the said Act: And the Security on fuc'n Claim cannot be discharged by yielding the claimer's Body to Prison, which is found a great Discouragement to fair Traders deal ing in Englifo Alamodes and Lustrings For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Person or Persons claim any Alamodes or Lustrings seized, it shall be sufficient that such Person or Persons give good Security in the Court where such Claims shall be made, to answer and pay the full Costs of Suit only, in case a Verdict shall pass against him, her or them, or the Claimer hall be nonsuited, or a Judgement pass by Default.

V. And whereas since the making the said Act of Prohibition of Trade and Commerce with France, ' thirty-three Pieces of foreign Lustrings have been Ceized and condemned, being imported contrary to the said Act, and sold to Mr. David Martin, Merchant, to be used in England, and have not beenfealed and marked with the customhouse Seal and Mark; 'it is hereby further enacted, That the said thirty-three Pieces of foreign Lustrings may be used in England, and that the same shall not be seized or forfeited; provided that the Possessors thereof respectively do on or before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ieven, bring the said thirty-three Pieces of Lustrings, or such Part thereof as remain undisposed of, to be sealed and marked at the customhouse with the Seal and Mark used for sealing Alamodes and Lustrings imported, and Oath being made, that such Silks are the same individual thirty-three Pieces of Silks, or Part thereof, so sold at the customhouse, and the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs are hereby empowered and required (such Oath being made) to cause the said Silks to be sealed and marked accordingly; any Law to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding."

CAP. XXL

An Act for repairing the Highway between Fornbill in the County of Bedford, and the Town of Stony

Stratford in the County of Buckingham

CAP. XXII.

An Act to explain and amend an Act of the last Sdlion of Parliament, for preventing Frauds frequently

committed by Bankrupts.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act to subject the Estate of Thomas Brerewood to the Creditors of Thomas Pitkin, notwithstanding any Agreement or Composition made with the Creditors of the said Thomas Pitkin.

2 & 3 Anns?, C II

Corporation of the Bounty of Queen Anne.

at H. S. C 3. 1 Eliz, C 4.

Ecdeliastical ee nefices not exceeding 501. per Annum, discharged from Payment of First fruits,

See. for ever. Enforced by 6 Annrc, C 27, & 1 Geo. 1. iht. 2. <. 10.

CAP XXIV

An Act for discharging final! Livings from their First fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears

thereof.

! XII WHEREAS pursuant to an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual her Majests gracious Intentions for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, by enabling her majesty to grant in Perpetuity the Revenues of the First Fruits and Tenths; and also for enabling any other Persons to make Grants for the same Purpose; Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by Letters Patent, bearing Date the third Day of November in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, did make, appoint, nominate, constitute and establish certain Persons and Officers therein named, to be one Body Pol itick and Corporate, by the Name of The Bounty of Queen Anne, for the Augmentation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy; and did thereby give anil grant to the said Governors all the Revenues of First fruits and yearly perpetual Tenths of all Dignities, Offices, Benefices, and Promotions spiritual whatsoever, payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the twenty sixth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, or by virtue of an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, for Restitution of First fruits and Tenths to the Crown, or by virtue of any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, and all Arrears of the said First fruits and Tenths then due and undischarged (except as therein is excepted) to be applied and disposed of to and for the aug mentation of the Maintenance of such Parsons, Vicars, Curates, and Ministers, officiating in any 5 Church or Chapel within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon 1 Tweed, where the Liturgy and Rites of the Church of England, as now by Law established, shall be used and observed, under such (Rules, Restrictions and Directions, and in such Manner and Foifn, as

should be established pursuant to those Letters Patents: And whereas it is thought that the Payment of

First fruits and Tenths for small Livings with Cure of Souls, is a very heavy Burden upon the poorer Clergy, for whom her Majesty's unparalleled Bounty was designed; that the immediate discharging of the said First fruits and Tenths, and the Arrears thereof, of the said small Livings, will be a present

Augmentation of the same (several whereof by reason of the said Charges ate now held in Southeast questralion by temporary Curates, without being regularly filled with Institution and Induction)' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Ecclesiastical Benefices with Cure of Souls, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of fifty Pounds by the improved Valuations of the same (the Tenths whereof are by the said recited Charter vested in the said Corporation) and the Incumbents thereof for the time being, and every of them, their respective Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Sureties, shall be free a d

clearly

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Regina?. C 25.

clearly discharged and acquitted for ever of and from the said First fruits and Tenths, and of and from all Arrears of the same.

II. And for the ascertaining of the clear improved yearly Valuations of the said Ecclesiastical Benefice with Cure of Souls, intended by this Act to be discharged from Payment of First fruits and Tenths; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Bishops of every Diocese, or the Guardians of the Spiritualties fede Vacante, and the Ordinaries of Peculiars, and Places of exempt Jurisr diflions, shall and are hereby empowered and required, as well by Oaths of two or more credible Witr nefies (which they or other's duly commissioned by them, tinder their Hands and Seals, are hereby empowered to adntinifter) as by all other lawful Ways and Means, to inform themselves of the clear improved yearly Value of every Benefice with Cure of Souls within their respective Dioceses and jurisdictions, the clear improved yearly Value whereof doth not exceed fifty Pounds; and on or before the five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, under their respective Hands and Seals, or Seals of their respective Offices, to certify into her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, the clear improved yearly Value of every such Benefice with Cure of Souls, the clear improved yearly Value whereof doth not exceed fifty Pounds, and such Certificate being made, and filed in the said Court of Exchequer, shall ascertain the clear yearly Value of the Benefice with Cure of Souls, intended by this Act to be discharged from First fruits and Tenths.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend to discharge any Benefices with Cure of Souls, the Tenths whereof were granted away by any of her Majesty's Predecefi ors to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in Perpetuity, before the said third Day of November in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign.

IV. And whereas the said former Act was intended for the Augmentation of the Maintenance, not only of Parsons and Vicars, hut also of Curates, and other Ministers officiating in Churches or Chapels,

as is therein mentioned; now for the preventing all Doubts touching the Capacity of such Ministers to

take any certain Estate to them and their Succell ors of or in any Part or Portion of the First fruits and Tenths, 1 as shall to them be allotted or applied Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Part or Portion of the First fruits or Tenths remaining to be applied or disposed of by virtue of the said former Act, shall be annually, or otherwise applied or disposed of, for or towards the Maintenance of any Minister officiating in any Church or Chapel as aforesaid, such Part or Portion shall from thenceforth for ever be in like Manner continued to the Minister from time to time so officiating in the same Church or Chapel; and every such Administer, whether Parson, Vicar, Curate, or other Minister for the time being, so officiating in such Church or Chapel, shall and may from time to time take and receive, and by virtue hereof is and shall be intituled to have and injoy the same for ever.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and accepted in all Courts and Places whatsoever, as a public Act.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not extend or be construed to extend to avoid or diminish. any annual Sum, Stipend, Pension, or Annuity now in Being, which hath heretofore been granted to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, and charged upon the said Revenues of First fruits and Tenths, or any Part thereof; but in case it shall so happen that by discharging such small Livings, or Benefices with Cure of Souls, as aforementioned, of the Payment of First fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof, the First fruits and Tenths which hereafter shall be collected in any Diocese or Dioceses, shall not be sufficient to pay and satisfy such annual Sums as they now stand respectively charged with, then the whole Revenues arising from the First fruits and Tenths, throughout the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be liable to make good all such Deficiences, and the said Deficiencies shall, out of the said Revenues (during the Continuance of such Grants, from time to time as any such annual Payments shall become due] be

Paid and satisfied to all such Person and Persons as shall in any wise be intituled to receive the same, in such roportions as are limited and appointed in such respective Grants.

CAP. XXV.

An act for making the acts more effectual for appropriating the forfeited Impropriations in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting poor Vicaridges there.

'litt WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of the forfeited and other estates and Interesls in Ireland, and by a Land Tax in England, for the several Purposes therein mentioned, the said forfeited and other Effaces and Interests were vested in the Trustees therein named for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned: And whereas by the said Act it was provided and enacted, That the said Trustees, or any seven or more of them, should and might, and they were thereby required, as soon as conveniently might be, after the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one, by Bargain and Sale, to be enrolled as therein mentioned, to convey all and every the Rectories impropriate, with the Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, Ad ' vowfons of Vicaridges, and other things thereunto severally and respectively belonging or appertaining, ' forfeited by reason of the said Rebellion, and therein before vested in the said Trustees, to such Person or Persons, and their Heirs, as the Bishop of each respective Diocese, wherein such Rectories impropriate respectively were, should nominate, upon Trust nevertheless, and to the Intent and Purpose that the Profits thereof should be disposed and employed, from the second Day of November one thousand six Vol. IV K k 4 hundred

249

bishops, &c. before 25 March. x70s, to certify into Exchequer the clear yearly Value of small Benefices with Cure of Soul within their Dioceses, C

Not to discharge Tenth of bene fices granted for ever.

First fruits once applied, &c. to continue so for ever.

Minister, &c. to receive the same.

Act to be a public Act,

Not to diminish Pensions, C heretofore granted out of First fruits.

Whole Revenues, &c. liable to Payment of such. See.

See farther 3 c7ro. I. C 10. wjbiib appoints a Collcc* for of the perpetual yearly Tentbso

11 & 12 W. 3,

C 2.

Recital of Act,

250 C 25.

Anno quinto anne Reginae.

A.D. 1706.

3 Am, stat. 1. «. 31.

hundred and ninety-nine, for the Space of twenty Years thence next enfm'ng, in rebuilding or repair ing such Parish Churches within the said Kingdom of Ireland, as the Lords Jufhces, Lieutenant General,

or other chief Governor or Governors of the said Kingdom for the time being, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Bishop of each respective Diocese for the time being, Should direct or appoint; and after the Expiration of the said Term of twenty Years, for the perpetual Augmentation of such final!

Rectories and Vicaridges within the said Kingdom of Ireland, as the said Lords Justices, or other chief Governors of the said Kingdom, by any Writing under his or their Hands and Seals, with Consent of the Bishop of each Diocese, wherein any such Augmentation should be made, Should direct or appoint;

which Appointments should before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, be made and inrclled in the Court of Chancery in Ireland, as a perpetual Memorial thereof: And ' for making the same more effectual and beneficial for the pious Ends and Purposes aforesaid, one other Act pated in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making more effectual the pro vijhn out of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, for the building of Churches, and augmenting small Vicaridges in Ireland; whereby it is enacted, That where any such Rectories impropriate, Tithes, Advowsons, or other things so vested in the said Trustees, and directed to be conveyed in Trust as aforesaid, were charged with, or liable to any Debts, Charges or Encumbrances, jointly with any other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, by the said Act vested in the said Trustees, such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments in the first Place Should be liable to, and should answer and satisfy such Debts, Charges and Encumbrances; and the said Trustees, or any seven of them, were thereby authorised and required to make Sale of such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or of a competent Part thereof, for or 1 towards the paying off, clearing and aifeharging such Debts, Charges and Encumbrances; as foou as conveniently might bej from and after such Sale, and the clearing and discharging such Debts and Encumbrances, such p, edlories impropriate, Tithes, Advowsons, and other Things so vested in the said Trustees, and directed to be conveyed in Trull as aforesaid, as were, together with such other Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, jointly charged or incumbred, Should be conveyed, and the said Trustees, or any seven of them, were thereby authorised and required to convey the same to such person and Persons, and in such Manner, and to such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as in the said first re cited Act is directed and appointed, freed and discharged of and from all such Debts, Charges and In ' cumbrances, be the same by Matter of Record, Mortgage, or otherwise: And whereas the said Trustees, according to the Powers given to them, did convey the said Rectories impropriate, with the Tithes, Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, Advowsons, Vicaridges, and other things thereunto severally and respectively belonging or appertaining as aforesaid, to William Neave Esquire, one of her Majesty's Sergeants at Law in Ireland, Marmaduke Coghill and Morley Saunders, Doctors of Law, Samuel Dopping,

'John iifher f nd Stephen Ludlow Esquires, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Alligns, for the; Purposes in the said first Act mentioned: And whereas by several subsequent Acts of Parliament passed ftnee the making the said first recited Act, diverse Parts of the said forfeited and other Estates and Interests by the said first Act vested in the said Trustees, have been given, granted, or restored to several 1 Persons, and for several Uses, Intents and Purposes in such subsequent Acts mentioned, in the passing of all which subsequent Acts it was intended that no Person or Persons was or were, by any such fub sequent Act of Parliament, in which any Clause or Provision was made or inserted for or in favour of the said Church of Ireland, to be restored, or to have, by any such Act of Parliament, any Right,

Title or Interest into or out of any of the said Rectories impropriate. Tithes, Oblations, Obventions,

Glebes, Advowsons, Vicaridges, or other things thereunto respectively belonging or appertaining, as aforesaid, but that they Should remain, continue, and be in the said Trustees in the said first recited Act ' named, to and for the Uses and Purposes therein mentioned: And whereas it was likewise intended that sufficient Provision Should be made in every such subsequent Act of Parliament for that Purpose, and several Clauses and Provisoes were respectively inserted in every such subsequent Act and Acts; neverthe less several Doubts, Suits and Controversies relating thereunto have arisen, whereby the Church reaps little or no Benefit by the said first recited act for Remedy whereof, and for making the said intended Gift of Parliament more effectual for the pious Ends and Purposes mentioned in the said first re Act, be it declared and exacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice' and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Rectories impropriate, with the Tithes, impropriate with Oblations, Obventions, Glebes, and Advowsons of Vicaridges, and other things thereunto severally V ld m Trmr" and respectively belonging or appertaining, which in and by the said first recited Act were vested in the tees by n & 12 Laid Trustees therein mentioned as aforesaid, and which in and by any of the said subsequent Act or Acts W. 3. C 2. and of Parliament passed in favour of any Person or Persons, in which any express Provision or Clause is fmee restored to contained in favour of the said Church of Ireland, were any ways given, granted or restored, contrary to any Persons, C the Uses, Intents and Purposes in the said first recited Acts mentioned, be, and is, and are hereby divelled tent^aa of out f such Person and Persons, and of and from all the Uses, Intents and purposes in such subsequent Parliament, such Acts mentioned, in which any such Provision is made in favour of the said Church of Ireland, and be and Persons to be di are hereby veiled and settled in the said William Neave, Marmaduke Coghill, Morley Saunders, Samuel dop vested thereof, ping, John Vfloer, and Stephen Ludlow, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Alligns, according to the several Estates and Interests vested in the said Trustees by the said first recited Act appointed, to such Uses, Intents and Purposes, as therein mentioned, as fully and amply as if the same had been reserved out of, or not given, granted, or restored by the said subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament, or as if such subsequent Act or Acts of Parliament, in which any Clause or Provision in favour of the Church of Ire

Irish Rectories impropriate conveyed to William Neave, C

11 & 12 W. 3 C 2.

71 & 22 W. 3,

Co 1,

1 Ann, flat. 1 t. 31.

All Reftorles

C and the same settled in.'william Neave, eland

is inserted, and not otherwise, had never been made and enacted.

Anno quinto Anna; Reginae.

C 26, 27. 251

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Bonds taken in the Names of the Trustees in the first recited Act mentioned, or in the Name or Names of any other Person or Persons, for any Sum or Sums of Money due since the passing the said first recited Act, for Tithes or other Profits issuing out of any the said Rectories impropriate, Advowsons, and other Things so intended for the building and repairing of the said Churches, and not already paid and discharged, shall be and are hereby made recoverable in the Name or Names of the respective Obligees, and shall be paid and payable by the respective Obligees, their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to the said William Neave, Marmaduke Cogbill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dapping, John ujber, and Stephen Ludlow, their Executors, administrators, and Assigns, for repairing and building decayed and ruined Churches in the said Kingdom of Ireland, any Judgement, Decree, or other Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas several of the said forfeited Tithes in the said Kingdom have been set to several Persons with Lands at a Rent in gross, before they became forfeited, and the Leases thereof claimed and allowed by the said Trustees, pursuant to the said first recited Act, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all such Cases the said William Neave, Marmaduke Cogbill, Morley Saunders, Samuel Dapping, John ujher, and Stephen Ludlow', their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall have, hold, and receive the tenth Part of the said Rent in Lieu and full Satisfaction of the said Tithes, during the Continuance of the said Lease or Leases thereof, and after Expiration of such Lease or Leases respectively, the full Tithes in Kind, or such Modus as have or hath been legally settled in Lieu thereof; in Trust nevertheless for and to the Uses, Intents, and Purposes in the said first recited Act mentioned.

IV. And be it hereby declared and enacted, That as well the said first recited Act, as all other Acts or Clauses in any Act made subsequent to the said first recited Act, relating to the said forfeited or other e states and Interests in Ireland, vested in the said Trustees, be, and is, and are hereby declared and enacted to be in all Courts and Places public Acts of Parliament.

V. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall be construed, or extend to alter or repeal the Act of Parliament made and passed in the second Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign Lord and Lady King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act to bar a Remainder limited to Dudley Bagenall, esquire, in the estate a/nicholas Bagenall, Esquire in Ireland; or to alter or repeal an Act made and passed in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Relief Nicholas Bagenall Eftjuirc, with relation to the forfeited Estates in Ireland; or to annul, alter, or repeal any Clauses or Provisions in either of the said Acts contained, or any Ways to act eft the Estate and interest of the said Nicholas Bagenall, in the said Acts mentioned; but that the Right, Title, Estate, and Interest of the said Nicholas Bagenall, of, in, and unto the several Tenements, Impropriations, Right of Patronage, Advowsons, Tithes, and Hereditaments in the said Acts mentioned, shall be, remain, and continue in the same Sort, Manner, and Form, as they were before the passing of this Act, and as if this Act had never been made.

Bonds taken ic Trustees Names for Moneys due for Tithes, C and not discharged, recoverable,

and payable to the said William Neave, C

Tithes have been leased with Lands at a Rent in Gross. the said Wii neave, C to _ jeceive a tenth Part of the Rent, cc.

Acts declared Public Acts

Not to alter acts, C made in Favour of Dudley Bagenall or Nicholas Bagenall.

1 WM. f. 1, C 17. a Private Act, 1 Anna?, flat. 1. C 2.7, a Private Act. Or affect the e state of Nicholas, C

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for repairing the Highways between Sheppards Shard and the Devisees, and between "the Top of PR. ashlington Hill and Rowel Ford in the County of ifilts. [Continued and enlarged by n Geo. 1. c. 27.

& 18 Geo. 2. c. 14.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making Provisions therein mentioned to raise Money by Way of Loan for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for ascertaining the Wine Measure.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

I. IT 7 E your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of England in Parliament aflem bled, duly considering how necessary it is that a full and ample Provision be made for enabling your Majesty to carry on the present War with Success, and that your majesty's Supply for that Purpose, and for other your majesty's necessary and important Occasions, be sufficient and complete, have cheerfully and unanimousty given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties herein after mentioned, for the Terms herein after expressed; do most humbly beseech your Majesty to accept thereof, and that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Tunnage and Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money payable upon Wines, Goods Poundage and Merchandizes imported, which were given and granted unto his late Majesty King Charles these war^continued, cond for his Life, by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his Reign, (entitled, A Subsidy 12 ar — — 4* granted to the King of Tunnage end Poundage., and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported) and which by several subsequent Acts of Parliament were continued until the first Day of August. ' u.

one thousand seven hundred and six, and by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An 1 Anns, flat. 1. Act for making good Deficiencies, and for preferring the public Credit, are granted to continue until the first C 13.

Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall by Virtue of this Act, be further continued and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, which shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of 1

Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, at any Time or Times between the last Day of July one thou

Kk z land

i

2$2 C 27.

Anno quinto anne Regime.

A.D. 1706.

32 Car. 2. C 4, Duties how levied.

6 Annie, C II

as continued.

2 5 Car. 2. C 6.

3 Jac. 2. C 19,

8 &, 9VA 3. C 34.

9 & 10 W, 3. C 30.

jx & II W.

Except Clauses intended to be perpetual.

to i Aug, 1712. sand seven hundred and ten and the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve; and that 1 Geo. 1. c. 12. tjje Act mae in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King chaiu.es the Second, and every Article, Rule, and Clause therein mentioned, or thereby referred to, shall be of full Force and eftedf, for raising, levying, and recovering the said Subsidies and Duties hereby granted and continued, for and upon all Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported, and all Arrears thereof, according to the true Meaning of this Act, as fully and in like Manner as if the same were particularly and at large recited and set down in the Body of this Act.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act of Parliament

12 Car. C 19. made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent

Frauds and Concealments of his Majesty's Customs and Subsidies; as also an Act made in the fourteenth Year

13 & 14. Car. 2. of the Reign of the fakl late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses

C 11. in his majesty's Customs4 and also an Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late

22 Car. a. C 13. King Charles the second, intituled, An Act for the Improvement of Tillage, and the Breed oj Cattle 5 and also one other Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking off Aliens Duties upon Commodities of the Grovoth, Product and manu fasture of the Nation; and also one other Act made in the said five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the 25 Car. 2. C 7, said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of Greenland and Eastland Traders, and for the better securing the Plantation Trade; and also one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King J aiies the Second, intituled An additional Act for the Improvement of Tillage; and one Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the lessening the Duty upon Tin and Pewter exported, and granting an Equivalent for the same by a Duty upon Drug: '-, and another act of the ninth Year of his Reign, For encreasivg his Majesty's Duties upon Lu jirings and Alamodes 3 and one Act made in the eleventh Year of his Reign, intituled, An Act for taking away the Duties upon the Woollen Manufactures, Corn, Grain, Bread, Biscuit, and Meal exported, and all zo Clauses and Directions whatsoever contained therein, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament now in

force concerning the said Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money upon Merehan 12 Car. 2. C 4. dize imported, which were granted in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second as aforesaid, shall be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

III. Provided nevertheless, and be it declared and enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be construed or taken to determine any articles.or Clauses in any of the last mentioned Acts, hereby enacted to be in force until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, which were appointed and intended to be perpetual, or which were continued by any Act of Parliament for any Time which will pot expire by or before the said first Day of Augijl one thousand seven hundred and twelve: But that the same, and every of them, shall continue and remain in Force as if this present Act had not been made: But such of the said Acts, and such Clauses in any of them, as would otherwise determine before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall hereby be revived, and stand, continue, and be in Force until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and no longer.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Impositions and Duties upon 2nd Vinegar, to Wines and Vinegar, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Xug " 1712 3 James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Impofiiion upon all Wines and Vinegar 1 Jac. 2. C imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty and five and the four and

twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety and.three: Which said Act, by.several subsequent Acts of Parliament, was continued until the first Day of 'august one thousand seven hundred and six; and by j Anna?, flat. 1. the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit, are granted to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall by Virtue of this Act, be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten, to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and no longer; and that the said Act so made in the first Year of the Reign of i Jac. 2. C 3. the said late King James the Second, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, for or concerning the said Impositions on Wines and Vinegar, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and shall be applied, practised, and executed for raisin°;, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties upon Wine and Vinegar, hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of the said King James the Second contained, had been again repeated in this Act, and particularly enacted.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon all Sorts of Tobacco, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty and five, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety and three: Which said Act, as for and concerning the said. and impositions upon Tobacco only, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, was continued until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and by the said Act of the first Year of her

1. majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the publick Credit, are granted to continue until the first Day of Augijl one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall by Virtue of this Farther continued by 3 'Amu, 13, & made peryctual by9 Ann, 21,

Act

Duties 00 Wines

Duties on Tobacco continued to 1 Aug. 1712 i Jac. 2. C 4.

I Anns, flat, C 13.

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto Ann: Reginae.

C 27. 253

Act be further continued and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Succedors, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten, to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and no longer.

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty Te be levied as upon Tobacco, which shall be imported during the Term hereby granted, and all Arrears thereof, shall by 7&8 w. 3, be secured, collected, raised, levied, answered, and paid to her Majesty, in such Method, and with such C 3° discount and Allowances, and according to such Rules and Directions as are mentioned, referred to, or prescribed as to the Duties or Impositions upon Tobacco, in and by the act made in the Parliament held

in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine, Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War against France, and not otherwise.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional and other Rates Duties on East Impositions, Duties, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an a61lndllco°ll3> CI made in the second Year of the Reign of King William the Third, and Queen Mary, intituled, anjug^iyi".

Act for granting to their majesties certain Impositions upon all east-india Goods and Manifactures, and upon all 2 w. & M. ff. 2. 1 wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandizes, to be imported after the five and twentieth Day a/'de C 4. cember one thousand six hundred and ninety, and which thereby, and by several subsequent Adds of Parliament,

were continued until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six, and by the said

A of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies and preserving, flat, 1.

the public Credit, are granted to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, C 13,

hall be further continued 'to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July one thou saud seven hundred and ten, to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and no longer; and that the said Add made in the second Year of their said late Majesties Reign, concerning east-india Goods and other Things therein charged, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, shall continue, and be of full Force and Effect, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and shall be applied, practised, and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, answering and paying the said respective Duties hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present at, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, had been again repeated, and particularly enacted; only as to such Part of the said Acts concerning the Except where said Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes imported. alterations re touching which other Provisions or Alterations are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being which other Provisions or Alterations are to be observed, and to continue during the Continuance of this present Act, and the said Act, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon 7 & gw. 3. jvine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and East India Goods and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on C 10. the jvar against France; and every Article, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, for the rai Farther continued ing, levying, securing, answering, and paying the Impositions and Duties on the merchandizes.and % faffpe Commodities thereby charged, and which are by this Act continued, shall be of full Force and Effect py 5 £ 41>

until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional and other Rates, Du Newlmpoftcon

ties, Impositions, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes granted by an Act of timed to 1 Aug. Parliament made in the fourth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their7iz majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for the prosecuting of the present 5'

War against France, which by several subsequent Acts of Parliament were continued until the first Day of

August one thousand seven hundred and six, and by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, Ann. C 21. tut it intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the public Credit, are granted to continue un repeated in Part till the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall by Virtue of this Act be further con as 'o ratinggoods tinued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July one^ffff C

thousand seven hundred and ten to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and ' C

no longer; and that the said Act last mentioned, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and 1 a"ne' stat Clauses therein contained, (except as herein after is excepted and provided) as for and concerning the ion said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and shall be applied, practised, and executed for the

raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, and all Arrears

thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, had been again repeated, and particularly enacted in this present Act.

IX. Provided also, That in all Cases where any other Provision or Alteration is made by any Act or Alterations made Acts of Parliament now in being, in or about any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Par by Acts toob liament for the Impositions last mentioned, such other Provisions or Alterations shall be observed, du feived

ring the Continuance of the Term hereby granted; any thing: herein contained to the contrary not withftar.ding.

X. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Impositions and Duties for and upon all Whalen.

Pipes, and foi

Duties on whale sins and Scotch Linens, were granted to his said late Majesty king \villiam, and by an Act of the first year of her Majesty's reign were continued.until she first Day of August one thousand 3 seven

254- C 27. Anno quinto Anna: Reginae. A.D. 1706.

seven hundred and ten, shall be, and are hereby continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, Continued to from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten to the first Day of August one thousand \ flat" 1 even hundred and twelve, and no longer; and shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, in such Man CI j.'ner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties as are mentioned in the said

Atft for granting the said Impositions on whale sins and Scotch Linens; which Act, with all the Powers, "tvi diutl a'i Ptovifoes, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, or thereby teferred to, shall continue and farther continued, n Force, until the said first: Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and shall be % s Am. C 13/ applied, practised, and put in Execution for raising and levying the said Duties oil whale fins, hereby ami madeperpe continued, and all Arrears thereof as fully and effectually as if all the Clauses, Matters, and Things tual by9Atm. therein contained, concerning the said Duties on whale sins were repeated, and again enacted in the Body C* this present at.

12 Car. 2. C 4. '

XI. And whereas the said Sub fid ies oftunnage and Poundage, and the said other Duties granted

therewith, in the twelfth Year of King Charles the Second, as aforesaid; the said Impositions on j Jac. 2. C 3. C Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, which were first granted to King James the Second, in the first Year 1 Jac. 2. r. 4.«of his Reign; and the said Impositions on East India Goods, and other Goods charged therewith, which 2. \. & m.ti. 2. < were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in the second Year of their 4 &*5 w. & M. C Reign; and the said additional Impositions which were first granted to them in the fourth Year of their C 5. ' Reign; and the said Duties on wale fins imported, which were granted to his said late Majesty King

10w, 3. ' William, in the ninth Year of his Reign, whereby the said at of the first Year of her Majesty's

ci ' Reign, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and prefierving the public Credit, continued as afore

I j?"* at'l' ' said, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, in the Manner therein men 3' ' tioned; and the said Subsidies, impositions, and Duties arising by the said Act of the first Year of her

majesty's Reign, are thereby made subject and liable to the Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest Moneys therein mentioned, great Part of which Principal Moneys do still remain unsatisfied, and are ' ( together with all the Interest due, and to grow due thereupon) to be paid and discharged in the first Place out of the Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties granted or continued by the Act last mentioned: .' After Principal Nowit is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately and in ereftmo after the Time that all the Principal and Interest Moneys, which by the said Act of the first Year of her niesbyi Anna?, majesty's Reign, for making good Deficiencies, and preserving the public Credit, are charged upon the stat*C ffseveral Subsidies Duties, and Impositions last mentioned, shall be fully paid off and satisfied, or that fuf maimiemo'be'" cent Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, then the aforesaid Subsidies, Duties, paid into the Ex and Impositions last mentioned, to arise by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the chequer forufcs Remainder of the several Terms thereby granted, and therein then to come and unexpired (except the in this Act. necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) shall from time to time be

paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer distinctly, for the Purposes in this present Act expressed, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

Clause of Loan

XII. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may for eight hundred be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives, or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to twenty-two advance and lend to her Majesty at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, as well upon Credit of the fe

thousand three vera] Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties by this Act granted or continued, as also upon Credit of the

one Poumis fif Moneys which by the said Act of the first year of her Majesty's Reign, after Satisfaction of the Principal teen Shillings and Interest thereupon, as aforesaid, shall arise by the Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties thereby and eight Pence granted, any Sums which shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand Farthing. three hundred eighty one Pounds. fifteen Shillings and fpc Pence Farthing, for the Service of the War, C 4" and other her Majesty's Occasions; moreover the Lord High Treasurer of England for the Time being,

or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised Sa $ Ana. C 13. ancj directed to cause the Officers of the said Receipt of the Exchequer to receive from time to time by way of Loan, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, willing to make the same at the said Receipt, any further Sum and Sums of Money, over and above the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds, fifteen Shillings and sixpence Farthing, as shall be sufficient to make good the Payment of all the Interest Moneys appointed or allowed by this at every three 1 Anna, stat. 1. Months, until the said Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties arising by this or the said Act of the first Year e j3 of her Majesty's Reign, or either of them first happening, shall come into the Exchequer, and be sufficient

for that Purpose, pursuant to the Intent and true Meaning of this Act; and that all the Lenders, as well of the said Sum not exceeding eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence Farthing, as of the said further Sums for making good the Payment of the intermediate Interest as aforesaid, shall have and receive Interest for the Forbearance thereof, after the qt 6 percent. Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, tax free. shall be taxed, rated or assessed by any Act of Parliament whatsoever.

Lenders to have

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Tallies and Or Money upon such Credits as aforesaid, and pay the same into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall inime ders, to diately have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her, or their Tallies, in or upon which Order shall be also contaiiled a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof at the Rate aforesaid, to be paid every three Months until the re payment of the Principal; and that all such Orders for Repayment of Money to be lent, shall be registered in course, according to the Dates respectively, without other Preference of one before another; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in course, according as their Orders shall Hand registered in the said Register Books, so as the said Person, Native or Foreigner, his or her

V Executors,

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Reginae. C 27. 255

Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, who shall have his or her Order or Orders first entered in the said respective Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted the first Person to be paid out of the Moneys to come in by this Act; and he, she, or they who hail have his or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively, and in course; that the Moneys to come in, of or for the several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties by this Act Moneys not digranted or continued as aforesaid, and also the Moneys which by the said at of the first Year of her vertible majesty's Reign (after Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest thereupon as aforesaid) shall arise by the i Ann Hat. i. Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties thereby granted as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order liable to the e, 13 satisfaction of the Moneys to be lent as aforesaid, to the respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; nofcetcbeta that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, to be demanded or taken of any her Majesty's ken on Penalty. Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, of any Entries, Views, or Search in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of her Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies; on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Treble Costs of Suit, or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Pee or Reward, then to Jose his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another hall be made, either in Or under Prese point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Adb, by any such Officer or Officers, Tence &c' then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with Damages and Costs to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only hall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever incapable of his Place or Office; and in Case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not director the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment, according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed, then he or they hall be adjudged to forfeit, and the (respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages, and Costs to be incurred by any of the Offi Penalties W cers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, recoverable. Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no ef foin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XIV. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or No undue Pre orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt, strence> c to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference, which of those be entered first, so as he

enters them all the same Day.

XV. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference, to incur any Penalty in sub!'eluent 0r" Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells Record, and the Tellers do pay fu'b ders' sequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons

that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in their Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall or<iet> af5gs» be due for Loans to be registered by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as afore able. said, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment, to be endorsed and

written upon his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders, which the Officers shall upon Request without Fee or Charge accordingly make, shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon, and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so titles quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release, and discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XVII. And to the End the Contents of the Wine Gallon, whereby the Duties hereby granted are to Wine Gallon be levied, may be ascertained and known to all her Majesty's Subjects, and that all Disputes and Contro ace, talne!i' verfies touching the Wine Measures, according to which any Customs, Subsidies, or other Duties, are,

from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, to be paid or payable to her 6

Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, may be settled, Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority j aforesaid, That any round Vessel (commonly called a Cylinder) having an even Bottom, and being seven, ce. \ 'c, 3 Inches Diameter throughout, and six Inches deep from the Top of the Inside to the Bottom, or any jg Gee. 2.). 9. Vessel containing two hundred thirty-one cubical Inches, and no more, shall be deemed and taken to be 26 Geo. 2. c.iz a lawful Wine Gallon; and it is hereby declared, That two hundred fifty-two Gallons, consisting each 30<cf0- 2 c 19 of two hundred thirty-one cubical Inches, shall be deemed a Tonne of Wine, and that one hundred twenty 32 n' 2' c'19 six such Gallons shall be deemed a Butt or Pipe of Wine, and that sixty three such Gallons shall be A Cylinder, deemed an Hogshead of Wine. 252 Gallons a

Tea of Wine. 126 a Butt 01 Pipe. 63 a Hcgfheai

Moneys remaining after Loans satisfied how appropriated.

5 Annie, C I.

5 Anna?, C 2.

5 Anna?, C 13.

5 Anna?, C 19.

Ordinary of the Navy and Ordnance.

Wars at portsmouth. Sec.

Guards and gar iifons.

Armies in the Low Countries, &c.

Proportions of the Charge of 8006 Men in Savoy.

Forces in Spain and Portugal. Garrison of Gibraltar. Recovery of Spain.

Treaties with Allies.

Unsatisfied Debentures. Exchequer Bills. Duke of Savoy,

Loan to the Emperor

Expedition under Earl Rivers. Troops of Portugal.

Palatine Troops.

C 27. Anno quinto Annjs Reginae. A.D. 1706.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto her Majesty on one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and so much Money (if any such he) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and' remain (after all the Loans made, or to be made upon that Act, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same) and all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto her Majesty upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon" Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fever., and so much Money of the said Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, thereby granted, as shall arise and remain (after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same) and the Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds to be issued in Exchequer Bills, pursuant to another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds is intended to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; and the Sum not exceeding eleven hundred and twenty thousand Pounds, mentioned and intended to be raised by another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Low jpines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part tf the Duties on j.lamp'd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one third Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities to be sold for raffing a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand Seven' hundred and seven; and the bum not exceeding eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence Farthing, intended to be raised upon this present Act, shall be appropriated, issued, and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed (that is to say) for or towards the defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages; Wear, Tear, and other Services of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof performed, and robe performed; and for the Sea Service in the Office of the Ordnance performed, and to be performed; and for or towards the making of a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth > for or towards the Land Services performed, and to be performed, by the Office of Ordnance and to and for Subsistence, Offreckonings, and Clearings for one Year, from the three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and six, to her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in England, and the Dominions thereunto belonging (Ireland excepted) and the Contingent Charges of the same, and for Payment of Invalids for the said Year, beginning from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and six; and for Or towards the defraying the Charges of her Majesty's Army, and such Forces as are or < shall be added thereunto, in the Low Countries or Germany, within or for one Year, to be reckoned from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and six, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of eight thousand Men sent to the Assistance of the Duke of Savoy, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; for or towards the defraying the Charge of her Majesty's Forces, and additional Forces to be employed in Spain or Portugal, and for the General Officers, Contingencies, Hospitals, for rage, and Wagon Money there, and for the Garrison at Gibraltar, and for General Officers serving the King of Portugal, for the said Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the further Charges necessary to prosecute the Successes already gained by King Charles the Third, for the Recovery of the Monarchy of Spain to the House of Aufiria; and for or towards the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies due upon Treaties made or to be made with her Majesty's Allies, and other Charges for the Service of the War, for any Time before or until the the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seven; for the Payment of another year's Interest oil the unsatisfied Debentures charged upon the Irish Forfeitures; and for or towards the Transportation of Land Forces performed, and to be performed; and for or towards discharging the Premiums and other Charges for circulating for another Year the Bills commonly called the Exchequer Bills, which were issued before this Session of Parliament; and for or towards the making good the Sum of fifty thousand Pounds which was advanced by her Majesty to the Duke of Savoy, for the better Defence of Turin, and for the Service of the War in Italy, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and six; and for or towards the making good the Sum of forty seven thousand five hundred Pounds, being her Majesty's Share of a Loan to the Emperor of Germany, for the Service of the War in Italy, in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and six; and for or towards the making good the Sum of sixty three thousand six hundred sixty one Pounds thirteen Shillings and sixpence, computed for levy money, Pay, and Contingencies of the Forces fenton the Expedition under the command of Earl Rivers, and for and towards making good a Sum not exceeding three thousand and fourteen Pounds, for defraying her Majesty's Expense for the Pay of the General Officers of a Body of thirteen thousand Men of the Troops i of the King of Portugal, pursuant to the Treaty in that Behalf, until the three and twentieth Day of de cember one thousand seven hundred and six; and for or towards making good a Sum not exceeding twenty six thousand six hundred ninety-two Pounds thirteen Shillings and ten Pence three Farthings; for defraying her Majesty's Share of the Pay of three thousand Palatine Troops, pursuant to the Treaty with the Fleftor Palatine, from the seventeenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and five to the three and twentieth Day of December following; and for or towards a Sum npt exceeding thirty seven

thousand

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Regin. C 28. 257

thousand and twelve Pounds seven Shillings and sixpence, for defraying her Majesty's Share of the Agio Bread and Forrage, for twelve thousand prussians employed in her Majesty's Service in the Netherlands; Pruflun Troop?, and for or towards a Sum not exceeding twenty thousand Pounds, for an additional Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel for augmenting his Troops, and marching them into Italy, and for defraying their Landgrave of Expense of Bread, Wagons, and Carriages, and of Hospitals for their Sick and Wounded, for the Ser Hcffc Caffe), vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding nineteen thousand seven hundred fifty-five Pounds nine Shillings and sixpence, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Agio Bread and Forrage for the said twelve thousand prussians, from their Prussians. coming into her Majesty's Service, until the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and six, and for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding eleven thousand seven hundred and eighty Pounds and eighteen Shillings, for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the extraordinary Charge for the Augmentation Troops of the Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel employed in Italy, from the Augmentation twentieth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six; and for or towards the making good a Sum Troops of Hcffc. not exceeding thirty-four thousand six hundred and seven Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence Half Penny, for levy money to recruit several Horses of the Foreign Troops in her Majesty's Pay, that were killed or died of the common Distemper in Flanders, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and five; and for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding eleven hundred forty six Pounds, fora further Allowance of levy money for recruiting the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons lost in the levy money, same Campaign in Flanders; and for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding seven thousand five hundred seventy three Pounds, for levy money to recruit other Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, and for Officers Horses which died of the common Distemper after the said Campaign there, he tween the one and thirtieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and five and the latter End of February following,; and for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding eleven thousand two hundred ninety-eight Pounds, for levy money for recruiting the Horses of the English Horse and Dragoons, which were killed and died of the common Distemper in the Low Countries, between the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and six and the one and thirtieth Day of December following; and for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding Sixteen thousand fifty-five Pounds twelve Shillings and sixpence, for defraying her Majesty's Share of the levy money for recruiting the Horses of the Dantjh Troops in the Pay of England and Holland, that were lost in the same Manner between the first Day of January one thousand seven hundred and five and the la fi: Day of October one thousand seven hundred and six; and for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding one thousand seven hundred seventy five Pounds, for the like Loss sustained by the Troops of Hanover in her Majesty's Pay during the last Campaign in Flanders; and for satisfying and discharging the Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty five Pounds ten Shillings, mentioned in the fifteenth Article of the Treaty of Union between England and Scotland, confirmed by Acts of Parliament in both Kingdoms, being the Equivalent to be answered by the said Ar Equivalent tide to Scotland, for such Customs and Excite which Scotland is to be charged with, and will be appli m00'* cable to the Debts of England, and for enabling her Majesty to make a Recompense not exceeding two thousand six hundred forty-one Pounds, to the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Carlisle, 1, y 01 ar 1 e' for such Tolls as they are to be deprived of by the sixth Article of the said Treity of Union: Which ke compence is to go to and for the same Uses and Purposes to which the said Tolls ought to have been applied; and for enabling her Majesty to make a Recompense, not exceeding five thousand Pounds to Jjfeph Mujgrave, Thomas Mujgrave, and George Alufgrave, Sons of Sir christopher Mujgrave Baronet, deceased, in full discharge of all foils in Westmoreland and Cumberland, that were granted to Sir Philip Mujgrave Baroner, by King Charles the Second, and which are specified in the Grants of King James the Second, and King William the Third, to the late Sir Christopher Mujgrave, and for enabling her Majesty to apply what may be convenient for the better securing the Islands of Nevis and St. Christophers, and Applying thfcm with Necessaries in order to a re settlement; and to no other Uses, Intents or Purposes' whatsoever.

XIX. Provided always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons, as afore For Maintenance said, there flrall and may be taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hun of Marines, dred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, towards the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers raised, and to be -

raised, for Sea service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; m.d. out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the Navy and Sea Services, as aforesaid, there malp^e taken and applied such Sums as, together with the said Sum, not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, hall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXVIII -

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, notwithstanding E xp.

the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for an Account to be made of Trophy

Money,

CAP. XXIX.

Vcl. IV

A.D. 1706.

5 Anna, C 8.

Art; cle S.

For preserving an Equality of Trade.

slv. ME. 7. 2 & 3 Ann. C 14. 4 Ann. C 12. Foreign Salt imported afrer 1 May 1707, to be weighed, cellared, and locked up.

Merchant to have any Quantity, & C not under forty Bushels, paying Duty in six Months.

Penalty on landing foreign Salt not so secured, or removing it without Permit.

Provisoif Quantity amount not to forty bu/hels.

Allowances for Salt carried Coastwise.

This Clause explained by 6 Anns, C 12. set. 3.

lz Months allowed for Payment of Duties on Rock Salt.

Months on tether englishsalt

Anno quinto Ann Regina?.

CAP. XXIX.

An at foreafe of her Majesty's Subjects in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the Exportation of white Herrings, fjefh, Oatmeal, and Grain called beer alias Bigg, as are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland.

C \\ WHEREAS by the Articles of Union between the Kingdoms of England and Scotland, which are agreed upon and confirmed by an at of this present Parliament, there are certain Concessions made for the Advantage of her Majesty's subjects of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in mat ters relating to the Duties upon Salt, and other Goods and Merchandizes, as are herein after mentioned,

whereby her Majesty's subject's in England, trading in Salt and other the Commodities herein after particularly expressed, will he liable to great Difudvantages, imless Provision be likewise made for their Eafc in the said Trade We your Majesties most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons, in Parliament assembled, being desirous That there may be as great an Equality of Trade as is possible among all your majesty's Subjects, do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all foreign Salt that shall be imported into the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, shall, upon the landing thereof, be weighed, cellared, and locked up in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on Salt, under, the custody of the Merchant or Importer (who is to be at the Charge of the Cellarage or store house) and such Officer as the Commissioners for the Duties on Salt for the time being, shall appoint, in the Port or Place where the same shall be so imported and landed; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the Merchant or Importer of the said Salt, from time to time, in the Presence of an Officer for the Duties on Salt, and by Warrant or Permit, under such officer's Hand and Seal, to have what Quantity thereof his Occasions may require, not under a Weigh or forty Bushels at a time, giving Security for the Duty of what Quantity he receives, payable in six Months time after the Delivery of any such Salt; and in case such Merchant or Importer shall pay ready Money upon the Delivery of the Salt, he shall have after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum out of the said Duties abated him.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such foreign Salt imported, shall not, upon the landing thereof, be secured, as aforesaid, the same shall be liable to Payment of Duties, and to such Penalties and Forfeitures, for not paying or securing such Duties, as if this Act had not been made; and that no Salt so cellared and locked upon, as aforesaid, shall be removed from any such Cellar or Place, without Notice first given to the Officer appointed for that Purpose, and without a Warrant or Permit for conveying the same, as aforesaid; Pain of forfeiting such Salt, and also upon Pain of forfeiting ten Shillings per Bushel, and also the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered from the Person or Persons who imported the same; and that every Carrier, or Person who shall carry, convey, or remove any such Salt without Notice first given to the Officer, and without a Warrant or Permit for conveying the same, shall be liable to the like Forfeitures of ten Shillings per Bushel, and also twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

III. Provided nevertheless, That where the whole Quantity of foreign Salt, liable to Duty, imported in any Ship or Vessel, does not amount to forty Bushels, the Duties shall be paid and secured, according to the Provisions made by former Laws; anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

eiiv. And whereas Salt carried Coastwise is or may be liable to Waste, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Merchant or Person who, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, shall ship any English Salt, or Rock Salt, to be carried Coastwise (viz.) from one Port of England or 1 Vales, or the Port of Bcnuick upon Tweed, to any Port of England or Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the Duties having been paid, or secured to be paid, according to former Laws, shall have an Allowance made to him, after the Rate of three Bushels for every forty Bushels of englishs white Salt, and after the Rate of one Bushel and an Half for every sorry Bushels of English Rock Salt so shipped to be carried Coastwise, and proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, in Consideration of the ordinary Wie in the Carriage thereof, which Allowance shall be made but once for the same Salt, although such Salt be carried from several Ports Coastwise as aforesaid, and the proper Officer of the Port, where such Salt or Rock Salt shall be first shipped to be carried Coastwise, shall not only express the said Allowance on the Coast Cocquet or Transire for the same, but also give gratis to the said Merchant, or other Person there shipping the same, a Certificate under Hand and Seal, of the Number of Bushels of Salt so shipped, and how much the Allowance hereby directed to be made at the Rates aforesaid doth amount to, which Certificate being produced to the Officer who first received the Duties of the said Salt, or took Security for the same, the Officer last mentioned shall repay so much Money as he received for Daries of the said Salt, or Rock Salt, as is to be allowed for Waste' as aforesaid; if the Duties thereof shall not then have been paid in Money, then the said Officer shall. discount the said Allowance for Waste on the said Security.

V. And it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases where, by the former Laws relating to the Duties on Salt, the Time for Payment of the Duties on Rock Salt is appointed to be nine Months, there shall be twelve Months Time allowed, instead of the said nine Months; and where the Time for Payment of the Duties on other English Salt is by the said former Laws appointed to six Months, there shall be nine

'Months

4

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Regins. C 29. 259

Months Time allowed instead of the said six Mouths; and the Securities and Discounts for prompt Payment, after the said first Day of May next, shall be regulated accordingly.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all white Herrings, which hall, Allowances Tor from and after the said first Day of May one thousand l'even hundred and seven, be exported from any white Herring Port or Place in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to esp°rtei1"

Parts beyond the Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, there shall be the like Allowances as are to

be made upon the Exportation of white Herrings from Scotland, to be paid by the Officer appointed to collect: the Duties upon Salt in the same Port from whence any such Herrings shall be exported, within thirty Days alter a Demand thereof, on a Debenture to be prepared by the Collector of the Customs where such Herrings shall be entered out for Exportation, and verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Herrings actually hipped, and that the same were well Farther provi cured, and merchantable, and full packed, and that the Oath of the Exporter or Agent be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port, before the Debenture be allowed, who are hereby required C u.'fcift.'and empowered to give the said Oath, that the Herrings in such Debenture mentioned were cured with Salt, for which the Duties had been paid, and not drawn back, and that the same is really exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not relanded or intended to be relanded in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed; for which Debenture no See or Reward shall be taken; and in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such Debenture, shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, then upon Certificate thereof by him made (which Certificate he is hereby required to give the Party gratis) the principal Commissioners for managing her Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Salt for the time being, shall be chargeable with the said Payment, to be made in Course out of the first Money in their Hands arising out of the Duties upon Salt; and that it shall and may be lawful for the Officers of the said Duties on Salt, in the several and respective Ports of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, upon the Exportation of any Herrings as aforesaid, and before the same shall be laid e*p0'; ted a, nd on Board for Exportation, to mark, any Cask, Barrel, or other Vessel, wherein any such Herrings shall f^ted6 andao s be exported, to the Intent it may be known that such Herrings have been exported, and Allowances ob Fer Barrel, tallied on Exportation thereof, in case the same, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded and reimported.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any such Herrings shall, after Allowances for the same shall be exported, be relanded or reimported, all the said Herr ings so relanded or reimported p'1

shall be forfeited and lost, and twenty Shillings per Barrel for every Barrel thereof, and foin Proportion <.°' for a greater or Idler Quantity, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Barrel of faked Beef or Pork, is. 6d. to be which shall be exported for Sale from any Port of this Kingdom, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Ber pet Band. wick upon Tweed, to Parts beyond the Seas, after the said hrft Day of May one thousand seven hundred }eai0^' c'z°' and seven, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, there shall be for each Barrel the like Allowances as are Revived by

'to be allowed upon Exportion of such Beef and Pork exported from Scotland, which Allowance shall be 5 Geo. 2. c. 6. paid by the Officer appointed to collect the Duties upon Salt, in the same Port from whence any such tnkb is revived Beef or Pork shall be exported, within thirty Days after Demand thereof, on a Debenture to be prepared ond aadtfaft by the Collector of the customs where such Beef or Pork shall be entered out for Exportation, and verified 2'° 3' by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Beef and Pork actually'

hipped for Sale, and that the same is good and merchantable, and that the Oath of the Exporter or Agent be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port, before the Debenture be allowed, who are hereby required and empowered to give the said Oath, that the Beef or Pork in such Debenture mentioned, was faked with salt for which the Duties had been paid, and not drawn back, and that the same is really exported to Parts beyond the Seas for Sale, and that any Part thereof was not spent, or intended to be spent for the ship's Use, and was not relanded, or intended to be relanded; for which Debenture no See or Reward shall be taken: And in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such Debenture, shall not have sufficient Money in his Hands to pay the same, then upon Certificate thereof by him made,

(which Certificate be is hereby required to give the Party gratis) the principal Commissioners for managing her Majesty's Revenues of Excise upon Salt for the time being, shall be chargeable with the said Payment, to be made in Course out of the first Money in their Hands arising out of the Duties upon Salt:

And that it shall and may be lawful for the Officers for the said Duties on Salt, in the several and respective Ports of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick' upon Tweed, upon the Exportation of any Beef or Pork, _ and before the same shall be laid on board for Exportation, to mark any Cask, Barrel, or other Vessel wherein any such Beef or Pork shall be exported, to the Intent it may be known that such Beef or Pork has been exported, and Allowances obtained on Exportation thereof, 'in case the same, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded or reimported.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Beef or Pork shall, after Exported and rc the same hall be exported, be relanded or reimported, all the said Beef or Pork so relanded or reimported land*d»

shall be forfeited ard lost, and forty Shillings per Barrel for every Barrel thereof, and foin Proportion "gs 7, Barrel, for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

X. And whereas by the aforesaid Articles of Union, it is provided, That from and after the Union Allowances for there shall be certain Allowances for all Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, exported from Scotland, 'Be it Oatmeal and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer alias Bigg, which from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, shall be exported from anye*r°rts 1 C Port of this Kingdom of England, Dominion of ivales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to Parts beyond the Seas, by any Merchant, or other Person or Persons whatsoever, there shall be the like Pramium

L 1 2 ' given

260 C

29.

Anno quinto Ann; Regina?.

A.D. 1706.

Penalties, chow distributed.

Persons having exporred silt to Ireland', in titled to a Drawback.

given upon the Exportation thereof, as is to be given upon Exportation of Oatmeal and Beer from Scotland, such Merchant or other Person first bringing a Certificate in Writing under his or their Hands, containing the Quantity of such Oatmeal, or Beer alias Bigg, so hipped, to the Collector or other Person appointed, or to be appointed for the time being, to collect the Duties or Rates arising by Customs within any such Port, and making Proof of such Certificate by one or more credible Person or Persons upon their Oaths, (which Oaths the said Collector, or other Person, is hereby authorised and required to administer) and giving Bond in the Sum or ten Pounds at least for every Tonne of Oatmeal so shipped, consisting of twenty hundred Weight, and for every forty Bushels of Beer alias Bigg, so hipped, and so pro portionably for a greater or leller Quantity, that the same hall be so exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not be relanded; which Premium every Merchant, or other Person so hipping off any such Oatmeal, or Beer alias Bigg, and giving Certificate and Bond as aforesaid, hall have and receive from such Collector, or other Person as aforesaid, in any Port respectively where the same hall be so hipped, out of her Majesty's Revenue of the Customs, and upon Certificate returned under the Common Sea] of the chief Magistrate in any Place or Places beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known English Merchants upon the Place, that such Oatmeal, or Beer alias Bigg, was there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons that such Oatmeal, or Beer alias Bigg, was taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas; which Proof being made, or Certificate delivered to the Collector, or other Person, who took Bond as aforesaid, the said Bond hall be delivered up to such Merchant, or other Person, or his Order, to be cancelled without any Fee for the same.

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures given by this or any former Law relating to the Duties of Excise upon Salt, shall be distributed in Manner following; (that is to say) one Moiety thereof to the Queen, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Officer or Officers who hall seize, sue, or inform for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, and it is hereby declared, Fhat all and every Person and Persons, 'who have.exported any Salt, or Rock Salt, out of the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Benvick upon Tweed, and landed the same in the Kingdom of Ireland, although the same was entered in England, on the Exportation thereof, for other foreign Parts, and afterwards landed in Ireland, such Person or Persons having so landed the same in Ireland, shall be intituled to a Debenture or Drawback of the said Duty of such Salt, notwithstanding the same was entered for other foreign Parts: And all Suits or Prosecutions commenced, or to be commenced against any Person or Persons having exported such Salt or Rock Salt for foreign Parts, and landed the same as aforesaid, shall cease and determine.

XIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the forth, unlessen fifi first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, there hall be no Debenture made out or tioae made for Drawback allowed for any Salt or Rock Salt landed in Ireland after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, unless the Entry of the same Salt at Exportation, be made for some Port in the Kingdom of Ireland.

XIV. And whereas White Salt and Rock Salt in the Exportation front England to Ireland, are liable to Waste, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, upon producing such a Certificate as is by Law required, from the Collector and proper Officers of the Port or Place in Ireland, of the Quantity of what white Salt and Rock Salt was there landed, the Exporter or Proprietor of such white Salt and Rock Salt hall have an Allowance of four Bushels for every forty Bushels of white Salt, and of two for every forty Bushels of Rock Salt put on Board in England, in order to be exported to Ireland, in Consideration of the ordinary Waste in the Carriage thereof; and a Debenture or Debentures hall be issued out gratis accordingly, by the Collector or proper Officer of the Port or Place in England, from whence such white Salt or Rock Salt was exported, and the same hall be allowed or paid to the Exporter or Proprietor, in like Manner as Debentures are or hall be payable for Salt exported.

XV. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King William and Queen Mary of blessed Memory, intituled, An Act for the encouraging the Exportation of Corn, it was amongst other things thereby enacted, That every such Merchant by the said Act described, hipping any Malt or Barley, Rye, or Wheat, and giving Certificate and Bond as the said Act directs, shall have and receive from the Farmers, Commissioners, Collectors, or other Persons appointed or to be appointed for the time being, to collect the Duties and Rates arising by Customs, within any such Port where the said Corn shall be hipped off, for every Quarter of Barley or Malt, ground or unground, two Shillings and sixpence; for every Quarter of Rye, ground or unground, three Shillings and sixpence; for. every Quarter of Wheat, ground or unground, five Shillings: And whereas since the making of the said Act ' there have been diverse Quantities of Malt made of Wheat, some Part whereof have been exported, and some Doubts have arisen touching the bounty money to be paid upon the Exportation thereof, to the Discouragement of the Exportation of Corn: 'And for clearing thereof, and for preventing future dif bount' mooey" Putes touching the same; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Merchant or other Person y' exporting Malt made of Wheat, from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, hall have and receive of the said Farmers, Commissioners or Persons aforesaid, five Shillings for every Quarter of Malt made of Wheat, or Wheat Malt, ground or unground, to be paid by the respective Persons in the said recited Act mentioned.

But not hence

fbme Port in Ireland, Allowances for Waste.

1 W. & M. sejjt. I. C

exporters of Malt to have

6 XVI. And

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto annje Reginae.

C 30.

261

C 22.

1 Anna?, stati I. 21.

2 & 3 Annas,

14.

XVI. And whereas by the several acts of Parliament for laying Duties on Rock Salt, and Salt refined N Exporters of from Rock Salt, the Exporters of the same draw back more Money from the Salt Revenue than they C

to her Majesty; 'Prevention thereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and greater6aiiow after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, no Person or Persons wha shall 1 ex ance, con Export Rock Salt, or Salt refined from Rock Salt, shall have any other or greater Allowance on prompt portation than Payment and Exportation of the same, by Way of Debenture, than what really and bona fide was before what wis before paid for the Duty of the said Salt; and that no Person giving Bond and Security for the said Duty, pay pald^ord^, cable within the Time limited by Law, and paying the same in twenty-eight Days after giving the said 10 11'3'

Security, shall be intituled, on Exportation from England, Wales, or Berwick, to any other Advantage than to such a Debenture as shall discharge the Bond and Security only given for the Payment of the said Duty.

XVII. And whereas foreign Salt imported is allowed to be cellared, or put into Warehouses, and Anna? C ' the Duties thereof are to be paid or secured upon Delivery, as in this Act is mentioned Be it enacted nn by the Authority aforesaid, That all Merchants and other Persons importing such foreign Salt, from and jf°snt °" °* after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, shall be and are hereby charged with chargeable witu the Duties for the full Quantity of Salt so cellared, or put into Warehouses; if upon clearing any the Duties for Cellar or Warehouse, in which the said Salt was locked up, there he any Want of the said Quantity, the the full Quan importer or Importers of the said Salt so wanting shall be answerable for the same; anything herein'y ceilare<i'&c* contained to the contrary notwithstanding

And whereas by a Clause in an at passed in the last Session of this present Parliament, in Anns, C 6,

tituled, An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, §3 5'

Culm., and Cynders, and additional Duties of Exctfc, and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Adeems, for Payment of Annuities to be sold far raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the 1 Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Uses therein mentioned, all Intereic on Bonds entered into, and due and payable before the sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and five,

by Merchants and others, for the Customs, additional Duties, Impositions, and other Duties on Goods and Merchandizes imported into the Kingdom of England, was thereby discharged, provided' the prin cipal Sums secured by such Bonds were paid before the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and.fix; and whereas several Merchants and others of the City of Bristol had, before the said first Day of Merchants or

June one thousand seven hundred and six, paid several Sums of Money, amounting in the whole to the Bnllol, who paid: ' Sum of three thousand eighty eight Pounds eight Shillings, in to the Collector of the Customs of the |°tl, eftonbond3 ' Ports there, for the Interest of several principal Sums of Money, upon several Bonds by them given for given for Customs and other Duties of Goods and Merchandise by them imported into the said Port of Bristol, stoms, e.

which principal Moneys they had also before that Time paid, and which principal Moneys and Interest have beeirfince applied to the Use of the Public; and it is equally just that those Moneys so paid for Interest should be allowed back to the said Persons, as the other Interest Should be forgiven to the said Persons, pursuant to the said before mentioned Clause Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer, or commissioners of Lord Treasurer the Treasury for the Time being, or any three or more of them, to direct the Collector of the Customs. to collec of the said Port of Bristol for the Time being, out of the Moneys which shall be at the Time of such Di otbriftoi to' e redtion in the Hards of such Collector, upon Account of Customs, additional Duties, Impositions, and pay the same, C other Duties on Goods and Merchandizes respectively, imported there, or which shall from thence next Farther prov; r. after come into his Hands upon that Account, and such Collector is hereby authorised and required ac, s ccr.ctriiin* cordingly to refund and repay to the said several Merchants and others, (who paid in the said three thou sa, 6 Anna, sand eighty eight Pounds eight Shillings) their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, the Sum and Va.9 Ann. Sums of Money so paid in by all and every such Merchants, or others; and that thereupon, and upon C3 nann. the said collector's producing Receipts and acquittances for such Sum and Sums, such Collector mall^qt'/a'is be allowed the same upon his Account, as if the same had been by him paid upon Account of Drawbacks. ce, ! t. '<. A for Goods exported; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. 8(7c». 1. C 4

& 16.

11 Geo. 1. c. 30. 3 Geo. i, C 20. 5 Geo. 2. c. 6. 8 Geo. 2. c. 11, 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 322

CAP. XXX.

An act for the better securing her Majesty's Purchase of Cotton House in Westminster.

WHEREAS Sir John Cotton, late of Westminster in the County of Middlesex, Baronet, was in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King William the Third, " of gloroius Memory, seized for the Term of his Life, with Ret aincer to John Cotton the Grandson, (now bir John Cotton Baronet) anti the Heirs Male of his Body, with other Remainders, of and in the Capita] Meftiiage called Cotton House, and the Gardens and Buildings used and enjoyed with the same, being in the Parish of St. Margaret's wcjhninster, in the County of Middlesex; and being so ftized, in the said twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King William, at the Request of the said Sir John Cotton the Grandfather, in the Absence of the said Sir John Cotton the Grandson beyond the Seas, an Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act sir Act forfe tling the better settling and preserving the Library kept in the Hoise at Westminster, called Cotton House, in the h°use Name and Family of the Cottons, for the Benefit of the Public, was made, thereby reciting. That Sir,

Robert Cotton, late of Connington in the County of Huntington Baronet, did, at his own great Charge and C 7> 3'3'

Expense, and by the Assistance of the most learned Antiquaries of his Time, collect and purchase the.

- 4 most.

262 C 30. Anno quinto Annas Regina;. A.D. 1706.

Trustees for managing the Library.

Cotton House purchased by the Queen for 4500l.

Cotton House and Gardens, C vtfled in the Queen, her Heirs, C

useful Manuscripts, written Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, and other Memorials, in moll Languages, of great Use and Service for the Knowledge and Preservation of our Constitution both in Church and State; which Manuscripts and other Writings were procured, as well from Parts beyond the Seas, as from several private Collectors of such Antiquities within this p>.ealm, and are generally esteemed the bell Collection of its Kind now anywhere extant; and that the said Library had been pre served and very much augmented by the late Sir Thomas Cotton, Son of the said Sir Robert, and by the said Sir John Cotton, and was lodged in the said Sir Johns ancient Mansion House at Westminster; and that the said Sir John, in pursuance of the Desires' and Intentions of his said Father and Grandfather,

was content and willing that the said Mansion House and Library Should continue in his Family and Name, and not be sold or gtlierwife disposed or imbezilled, and that the said Library Should be kept and preferred by the Name of the Cottonian Library, for public Use and Advantage, it is enacted, That from and after the Death of the said Sir John Cotton the Grandfather, the said Mansion House, with the Gardens, and all other Appurtenances, and also all the said Library or Collection of Manuscripts, writ ten Books, Papers, Parchments, Records, and other Memorials mentioned and named in a Schedule

'then and now remaining in the said Library, together with all Coins, Medals, and other Rarities and Curiosities in the said Library then and now contained, be settled, limited, and vested in the Trustees therein after named, to have, hold, and enjoy, to them and their Successors for ever, to the Uses, In ' tents, and Purposes therein mentioned (that is to say) As for the said House, Gardens, and Appurte nances, other than the Room where the said Library then was, or then after might be lodged, and a C convenient Way, passage, and Resort to the same, at the Will and Discretion of the Heirs of the Fa

and the Library therein after mentioned, to the only proper Use and Behoof of the said now Sir ' John Cotton the Grandson and Heir of the late Sir John Cotton, and after his Decease, to the first and every the Son and Sons of his Body to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Body of such Son or Sons

issuing successively, with other Remainders as therein are particularly mentioned, P, emainder to the tight Heirs of the said Sir John Cotton (nbw living) Grandson. and Heir of the said late Sir John Cotton, for ever; and as for and concerning the said Library and Room wherein the same then was, or fflould be contained, together with a convenient passage for resorting thereunto, upon this Trull and Confidence,

that the said Trustees and their successors Should and would, from Time to Time, and at all Times thereafter, as Occasion Should require, inspefl, consult, and take care of the said Library, and other Particulars abovementioned, and also make and appoint stich Orders and Rules as they Should think i proper for the reading and using the same, and for their better Preservation; to the Intent or Purpose that the said Trustees, or the major Part of them, Should nominate and appoint a good and sufficient Person, well read in Antiquities and Records, to have the immediate Care and Custody of the said Library. And it is thereby further enacted, That the said House, with the Appurtenances, and the Library, and other Particulars aforesaid, Should never be subject or liable to any Judgments, Statutes,

Recognizances, or any other Incumb ances, nor Should ever be sold or aliened, forfeited, or forfeitable, i ' upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever; and further that the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper for the Time being, the Honourable Robert Harley Esquire, then Speaker of the House of Commons, the Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the King's Bench for the Time being, Sir Robert Catton of Hatley St. George in the County of Cambridge Knight, Phillip Cotton of Connington in the said County Esquire, Robert Cotton of Gicldin in the County of Huntington Esquire, and William Hanbury, of the Inner Temple London Esquire, shall be the Trustees,

1 to and for the Purposes aforesaid; and in case of the Deccale of any of the aforesaid raft recited four Persons, the said Sir John Cotton the Grandson, or other Heir Male of the said Family, who Should be in Possession, or intituled to the Possession of the Mansion House, by virtue of the Limitations therein 5 recited, Should nominate and appoint one or more fit Persons to succeed him or them, and supply the Place of him or them so dying. And whereas since the making of the said Act very little hath been done in pursuance thereof, to make the said Library useful to the Public, except what has been lately done at her Majesty's Charge, and there is no Way or passage to it set out as the Act did direct, nor can there be any passage to the same but through the he ll Rooms of the House, which would render the House wholly tfieless to the Family, so that the Library cannot be resorted unto; nor have any Orders or Rules been appointed for reading or using the same, and thereby the Public is wholly deprived of the Benefit and Advantage designed by the Act; and the Place wherein the Library was then contained, was a narrow little Room, damp, and improper for preserving the Books and Papers; and the Condition thereof having been humbly represented to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, her Majesty, to the Intent so great a Treasure of Books and Manufcrips, so generously given for the public Service,

might not remain any longer useless, and in Danger of perishing for want of due Care; and that it may be in her Majesty's Power to make this moll valuable Collection useful to her own Subjects, and to all learned Strangers, did give Directions for treating with the said Sir John Cotton, for the Purchase of the said Cotton House and Gardens, and an Agreement has been made for the purchasing the Inheritance

thereof, for the Sum of four thousand five hundred Pounds, which her Majesty hath diredred to be paid '

on the inverting the Inheritance of the Premises in her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, which can not be done but by al of Parliament, the said recited Act having directed it may not be sold or alien ed: 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Suit and Petition of the said Sir John Cotton the Grandson, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Capital messuage, called Cotton House, and the Gardens and Buildings used and enjoyed with the same, with their Appurtenances, shall

be

A.D. 1706. Anno quinto anne Reginae. C 30. 263

be and are hereby vested in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and her Majesty, her Heirs and successors shall for ever have, hold, and enjoy the same, against the said Sir John Cotton the Grandson, and against all and every the Sons of the said Sir John Cotton, to be begotten, and the Heirs Male of the Bodies of 1'uch Son or Sons, and against all and every other Person and Persons claiming or to claim by Virtue of any of the Uses or Limitations contained in the said recited Act, and against the Heirs of the Bodies of Sir Thomas Cotton., and Dame Alice his Wife, both deceased, and against the right Heirs of the said Sir Thomas Cotton, and against all and every Person and Persons claiming or to claim, by from, or under the said Sir John Cotton deceased, and freed and discharged of and from their respective Titles and Estates.

II. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That a convenient Room shall be built on or near A convoni nt Part of the said Ground, hereby intended to be vested in her Majesty, as her Majesty, her Heirs and Sue Room to be built cessors, shall by Writing under the Sign Manual appoint; in which Room, when built, all the said Ma for the Library, nuferipts, written Books, Papers Parchments, Records, and other Memorials, as also all Coins, Medals,

and other Rarities and Curiosities in the said Library contained, shall belonged, and there remain to all Posterity; the said P, oom when built, shall for ever be called and known by the Name of the Cotto a" (3 Cottonian man Library; and from the building thereof, the said Library shall be managed and directed by the Lord Library Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England for the Time being, the Honourable Robert Har tru(ieesap. vey Esq; Principal Secretary of State, the Honourable the Speaker of the House of Commons for the Time ported, p being, the Lord Chief Justice of the queen's Bench for the Time being, Sir Robert Cotton of Hatley St. George in the County Cambridge, Knt. Phillip Cotton of Conningtcn in the said County, Esq; Robert Cotton of Gid. in the County of Huntington, Esq; and tfiuiam Hanbury of the Inner Temple, London, Esq; and their successors, as Trustees to and for the Use of the Public for ever; and in case any of the said recited four Persons shall happen to die, the said Sir John Cotton, or other Heir Male of his family for the Time being, shall nominate and appoint one or more fit Person or Persons for the Time being, to succeed hint or them, and to supply the Place of him or them so dying, and so toties quoties, as any of the said last four Trustees, or others succeeding them, shall happen to die.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Manuscripts, written Books, Pa Library to Be' pers. Parchments, Records, and other Memorials, as also all Coins, Medals, Rarities, and Curiosities under tke same in the said Library, hereby intended to be lodged in the said Room when rebuilt, shall be under the same regulation as Regulations, Directions, and Management of the said Trustees, to all Intents and Purposes, as the pre atpt6lent> sent Library and everything therein contained, now is by the said recited Act liable and subject to; and

a fit Person for Library Keeper, shall be appointed by the said Trustees from Time to Time as they, or the major Part of them, shall think fit; and the said Library, and Library Keeper, shall be in every Re -- sped under the same Directions and Government as the present Library and Library Keeper by the said recited Act are subject to, except where the same is herein particularly altered.

IV. Saving to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Sue Salvo of Righe cessors (other than and except the said Sir John Cotton the Grandson, and his Son and Sons, begotten or to all Persons, to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Bodies of such Son and Sons, and other than the Person and persons claiming or to claim by Virtue of, or under any of the Uses or Limitations contained in the said elcceptl<m' recited Act, and other than the Heirs of the Bodies of Sir Thomas Cotton and Dame Alice his Wife, and

other than the right Heirs of the said Sir Thomas Cotton, and other than the Person and Persons claiming, or to claim, by, from, or under the said Sir Thomas Cotton deceased) all such Right, Title, Estate, interest, or Demand, into or out of the said premisses hereby vested in her Majesty as aforesaid, as they or any of them had or might enjoy if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

V. And to ihe Intent that an Equivalent in lieu of the said House, called Cotton House, Gardens and buildings, hereby vested in her Majesty, may be settled to the same Uses the said House, Gardens, and buildings were settled and limited by the said recited Act of Parliament; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sir John Cotton, or his Heirs, shall before or at the Time of receiving the sir John Cottas said four thousand five hundred Pounds from her Majesty, by good and sufficient Conveyances and Aflu to settle 300l. ranees in the Law, convey and allure Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments of Inheritance in the Coun -- py Annum hr ties of Huntingdon or Bedford, or one of them, Part of the present Estate of the said Sir John Cotton, of ha "of Cotton the clear annual Value of three hundred Pounds beyond ordinary Reprizes, free from all Encumbrances, ou e'

to the Use of him the said Sir John Cotton, for and during the Term of his natural Life, and after his De To the ute of'

cease, to the Use of the first, and every other Son and Sons of the Body of the said Sir John Cotton to be himself.

and the Heirs Males of the Body of such Son or Sons issuing successively; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of Thomas Cotton, Brother of the said Sir John Cotton, for the Term of his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the Use of the first and every other Son and Sons of the Body of the said Thomas to be begotten successively, and to the Heirs Males of the Body of such Son and Sons; and for Default of such Blue, to the Use of Robert Cotton of Giddin in the County of Huntingdon Esq; Unele of the said Sir John Cotton, for the Term of his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the Use of John Cotton, Son of the said Robert Cotton, for his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the Use of the first and every other Son and Sons of the said John Cotton to be begotten successively, and the Heirs Males of their Bodies issuing; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of all and every the other Son and Sons of the Body' of the said Robert to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Bodies of such Son or Sons successively; and for Default of such Issue the Use of Sir Robert Cotton of Hatley St. George in the County of Cambridge Knight, for his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the Use of the first and every other Son and Sons of his Body to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Bodies of such Son and Sons issuing successively;

and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of Phillip Cotton of Conriington in the County of Cambridge, Esq;

264 C 31. Anno quinto Annje Reginae. A.D. 1706.

for his natural Life; and after his Decease, to, the Use of the first and every other Son and Sons of his Body to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Bodies of such Son and Sons issuing succesllvely; and for Default of such Issue, to the Use of Thomas Cotton of Cotton in the County Palatine of Chefer, Esq; for the Term of his natural Life; and after his Decease, to the Use of the first and every other the Son and Sons of his Body to be begotten, and the Heirs Males of the Bodies of such Son and Sons Hilling successively; and for Default of such litue, to the Use of the Right Heirs of the said Sir John Cotton for ever.

Lands, C when

VI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, fubeato future wen settled as aforesaid, hall never be subject or liable to any future Judgments, Statutes, reeogni judgments^&c. zances, or Encumbrances, nor hall ever be sold or aliened, forfeited or forfeitable by the said Sir John Cotton, or any other of the said Persons in Remainder, upon any Account or Pretence whatsoever

XXL

An act for the Encouraging the Discovery and Apprehending of housebreakers.

25 H, S. £* 3.

5 6 Ed, 6. C

9 f.

3 W, MC. 9.

WHEREAS the Crimes of Burglary and breaking open Houses in a felonious Manner, are of

late Years become more frequent than formerly, to the great Difquiec, Terror, and irnpove rishing of many of your majesty's good Subjects; which Crimes might be, in great Measure, prevented, if due Encouragement be given to such as shall vigorously endeavour the Discovery and apprehending of such Malefactors, and some severe Punishment inflicted on such as for.ll receive or buy ifolen Goods,

and harbour and protect the said Offenders For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the.queen's moult 'Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, Thai from and after the Apprehraders of tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, all and every Person and Persons who shall ap burglars, src.'to prebend and take any Person or Persons guilty of Burglary, or the felonious Breaking and Entering of any have401. over House in the daytime; and prosecute him, her, or them, so apprehended and taken, until he, she, or they he convicted of such Burglary or Felony, shall have and receive, over and above the Rewards given by one Act of Parliament made at Westminster, in the tenth and eleventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William of glorious Ademory, intituled, An Act for the better Apprehending., Preventing, end Punishing of Felons that commit Burglary, hov.js breaking, or Robbery in Shops, Warehouses, coach hovfs, or Stables, or that jiealhorfes, the Sum of forty pounds within one Month after such Conviction, to be paid by the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the County where such Felony or Burglary shall be made and done, without any Fee for the same, to the Person or Persons so taking, apprehending, and prosecuting the said Offenders, he and they rend ring a Certificate to the said Sheriff or Sheriffs, under the Hand or Hands of the judges_or Justices before whom such Felon shall be convicted for such Burglary or Felony, certifying

"'n'in what Parish the same was com

Person or Persons claiming the said

and above the Rewards by 30 & 11 W. 3 C 2.3.

payable by Sheriff.

Justices in case

tificate how Reward hall be paid.

te shall happen to arise between the Persons so apprehending any the said ldthtle to the said Reward, that then the said Judge or j ustices fore

the Conviction of such Felon for the said Offence or Offences, and mitted, and also that such Felon or Felons was or were taken by the Reward; and in case any Disput Felons, touching their Right an of Dispute todi spectively certifying as aforesaid, hall in and by their laid Certificate direct and appoint the said r eward rest in their Ccr 10 jje paid to and amongst the Parties claiming the same, in such Share and Proportions as to the said Judge or Justices shall seem just and reasonable; and if it shall happen that any such Sheriff or Sheriffs hall die or be removed before the Expiration of one Month after such Conviction, and demand made of the said Reward (not being, paid as aforesaid) that then the next succeeding Sheriff or Sheriffs shall pay the same within one Month after Demand, and Certificate brought as aforesaid; if Default of Payment of the said Sum or Sums of Money shall happen to be made by any Sheriff or Sheriffs, such Sheriff or Sheriffs so making Default shall forfeit to the Person or Persons to whom such Money is due as aforesaid, double the Sum or Sums of Money he or they ought to have paid, to be recovered by him or them, or his or their Executors or Administrators, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, Wherein but one Imparlance, and no Effcin, Protestien, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, with Treble Costs of Suit, by him or them expended in the Recovery of the same.

II. And be it further enacted, That in Case any Watchman, or any other Person or Persons shall happen to be killed by any such Burglar or home breaker, endeavouring to apprehend, or in making

Pursuit of House Pursuit after him or them, that then the Exmcutors or Administrators, or such Person or Persons to whom vutor r&c'senti f Administration of the Personal Estate of such Person so killed shall belong, upon Certificate

tied to the 40j.* delivered under the Hands and Seals of the Judge or Justices of Assize of the County where the Fact was by 3 Geo. X C committed, or the two next Justices of the Peace, of such Person or Persons being so killed, which Cer

15. L 4- tificate the said Judge or Justices, upon sufficient Proof before them made, are immediately required to

Sheriffs may ap give without Fee or Reward, shall receive the Sum of forty Pounds from the Sheriff or Sheriffs of the fury without" County where the fliid Fact was done and committed; and upon Failure of Payment thereof by the said charging this Sheriff or Sheriff's, double the Sum of forty Pounds to be recovered against them, with Treble Costs of Money in their Suit, in Manner and Form as aforesaid.

Accounts.

Yartbsr Fnrvijiem concerning swgla/y, j2 Ann. C 7. 4 Geo. I. e, sj. and 6 Geo. 1. c. 23.

Watchman or other killed in

Anno quinto Ann Regina?.

C 32. 265

III. And it is hereby further enacted, That all Sheriffs, their Executors, and Administrators, upon sheriffitosedua producing such respective Certificates, and the Receipts for the Money paid by them, in pursuance of this Moneys so paid on Act, Ural I be allowed, and are hereby empowered to aeduft, upon their Accounts, all Moneys, other than their Accounts, double the Sum and Sums of Money, and Treble Costs of Suit, which they shall disburse as "aforesaid;

that if upon Account of any sheriff"or Sheriffs, there shall not be Money sufficient in' the Hands of such Sheriff or Sheriffs to reimburse him or them such Moneys paid by him or them by virtue of this Act,

that then the Sheriff or Sheriffs having so paid the said Moneys, shall have the same repaid by the Lord and Prepaid by

Treasurer, or Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury for the Time being, out of the Revenue of the loi[i Treasurer.

Crown, upon Certificate from the Clerk of the Pipe to that Effect.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons being out of Prison, shall from and after fc)on<

the said tenth Day of May commit any Burglary or Felony as aforesaid, and afterwards tbfcover two or jreer'pj*' or more Persons who already have, or hereafter shall commit any such Burglaries or Felonies, so as two or juji onconvic more of the Persons discovered shall be convicted of such Burglary or Felony, any such Discoverer shall tion be intituled himself have the like Reward and Allowance of forty Pounds hereby promised to be paid to the Person or to Reward, Persons who shall apprehend and convict housebreakers, and all other Advantages given to such Taker and Prosecutor, and shall also be himself intituled to the gracious Pardon of her Majesty, her Heirs and and be pardoned, Successors, for all Burglaries, Robberies, and Felonies (except Murder and Treason] by him committed at any Time or Times before such Discovery made, which Pardon shall be likewise a good Bar to any Appeal brought for such Burglary, Robbery or Felony.

V. And forasmuch as the said Felons are much encouraged to commit such Burglaries and Felonies, Buyers or Re ' because a great Number of Persons make it a Trade to receive and buy of the said Felons the Goods qj,

so by them feloniously taken, and also do make it their Business to harbour and conceal the said Often acccitar.es C

ders after the said Fasts, knowing the said Felonies and Burglaries to have been by them committed Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall receive or buy any Goods or Chattels that shall be feloniously taken or stolen from any other Person, knowing the same to be stolen, or shall receive, harbour, or conceal any Burglars, Felons, or Thieves, knowing them to be so, shall be taken and received as Accessary or Accessaries to the said Felony or Felonies; and being of either of the said Offences legally convicted, by the Testimony of one or more credible Witnesses, shall suffer and incur the Pains of Death as a Felon convict.

VI. Provided always, That if any such principal Felon cannot be taken, so as to be prosecuted and if principalfe convictea for any such Offence, yet nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to prosecute and punish every Inn cannot be ti such Person and Persons buying or receiving any Goods stolen, by any such principal Felon, knowing

the same to be stolen, as for a Mifderneanor, to be punished by Fine and Imprisonment, or other such a mifdenkanor. corporal Punishment as the Court shall think fit to inflict, although the principal Felon be not before convict of the said Felony, which shall exempt the Offender from being punished as Accessary, if such principal Felon shall be afterwards taken and convicted.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judge or Justices judses'&c to

(before whom such Felons and housebreakers shall be convicted, as aforesaid) shall determine and rl6fht

settle the Right, Rights, and Shares of such respective Persons, who by virtue of this Act shall be persons arteo the intituled to the Certificate herein directed to be given, and shall also (being thereunto required) make Certificate, C out and deliver, or cause to be made out and delivered, the said Certificate without Fee or Reward to

such Person or Persons intituled thereunto, before the End of such Affixes or Sessions wherein such c011 viction, as aforesaid, shall be had.

VIII. And whereas the Offences mentioned in this Act are generally committed in London and Mid No Sheriff of dlesex, and the Rewards hereby granted being to be paid by the Under sheriffs of the said Counties, by diefex°to<take of" ' reason whereof they will be obliged to disburse great Sums of Money; ' Be it therefore enacted by the his Uhder shc authority aforesaid, That no Sheriff of London and Middlesex, shall accept, demand, take, or receive of rift' any Gratuity his or their Undersheriff, directly or indirectly, either by himself, or any Person or Persons in for his plac£of Trust for him or them, any Sum or Sums of Money, Gratuity, or Present whatsoever, for the Exe under sherlff' cution of the Place of Under sherish; nor in any Manner oblige his or their Undersheriff, by Conor me him venant, Promise, or otherwise to be at any Expense or Charge in Relation to the said Place of Under be at any Ex sheriff, which ought and hath been usually paid and disbursed by the High Sheriff; except the Re fence wards given by this or any other Act for the apprehending Highwaymen, Clippers, Coiners, and exceftlun' housebreakers, and the Fees of passing such High sheriff's accounts in the Exchequer, and such other Disbursements as hath been heretofore customarily sustained by the Undersheriff.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for the Continuance of the Laws for the Punishment of Vagrants, and for making

such Laws more effectual.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the late King 1, & Xz w. 5.

William, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Punishment of Vagrants, and sending them tvhi C is.

then by Law they ought to be fer.t, was continued by one other Act made in the first Year of "her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing former Acts for the exporting Leather, and for the Ease of 1 Anns, flat, s.

Jurors, and for making more effectual an Act relating to Vagrants, for the Space of three Years, from the 0, 13.

Expiration of the said first Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William, and from Yost. IV Mm ' thence

Anno quinto Ann, Reginae.

A.D. 1706.

39 El. C 17,

7 Jac. I. C 4. as for punish inent of Vagrants, C continaed for leven Years.

REP.

How Allowances and Expenses in pa sling of Vagrants shall be raised

by 17 Geo. 2. c. 5.

16, C

22 H: S, C 5.

3 Aunje, flat. 1, C 8.

Treasurers to obey Justices Orders.

If they have Money in their Hand.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to the Sessions,

thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas the said Acts have been found of good Use for lessening the Charge, and preventing the Abuses and Frauds in conveying of Vagrants, ' Be it enacted by the queen's mo ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Con

How Justices ftnll al in Liberties and t«wn$corpo

Farther Prcvi- Jam concerning Vagrants, 6 Geo. 1. c. 19. 14.

Geo. 2. c. 33.

17 Geo. 2. c. 5. a 5 Geo. 2. c. 3 6, ezi 26 Geo. 2.

each of them contained, relating to Vagrants, shall from henceforth continue and be in full Force, and be put in Practice and Execution, according to the true Intent thereof, from the Expiration of the said last mentioned Act, for the Space of seven Fears, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

II. And for the better raising of what Moneys sir all be found necessary to satisfy the Allowances made 1 to Con (tables, and others, for their Loss of Time, and Expenses in passing of Vagrants, in pursuance e of the Acts before mentioned, in as much as the Methods already provided for raising the same, have in many Places been found impracticablebeit further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where the Gaol and Marshalsea Money shall not be sufficient to satisfy and pay the said Allowances, the justices of Peace within the several Limits of their Commissions, shall in such Case, at any Time or Times hereafter, have full Power and Authority at their General or Quarter sessions of the Peace, to assess upon every Town, Parish, or Place within their respective Commissions, such Sum and Sums of Money, as. they in their Discretion shall think reasonable for Satisfaction of the Allowances made to Constables, and others, for their Loss of Time, and Expenses in passing of Vagrants, and that the Money so affected shall be levied and collected according to the Rules and Methods prescribed by an Act of Parliament now in Force, for the levying and collecting of Money for the Repair of County Bridges; and that the Moneys so levied and collected shall be disposed of in such Manner as the said justices, by their Order at such southeast ftons, shall in that Behalf direct and appoint.

III. And be it further enacted, That where there are two or more Treasurers for one and the same County, Riding. Liberty, or Division, the Treasurers thereof shall be and are hereby obliged to give Obedience to such Order or Orders as shall be made by the Justices of the Peace, in purfuajice or by virtue of this Act, at their first General Quarter sessions, to be held quarterly for every County, Riding, Liberty, or Division, for the Discharge of all such Sums as shall arise by or from the Conveyance of Vagrants through every such County, Riding, Liberty, or Division: That all such Charges be levied according to the customary Rate of Gaol or Bridge Money; and that no such Order or Orders shall take Place or be effectual, till such Time as the Treasurer or Treasurers to whom such Order or Orders shall come, have Money in their Hands sufficient for the Payment thereof.

IV. And whereas it is by Experience found, That the Constables Rates have sometimes been very un just and grievous to the Inhabitants of their respective Townships or Constableries Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall find him or themselves grieved by the Demands for Disbursments, which any the Constables, Headboroughs or Tythingmen throughout this Realm shall charge upon, or require of the Parishes or Towns unto which they or any of them shall or do belong, or by any Sefs, Tax, Rate, or other Act done by any of the said Constables, Headboroughs, or Tythingmen, or other Person whatsoever, which may any Ways concern or relate to any of the aforesaid Demands, it shall and may be lawful for such Person and Persons to appeal to the Justices at their next General Quarter sessions which shall be held for that County, in which any such Cause of Complaint shall arise, as often as there shall be any Occasion for Complaint, which Justices, or the greater Number of them, shall take Order therein, as to them shall seem meet, and the judgement of the Justices of such County, as aforesaid, at their Quarter sessions, shall conclude and bind all Parties.

V. And whereas some Doubts and Disputes have been made about the Privilege and Jurisdictions of Liberties and Towns Corporate, that lie and are within several Counties of this Realm, wherein the Justices of the Peace, and chief Magistrates of the said Liberties and Towns Corporate, do keep separate or distinct Quarter sessions of their own, and have separate Treasurers for their said Corporations and Liberties, or suchlike public Stocks, whether all such Liberties and Towns Corporate shall be taken and deemed as Counties at large, for the several Purposes and Provisions mentioned in the Acts intended to be continued by this Act: 'For the quieting and preventing all such Doubts and Disputes, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Justices of the Peace, chief Magistrates, trea ftirer, Constables, and other Officers residing in the said Liberties and Towns Corporate, shall in the certifying and conveying of Passengers, Vagabond Beggars, and other idle Persons, and raising and paying of Money, aft in such Liberties and Towns Corporate, as they were by the said Acts empowered and directed to do in Counties at large.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for obliging John Rice to account for Debentures granted to him in the last Session of

Parliament. P R.

CAP. XXXIV.

A.D. 1706.

C 34.. 267

Anno quinto anne Reginae;

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned, relating to the Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of Piracy.

'ITT WHEREAS the temporary Laws following, which by Experience have been found useful and beneficial, are expired or near expiring; therefore, for continuing the same, ' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That 13 & 14.car.2 an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Second, inti 12. for Relief tuled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, which was enabled to have Continuance oor c°n, u (except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) until the twenty 017 ear' ninth of May one thousand six hundred and sixty five, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament; which said Act, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second (except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted, 2. C 17. was enacted to be in force from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and so to continue for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; and by an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, the said 3*4. W.

Act (as to what therein related to the Settlement of the Poor) was enacted to be in force from the first C "

of March one thousand six hundred ninety one; but no Provision was thereby made for continuing diverse other Parts of the said Act; which said Act, for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, as to all Parts thereof not mentioned and continued in and by the said Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties (other than, and except what relates to the Corporations mentioned in the said Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, and thereby constituted) was, by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties, continued for the Space 4 & 5w. 3. of seven Years, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from C 24. thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which said Act afterwards, by an Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of King William, intituled, An Act for continuing several Laws therein men 11 & 11 w 3 tioned, was continued for seven Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hun shall be in force from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven ann^stat" (except what relates to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) for seven Years, f C $/ and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much of an Act made in the twenty 22 & 23 Car. 2. second and twenty-third Years of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent Frauds in the c-19- to prevent buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield and elsewhere, which relates to the preventing Butchers within the frj|ur!|m b^'ns Cities of London and Westminster, or ten Miles thereof, to buy fat Cattle, and fell the same again to any cattle contmu other Butcher, either alive or dead; as also so much as relates to the preventing fat Cattle bought in ed for 7 Years, Smithfield in one Market to be sold there again alive; which was expired, and was afterwards, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, enacted to be in force from the jic> 2- C. 7* four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, with a Proviso, that the said Act should not extend to sales men or Factors employed by Farmers or Feeders; and the said Acts were after continued by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of King William and Queen Mary for seven Years, from the thirteenth £ '

of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two; and by another Act made in the eleventh and twelfth xv&'t» w. 3. Years of King William, was continued for seven Years, from the twenty-ninth Day of September one C 13. thousand seven hundred, shall be continued, with all the Clauses and Provisoes therein mentioned ex except one cept one Clause which was afterwards repealed by an Act made in the twenty-fifth Year of the Reign Clause. of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for Repeal of a Clause in a former Act to prohibit Salefinen 25 Car. 2. C 4* from selling fat Cattle) for and during the Space ot seven Years, after the said twenty-fifth Day March one EXP* thousand seven hundred and seven: And whereas there is, notwithstanding the Provision of the aforesaid Act, a pernicious Practice, now in Use, for one Butcher to buy a greater Quantity of fat Cattle or Sheep than he can vend, unless by selling them again to other Butchers, which reduces the Number of Buyers in Smithfield, and may be a very great Inconvenience both to the Graziers and Housekeepers, by subjecting both the one and the other to such Price as they shall think fit to give or demand; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand From 2, sept seven hundred and seven, no Person using the Trade of a Butcher shall sell, or offer to sale, in any Mar, 0 gut. ketor elsewhere, either by himself or any Servant or Agent whatsoever, within the Cities of London and cher to fcu in Westminster, or within ten Miles thereof, to any Person or Persons exercising or using the Trade of a Market

Butcher, any fat Cattle or Sheep, either alive or dead, upon Pain to forfeit the Value of the Cattle, or of V mlies

each Sheep so sold or offered to Sale as aforesaid; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the queen's another°butcher Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in any sny fat Cattle or of her Majesty's Courts of Record, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Sheep, dead or protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance. alive, by 7

*Annas, C 6.

fine Batcher may sell to another dead Calves, C

Mm

III. u w. 3.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth C 7. for suppress Years of King William, intituled, An Act for the more effesual suppressing of Piracy, which was to be in tinuej acjj c°n" force fr seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, hall be and remain Made perpetualin^Force for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the naxt Sessions of Parliament. 6 Geo. ic. 19. Amended 18 Geo. 2. c. 30.'

Full Cods on

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Recovery of any Penalty or for naftyver> °" ^e'ture inoposed or given in and by this present Act, full Colls shall be allowed the Plaintiff.

Anno Regni annje Reginas sexto

the Record ' AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the twenty-third Day of October Anno Dorn.

is added, And by ' 1707, in the sixth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of

cominued tiir Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &c.'*

the first Day of April in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign.'

CAP. I.

EXP* An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service

of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

CAP. II.

An act for repealing and declaring the Determination of two Acts passed in the Parliament of Scotland, the one intituled, al for the Security of the Kingdom; the other, AS anent Peace and War.

'Two Scotch a€is repealed.

WHEREAS by the Third Act of the second Session of the aft Parliament held in Scotland, intituled, Aii for the Security of the Kingdom, diverse Provisions were made for such Purposes, and in such Manner as is therein contained; and whereas in the first Session of that Parliament one other Act passed, intituled, All anent Peace and War which said last mentioned Act, and also the first herein before mentioned Act, or the greatest Part thereof, are inconsistent with the Terms of the Articles of

Union, and upon the Union became void: To the end therefore that no Doubt may remain touching the Continuance of the Paid Acts, or either of them, or any Part thereof; may it please your most Excellent Majesty that it may be declared and enacted; and be it declared and enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the herein before mentioned Acts, and each of them, and every Part thereof, shall from henceforth be adjudged, deemed, nd taken to Hand and be absolutely repealed, and to cease and become void.

r

CAP. III.

An act for better securing the Duties of East India Goods.

9 & 10 W. J. C 44.

4 I. TS^THEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Ma 4 Vy jesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies; it was enacted, That no Company or particu

lar Person or Persons who should have a Right, in pursuance of the said Act, to trade to the East Indies,

or other the Parts within the Limits of the said Act mentioned, Should be allowed to trade thither, until sufficient Security, was first given (which the Commissioners of the Customs in England, or any three or more of them for the Time being, were thereby authorised and required to take, in the Name and to

the Use of his said late Majesty, his Heirs and Successors) That such Company or particular Persons

cause all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities, which at any Time or Times afterwards, during the Continuance of the said Act, should be laden by or for them, or any of them, or for their or any of their Accounts, in any Ship or Ships whatsoever bound from the East Indies, or Parts within the Limits mentioned in the said Act, should be brought (without breaking Bulk) to some Port of England or Wales, and there be unladen and put on Land (the Danger of the Seas, Enemies, Pirates, Restraints of Princes and Rulers, and Barratry of Seamen excepted :,) And whereas the said Act, and the Security to be given in pursuance thereof, have been by Experience found not to be sufficient to hinder and prevent the unlading or putting on Shore in diverse Places and Countries other than the Kingdom of Englandoc dominion.of Wales, great Quantities of Goods brought from the East Indies, or some Port or Places within the Limits mentioned in the said recited Act, to the great Loss of her Majesty's ' Customs, and the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom in general: And whereas some Difficulties have arisen touching the Acceptance of the Security directed by the said aftbeit enacted by the

Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the

Security

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginae. C 4, 5. 269

Security to be hereafter given in pursuance of the said at, shall be after the Rate of two thousand five 15001. Security hundred Pounds for every hundred Tun the Ships or Vessels shall be respectively let for, that shall be fentt0 be ?'vn for to the said East Indies, or other Parts within the Limits in the said Act mentioned, and so proportionally Tun" that ship for any lesser Part than an hundred Tuns; and that the English Company trading to the eaj Indies shall sent to .), e Ead for each Ship or Vessel which shall be sent out from Great Britain, and employed by them, or for their indies shall be Account, give Security as aforesaid, by their Common Seal; the Condition whereof shall be in the Form Iet for following, viz. Company to give

a such Security.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an at of Parliament made in the ninth Year of his late majesty's Form of the Reign, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum rot exceeding two attllions, upon a Fund for Payment oj Condition.

Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, the Ship whereof Captain is Master, of the Burden of Tonnes, is, under the Regulation of the said Adb, bound

out upon a Voyage to the eaj Indies, or other Parts within the Limits prescribed by the said ab, with ' a Cargo or Loading of Goods, upon Account of the above bound English Company trading to the East Indies: The Condition of this Obligation is such, That if all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities which shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this present intended Voyage, be laden by or for the said Company, or any of them, or for their, or any of their accounts in the said Ship, from the said East Indies, or Parts aforesaid, shall be, without breaking Bulk,

brought to some Port of Great Britain, and there be unladen and put on Land (the Danger of the Seas,

Enemies, Pirates, Constraint of Princes and Rulers, Barratry of Seamen, and necessary Provisions and Merchandizes for the People and Garrison of St. Helena, only for their own proper Con ' fumption excepted) then this Obligation shall be void, or else shall remain in full Force, Effefl, and Virtue.'

II. And that besides the several and respe<£bive Securities to be given by this or the said former ab All Goods shipt against breaking Bulk, all the Goods, Wares, Merchandizes, and Commodities which shall be loaden in in India, C to the East Indies, or other the Parts within the Limits mentioned in the said at, upon any Ship or Vessel laden in belonging to any of her Majesty's Subjects, with Intent to be transported out of and from the said eaj In necelra dies, or other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, the same shall be brought to some Port of Great Bri rjes for st.he tain, and there shall be unladen and put on Shore (necessary Provisions, Stores, and Merchandizes for lena, by 13 Geo. the People and Garrison of St. Helena, for their own proper Consumption only, excepted) and except ic. delivering also where the breaking of Bulk or landing of Goods in Breach of this or the said former at shall hap pen to be by the Danger of the Seas, Enemies, Pirates, Restraint of Princes or Rulers, or Barratry of not to bvde emei Seamen, on Pain of forfeiting all such Goods which contrary to this Act shall be landed elsewhere than breaking Bulk, in some Port of Great Britain, or the Value thereof, to be recovered, one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, p<.naity0bi.and her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who shall seize, inform,; ng elsewhere. or sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at ivejminjer, wherein no Essoin, Protec Farther pnmlji tion, or Wager of Law shall be allowed. cm relating to

ea{l India Company) 6 Ann, C 17. 10 Ann. C 28. 5 Geo. 1. c. 21. 7 Geo. 1. c. 5 £? 21.9 Geo. 1. c. 26, 3 Geo. 2. C4 £? 20, 12 Geo. 2. f. 22. j7 Geot 2, C 17. 27 Geo. 2. c. 9. I Geo. 3. c. 14. 4

CAP. IV.

An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of EXP

the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight.

CAP. V.

An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities charged on a Fund, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum; to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on Low Wines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the one third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Excise, and by making other Provision in this at mentioned.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; Whereas in and by an abos Parliament made in England in the Preamble reci fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, (entitled. An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tun ting the Annuity nage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and additional Duties of Excise, and Aa 4anns>

for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities to be sold Deficiencies on for r. ijing a further Supply io her majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other these Annuities Uses therein mentioned) the additional Subsidy oftunnage and poundage, and other Duties (commonly cal made goodbye led the one third Subfdy) payable for and upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, which were there xoanna, C 26. ' by granted to your Majesty for the Term of ninety-eight Years, from the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six; and the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders by the same at granted or continued from the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eight, until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the particular Rates and Duties a

Excise thereby granted for the Term of ninety five Years, from the seventeenth Day of May one thousand

p

Anno sexto Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1707.

Annuity Act, ijj. c.nx, C jp.

5 & 6 W. s*seven hundred and thirteen; and all the Moneys to arise by Virtue of an Act of the fifth Year of

£, 7- 4 the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of glorious Memory, of or for the Duties of Excise thereby granted, after paying off, or reserving sufficient to pay off the Lottery An 4 Anns, C 6. 4 nuities therein mentioned, together with other Moneys mentioned in the said Act of the fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, are appropriated and made liable to the Payment of certain Annuities, purchased thereupon, not exceeding one hundred eighty-four thousand two hundred forty-two Pounds and four, teen Shillings per Annum, for ninety-nine Years, from ladyday one thousand seven hundred and six, ' payable at the Receipt of the Exchequer; which Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other Funds or Provi irons charged by the said Act of the fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, with the Annuities last mentioned, will by f.ftimation produce annually a considerable Sum more than sufficient to discharge all those Annuities, and the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the same; and the Overplus Moneys thereof are since enacted to be justly and duly computed at the Feast of the Annunciation of the Blessed Virgin Mary ill every Year, or within six Days after: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in

England in the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties on Low

Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and Part of the Duties on fampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the late Duties on Sweets, and the one third Subsidy of Dunnage and Poundage, and for settling and efallishing a Fund thereby, and by the Application of certain Overplus Moneys, and otherwise, for Payment of Annuities to be sold, for raising a further Supply to; i her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, and other Uses therein expressed, certain Duties upon Low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, thereby granted and continued from the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, for the Term of ninety six Years from thence next ensuing, and certain Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and others therein described, and thereby continued for the like Term of Years; and such of the Du 4 ties upon stamped Vellum Parchment, and Paper, as are therein mentioned, and thereby granted and continued for the Term of ninety six Years, to commence from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the Duties upon Sweets thereby laid for the Term of ninety-nine Years, commencing from the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six; and the additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, 4. which are commonly called as aforesaid, the one third Subsidy, by the same Act granted, and continu ed for one whole Year, commencing from the Expiration of the ninety-eight Years granted therein by the said former AD; and all the Overplus Moneys of the Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other Funds 4 C otained in the said Act of the fourth Year of your majesty's Reign, after paying, or reserving suffici ent to pay so much as shall be incurred or grown due upon the said Annuities by Virtue of that Act, at or before every Feast of the Annunciation of the Bieiled Virgin Mary respectively, the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the same Annuities purchased thereupon being excepted, are ap proprjated and made liable to the Payment of certain Annuities purchased upon the said Act of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of seventy two thousand one hundred eighty seven Pounds ten Shillings per Annum, for ninety-nine Years, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven, payable at the said Receipt of the Exchequer; and for the better securing the quarterly Payments which should grow due at or before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and ten, upon the said Annuities, not exceeding seventy two thousand one hundred eighty seven Pounds ten Shillings per Annum, diverse other temporary Provisions are made in the said Act of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign; and thereby it is also provided. That if at the End of any Year of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, for which the said Annuities upon the said Act of the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign were to be purchased (the first Computation to be made at ladyday one thousand seven hundred and eight, or within six Days after) the Moneys atifing at the Exchequer within such Year by the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies, Overplus Moneys, and other Moneys thereby appropriated for Payment of the said Annuities, pursuant to that Act, shall exceed all the Mo 4 nies then due for or upon the same Annuities, and all Arrearages thereof, then or at any Time or Times before that Time incurred, so that there shall be an Excess or Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, such Excess or Surplus shall be dispofabie from Time to Time for the public Use and Service, and not otherwise; And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in England in the fourth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of glorious Memory, (entitled, An Act for 1 4 granting to their Majesties certain Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompences and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds toivaras carrying on the jvar agatnjl France) certain other Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors therein particularly expressed, were granted to to their said late Majesties, their Heirs and Successors, for the Term of ninety-nine Years, from the five and twentieth Day of January one thousand six hundred and ninety-two, and are by that and by several other Acts relating thereunto, made liable to the Payment of several Annuities, with Benefit of Survivorship, and other Annuities charged thereupon; which Rates and Duties of Excise last menti oned, do also produce annually a considerable Sum more than sufficient to discharge ail those Annuities so charged thereupon, and the necessary Charges of paying and accounting for the lame; and the Over plus Moneys thereby arising have been and are to be computed on the four and twentieth Day of June j Anns, C 19. C yearly, and are comprehended amongst the temporary Provisions made in the said Act of the fifth Year qt your majesty's Reign, for better securing the quarterly Payments of the said Annuities, not exceeding seventy two thousand one hundred eighty seven Pounds ten Shillings per Annum, which should grow due At or before the feast of St, Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand

Anne. 6,

*;, ana2e, c. 19

Annuity Act,

& 5 W. & M, 3*

A.D.

1707.

Anno sexto Anfde Regina.

27

to bs

thousand seven hundred and ten, from which Time the Overplus Moneys of the Rates and Duties of Excise last mentioned do belong to her Majesty for the public ljfe and Service Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament alt embled, being desirous to raise a Sum of Money not exceeding six hundred and forty thousand Pounds, that is to say, a Sum 6400001 not exceeding five hundred and forty thousand Pounds, Part of the Money necessary to be provided in V iiied, this Session of Parliament for your majesty's Supply, and a Sum not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds to be applied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, towards making good the Payment of the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the authority of the same, That from and after the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Maty, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, for and during the full Term of ninety-nine Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, the full Sum of forty thou 400001. per An sand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain by the Year, or so much thereof as shall be suffi num to be ap cient for paying and discharging all the Annuities to be purchased upon this present Act, shall be set ^vovannuf" apart and appropriated, and the same is by this Act appropriated for the Payment and Satisfaction of -, year the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act, in such Manner and Form as are herein after prescribed from Lady Day in that Behalf. 1708.

II. And for the better raising, securing, and establishing of the said Fund, it is hereby enacted by the To be charged Authority aforesaid, That the said Fund, or Sum not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, shall »p°n thcover be charged upon and payable out of all the Overplus or Surplus Moneys of the said Rates, Duties, sub' fidies, and other Funds settled for Payment of the said several Annuities purchased upon the said several 1 e nnuuie' Acts of the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign respectively, which shall from time to time re Anna;, C 6. main, after satisfying, or reserving in the Exchequer sufficient to satisfy so much as shall be incurred, or 5 Annas C 19,

frown due upon those Annuities, and every of them, and which, by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, were left to be disposed from time to time for the public Use and Service, as aforesaid; shall also be charged upon, and payable out of all the Overplus Moneys which shall arise after and the Overplus; the thirtieth Day of Septernber one thousand seven hundred and ten, of or for the said Rates and Duties of the Excise of Excise granted in the said fourth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and AT 4 & 5 Queen Mary, and which from time to time, during the then Remainder of the said Term of ninety & 3' nine Years therein granted, shall remain, after payment and Satisfaction of all the Annuities charged thereupon by the said Act of the fourth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, or by any other Act or'

Acts of Parliament before this Time made for charging any Annuities whatsoever upon the Rates and Duties of Excise last mentioned; and the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Com Treasury to Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby directed from time to time, during the Con pute the Over' tinuance of the said Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other Funds settled by the said several Annuity Acts of Plas the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign, as aforesaid, and every or any of them, to cause all the said Overplus Moneys of the same Subsidies, Rates, Duties, and other Funds contained in the said several Annuity Acts of the said fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign, to be justly and duly computed at the Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary in every Year, or within six Days after.; and during the Continuance of the said Rates and Duties of Excise granted by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, to cause all the said Overplus Moneys of the same Rates and Duties of Excise to be justly and duly computed on the four and twentieth Day of June yearly; and to cause all the Overplus Moneys which shall appear upon such several and respective Computations as aforesaid, from time to Time, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient, to be set apart, reserved, and applied for and towards the making good the said Fund or Sum and apply it for not exceeding lorty thousand Pounds per Annum, hereby intended and appointed to be settled and' efta making good this blished for the Payment of all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, without diverting or mifap Fund, C plying any of the Moneys which by the said former Acts, or any of them, ought upon every such Computation to have been reserved for Payment of any the Annuities formerly purchased, as aforesaid, if this present Act had not been made. '

III. And for the better securing the quarterly Payments which shall grow due on or before Michaelmas roo.ooool. re one thousand seven hundred and ten, upon the Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, be it sewed to make enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the Contri e°od thequaiter bution moneys to be raised by sale of Annuities upon this Act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient 5

to make good the said yearly Fund, not exceeding forty thousand Sounds per Annum for the first two 1710.^Years and an Half of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, shall and may be reserved and applied for and towards the discharging the quarterly Payments last mentioned, to grow due at any Time or Times before the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten.

IV. And to the end there may be no Failure in the Payment of such Annuities, or any of them, as shall be purchased upon this Act at any Time or Times until the full Expiration of the Term of ninety-nine Years, for which the same are intended to be purchased, we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have cheerfully and unanimousty given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty the Duties upon Low Wines, or spirits of the first Extraction, and the Duties to be paid by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and the Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and the Duty upon Sweets, and the particular Rates and Duties upon Excise hereafter in this Act expressed, for and during such further Term and Terms of years respectively as are herein after mentioned; and do 3 mofb

Duties on Low Wines, Stc.

5 Anna?, C 19.

on Hawkers, Pedlars, C

9 & 10 W. 3. C 27.

5 Annae, C 19.

Stamp Duties,

and the one third Subsidy,

5 Anna?, C 19.

further continued for one Year more after the Expiration of their respective Terms.

Sweets continued for 2 Years longer.

Excise at,

4 & 5 W. & M. C 3. continued for 15 Years longer.

Former Powers continued.

5 Anna?, C 19.

overplusmonies, C appropriated for Payment of the 40, 0001, per Annum,

4 & 5 W. St M. C 3*

C 5. Anno sexto anne Reginae. A.D. 1707.

most humbly beseech your Majesty to accept thereof, and that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such or the like Duties for and upon all Low Wines, or Spirits of the Extraction, as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign were continued or granted for the Term of ninety six Years abovementioned, shall by virtue of this Act be further continued, and be paid and payable unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Low Wines, and Spiri s of the first Extraction, to be made or drawn by any Distiller, or other Person making or drawing' Spirits or Strong Waters for Sale or Exportation, within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from or after the Expiration of the said Term of ninety six Years, for and during the Term of one whole Year from thefice next and immediately ensuing: that all and every such and the like Duties and Sums of Money to be paid by every Hawker, Pedlar, Petty Chapman, and such other Persons as are described in one Aff of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, and all the Powers for granting such Licences, which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign are to continue for the like Term of ninety six Years, from the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable, and he put in Execution by virtue of this Act within the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the Expiration of the said Term of ninety six Years, during the Term of one whole Year from thence next and immediately ensuing: And that such of the Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign were continued for the Term of ninety six Years from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall by virtue of this Act be further continued, and be due and payable to her Majesty, her Pleirs and Successors, within and throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the Expiration of the Term of ninety six Years last mentitined, for and during the Term of one whole Year from thence next and immediately ensuing: that the additional Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, commonly called, the one third Subsidy, which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, are granted and continued for the Term of one whole Year from the Expiration of a Term of ninety-eight Years, which commenced from the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, shall by virtue of this Act be further continued, and be due and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, within and throughout the whole united Kingdom of Great Britain, from the Expiration of the said Term of one Year so granted and commencing as aforesaid, for and during the further Term of one whole Year fron thence next ard immediately ensuing: And that the Duty upon. Sweets made for Sale, which by the said act in the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, was granted for the Term of ninety-nine Years, commencing from the twenty-fourth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, shall, by virtue of this Act, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Pleirs and Successors, within and throughout the united Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the Expiration of the Term of ninety-nine Years lad mentioned, for and during the further Term of two Years from thence next and immediately ensuing.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties of Excise upon, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, which by the said Act of the fourth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, of glorious Memory, wee granted for the Term of ninety-nine Years, from the twenty-fifth Day of January one thousand six hundred ninety-two, shall, by virtue of this Act, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, within and throughout the whole united Kingdom of Great Britain, from and after the expiration.of the Term of ninety-nine Years last mentioned, for and during the further Term of fifteen Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed.

VI. And it is hereby enacted, That the said several Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; the said Duties payable by Hawkers, Pedlars, Petty Chapmen, and others described as aforesaid; and the said Rates and Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and the said additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, by this Act severally granted for a further Term of one Year as aforesaid; the said Duty upon Sweets by this Act granted for a further Ter m of two Years as aforesaid; the said Rates and Duties of Excise by this Act granted for a further Term of fifteen Years as aforesaid, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, be severally and respectively raised and levied by such Rules and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, -, and subject to such Power of Mitigation, and such respective Drawbacks, Allowances, and Repayments, and in such Manner and Form as the like Duties granted or continued by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or any of them respectively, are prescribed, en acted, or appointed to be raised or levied.

VII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the said Overplus Moneys of the said Rates, Duties, Subsidies, and other Funds settled for Payment of the said several Annuities purchased upon the said several Acts of the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign respectively; the said Overplus Moneys of the said Rates and Duties of Excise which were granted in the fourth Year of their said late majesty's Reign as aforesaid; the said Sum not exceeding one hundred thousand Pounds, directe'd to be reserved out of the contribution moneys as aforesaid; the several Grants made by this Act of the said Duties upon Low Wines, or Spirits of the first Extraction; of the said Duties to be paid by Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen; and of the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and of t e said additional Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage severally, for the further Term of one Year as aforesaid; of the said Duties upon Sweets for two Years as aforesaid; of the said particular Rates and Duties of Excise for the Term of fifteen Years as aforesaid; so much of the said several Overplus Mo,

nies.

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginae. C 5. 273

nies, reserved Moneys, Rates, additional Subsidy, and other Duties, as shall be sufficient for making up

the said Fund, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, for answering the full and due Payment

of all the Annuities to be purchased on this al, and all Arrearages thereof from time to time incurred,

are, and shall be by virtue of this Add, liable and appropriated thereunto, and shall not be diverted or divertible

to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities

in this Act expressed; all the Moneys arising by the said Overpluses, Grants, and Provisions hereby

made, out of which the said Fund, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds per Annum, is to be raised, shall be fairly and duly entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the lnd°, je entered

Receipt and Clerk of the Pells for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned at all seasonable Times '?a ook, r

shall have free Access without Fee or Charge. - urpo'c'

VIII. And for the raising any Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of Any p«f°n may six hundred and forty thousand Pounds, for such Uses as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by the j5ndu6 'a°°°1 authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or So Annuities atsi6 reigners. Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's Years Purchase. for her Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times in this al limited in

that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of six hundred and forty thousand Pounds, for purchasing any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the full Term of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the five and tv/entieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, at the Rate of sixteen Years Purchase, which Rate doth amount to the Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds for every such Annuity of ten Pounds per Annum, and proportionably for any greater Annuity; and the same Rate, or consideration money, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt at or before the respective Days and Times herein after mentioned; that is to say, One fourth Part thereof on or before the six and twentieth Day of March in the Times of Pay year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the m2"1 six and twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the six and twentieth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the five and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight: All which Annui Annuities not to ties so to be purchased, shall not exceed in the whole the said Sum of forty thousand Pounds per Annum; exceed 40, 0001. and shall be paid and payable at the four most usual Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to [er Ann. and 10 say, The Feasts of the Nativity of Saint John Baptist, Saint Michael the Archangel, the Birth of our Lord bel al ijuarter Christ, and the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, by even and equal Portions, the first Payment thereof to be due at the Feast of the Nativity of Saint John the Baptist, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight.

IX. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Contributors Pells in the Exchequer severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall nai "ea to be cn' be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said tre'C Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this at, and also the Sums so paid, and the Times

when the same are respectively paid: To which Book it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators and Assigns, from time to time, and all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities whatsoever, The 40, 0001. which shall be purchased upon or in pursuance of this present Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, charged with the and shall be paid and payable from time to time out of the said Fund or Sum not exceeding forty thou raid Annuities, sand Pounds per Annum, by this Act intended and appointed to be established, as aforesaid; the said yearly Fund or Sum of forty thousand Pounds per Annum, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient to satisfy and discharge all the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, and all the Arrearages thereof, at any Time due or owing, are and shall be, by virtue of this Act, appropriated, and applied to and for satisfying and discharging of the same Annuities, and such Arrearages thereof accordingly, and shall be issued, disposed, and applied to that Use, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities in this Act expressed; anything herein contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, That if at the End of any Year of the said Term of ninety-nine Years, Surplus to be ap for which the said Annuities upon this Act are to be purchased, the first Computation to be made at the p*j.'d to Public Feast of the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary one thousand seven hundred and nine, or within six Days after, the Moneys arising at the Exchequer within such Year, which by this Act are chargeable hereto" to malte good the said yearly fund, not exceeding forty thousand Pounds (excepting such Part of, Geo. i.stat. '2. the said contribution money, as is to be reserved for making good the future quarterly Payments, C 12. §. 7. until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, as aforesaid) shall exceed all the Moneys which at every such Feast Day shall be due for or upon the same Annuities, and all Arrearages thereof, then or at any Time or Times before that Time incurred, so that there shall be an Excels or Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, such Excess or Surplus shall be disposable from time to time for the public Use and Service, and not otherwise; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Con emuled to" e tributors upon this at, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or Annuities ice?

( Part of thi fe

Annuities were subscribed into South Sea Stock pursuant to 6 Anns?, C 4, '

274 C 5. Anno sexto Anna: Regime. A.D. 1707.

before the respective Days or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled by virtue of this Act, 'to have, receive and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased our of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for the Payment thereof, during the said whole Term of ninety-nine Years, to be purchased therein, as is abovementioned; and that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shalt have good and sure Estates and Interests in the several Annuities so by them to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act and every of them, during the Term tax free. aforesaid, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

And have Tal

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act, hes andorders for any Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, upon niem Pay pay 1710* of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, at the Rate aforesaid, or any Part or Pro'1 C ' portion thereof, within the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have one or more Tally or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of so much consideration money as shall be so paid; and upon Payment of all the purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, shall have an Order for paying of the said Annuity and Annuities, for and during the said Term of ninety-nine Years, to be purchased therein, which Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and after the signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any commifii oner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them, or any of them, nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed, as aforesaid, or any of them.

5 percent, for

XIV. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay. forthwith into the Prompt Pay Receipt of the Exchequer the hums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act, it is provided mente ore z anc enatq.ecj by though Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, all or any Part of the purchase money payable for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, before the said six and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the prompt Payment of the Money so advanced, from the Time of the actual advancing and paying the same, until the said six and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Contributor or Contributors, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of his, her, or their Term, Estate, or Interest of and in any Annuity to be purchased. upon this Act, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, or under the Common Seal of a Corporation, or by his, her, or their last Will in Writing, to assign, or devise such Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so teties quoties, and no such Alignment to be revokable, so as an Entry, or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will be made in Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the Space of three Months after such Assignment, or Death of the Devisor; and that upon producing such Assignment, or Will, or Probat thereof, in the said Office of Receipt to be entered, as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same shall bring therewith an Affidavit taken before one or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of the said Assignment or Will, which Affidavit shall be severally filed in the said Office; which said Entry or Memorandum the proper Officers in the said Receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits; and in Default of such Assignment or Devise by Deed or Will, the Interest of such Contributor shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators.

Guardian may

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, ha advance 160 1. ving the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, for the Use and for Benefit of Benefit of such Infant, to advance and pay the Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds of the Money of Infant. such Infant, to purchase an Annuity upon this Act, for the Benefit of such Infant; and the said

Guardian or Trustee, as to the said Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds so advanced, is hereby. discharged.

Officers at the

XVII. And be it further enacted, for the better Encouragement of Persons to advance the Moneys on

Exchequer to this^ft, ft hat all Receipts and Issues, and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in take no Fee, C the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity, or Reward for the same; and in case any of the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or rnifapply any of the Moneys of the said Fund, Duties, or Moneys hereby appropriated, or any Part thereof, which should make good the Payment of the said Annuities, or shall pay, or issue out the same otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books or Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform all Penalty. other Things which by this Act they are required to perform, every such Officer shall forfeit his Office.

and

March 1708.

Annuities assignable, Sec,

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annje Regina. C 6. 275

and be for ever incapable of any Office or Place of Trust, and hall answer and pay Treble Damages to every Contributor or Person who hall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill,

Plaint, or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin,

Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, Order of Restraint, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed; and in the said action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have full Colts, one third of which Sum to be recovered for Damages, hall be to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts with the Colts hall be to the Use of the Prosecutor; In case there shall be any Collusion or Feint Prosecution between the Plaintiff and Defendant in such action, it hall be lawful for any' other Contributor, his or her Executors, administrators or Assigns, to "bring another action, wherein he or he hall recover, as aforesaid, to the like Uses, as aforesaid.

XVIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever hall or may Purchase or obtain, or No purchase un be admitted to purchase or obtain any Annuity whatsoever upon this act, unless the whole or one fourthlel? northeast so "rlh K at least of the consideration money for the lame, at such Rate, as aforesaid, be advanced and paid into^t'ogy26r', arth the said Receipt of Exchequer, on or before the said six and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight.

XIX. Provided also, That in Case any such Contributor, as aforesaid, who hall on or before the said Contributor pay six and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, have advanced one fourth Part ins one f'urth '" of his or their purchase money, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns,

do not advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, one other fourth Part of his or her Confi fdttwhatis p°id. dsration money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, on or before the said six and twentieth Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; and the other fourth Part thereof, on or before the said six and twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eight; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the said five and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; then and in every such Case respectively no Order hall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity, for which the consideration money hall not be fully paid, as aforesaid, but so much of the consideration money as hall have been actually paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited to her Majesty, her Heirs, 'and Successors, and be applied, together with other the Mollies to be raised by this act, for such public Services, as aforesaid; thing in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the trea trea('ury may surer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, rewar<1 takers, out of the Overplus of the Revenues hereby appropriated for making good the said Fund, not exceeding

forty thousand Pounds per Annum, which shall arise over and above so much as hall be sufficient to make up the said yearly Fund for discharging all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, to reward the Officers, Clerks, and others to be employed in the Payment of the said Annuities, or the Accounts thereof, for their Labour, Pains, Charges, and Service therein respectively, and to defray all other the necessary Charges incident to the Payment of the said Annuities, as to the said Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall seem meet and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas there are admitted in the Exchequer many Subscriptions for Annuities to Subscriptionj ad this Act before the same has had the Royal Assent, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority afore mitted before the said. That all Subscriptions made or taken, or which hall be made and taken, before the Royal Assent r°lal Assent' given to this Act, shall be, and are hereby declared to be null and void.

CAP. VI.

An Act for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more entire and complete.

I. IT H E P, E A S by her Majesty's great Wisdom and Goodntfs the Union of the two Kingdoms s /hn, C $.

W hath been happily effected, and the whole Island is thereby subject to one Sovereignty, and presented by one parliamentto the end therefore that the said Union may be rendered more complete and entire, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, that from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand From i May seven hundred and eight, the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, hall have but one Privy Coun7°8 theqoeen cil in or for the Kingdom of Great Britain, to be sworn to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, as So "oundhn vereig.ns of Great Britain; and such Privy Council shall have the same Powers and Authorities as the Great Britain. Privy Council of England lawfully had, used, and exercised at the Time of the Union, and none other.

II. And to the End the public Peace may be in like Manner preserved throughout the whole United Justices of Peace Kingdom; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in every Shire and Stewartry within everppshi trat Part of Great Britain called Scotland and also in such Cities, Boroughs, Liberties, and Precincts srewart/y ' within Scotland, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors shall think fit, there shall be appointed by her of Scotland. Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, a sufficient Number of good and explained as to lawful Men to be Justices of the Peace within their respective Shires, stewarf.ries, Cities, Boroughs, Liber Dittaysand Sorties, or Precincts; Persons so appointed, over and above the several Powers and Authorities veiled tenus r°lls> by in Justices of the Peace by the Laws of Scotland, shall be further authorised to do, use and exercise over An: ejc', 6>

N n 2 alli 3"

276 C 7.

Anno sexto anne Regince.

A.D. 170-

Proviso,

Not to alter the Privileges of Edinburgh, C

Circuit Courrs to be kept twice a Year.

In what Manner the 45 Representatives of

all Persons within their several Bounds, whatever doth appertain to the Office and Trust of a Justice of Peace, by Virtue of the Laws and Adds of Parliament made in England before the Union, in Relation to and for the Preservation of the public Peace. Provided nevertheless, That in the Sessions of the Peace the Methods of Trial and Judgments shall be according to Laws and Customs of Scotland.

III. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to alter or infringe any Rights, Liberties, or Privileges heretofore granted to the City of Edinburgh, or to any other Royal Borough, of being Justices of Peace within their respective Bounds.

IV. And whereas by an Act made in Scotland in the Third Session of the second Parliament of the late King Charles the Second, intituled An al concerning the Regulation of the Judicaturies, several good and wholesome Provisions were made concerning the Justice Court, and amongst others it was thereby enacted, That once a Year Circuit Courts should be kept at the Time and Places in the said Act mentioned Now for the better and speedier Administration of Justice, and further Preservation of the public Peace in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the future, twice in the Year, that is to say, in the Months of April or My, and in the Month of October, Circuit Courts shall be kept in the several Places in the said Act mentioned, and in Manner and Form as in the said Act contained.

V. And for the more uniform and express Method of electing and returning Members of Parliament, be it likewise further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Parliament shall at any Time hereafter be summoned or called, the fortyfive Representatives of Scotland in the House of Commons of

1, 0 the Parliament of Great Britain, shall be elected and chosen by Authority of the queen's Writs under the Great Seal of Great Britain, directed to the several Sheriffs and Stewarts of the respective Shires and Stewartries; and the said several Sheriffs and Stewarts shall, on Receipt of such Writs, forthwith give Notice of the Time of Election for the Knights or Commissioners for their respective Shires or Stewartries, and at such Time of Election the several Freeholders in the respective Shires and Stewartries shall meet and convene at the Head Burghs of their several Shires and Stewartries, and proceed to the Election of their respective Commissioners or Knights for the Shire or Stewartry; and the Clerks of the said Meetings, immediately after the said Elections are over, shall respectively return the Names of the Persons elected to the Sheriff or Stewart of the Shire or Stewartry, who shall annex it to his Writ, and return it with the same into the Court out of which the Writ issued: as to the Manner of Election of the fifteen Representatives of the Royal Boroughs, the Sheriff of the Shire ofedinburgh shall, on the Receipt of the Writ directed to him, forthwith dtreft his Precept to the Lord Provost of Edinburgh, to cause a burr gefs to be elected for that City; and on Receipt of such Precept, the City of Edinburgh shall elect their Member, and their common Clerk shall certify his Name to the Sheriff of Edinburgh, who shall annex it to his Writ, and return it with the same into the Court from whence the Writ issued: as to the other Royal Burghs, divided into fourteen Classes or Districts, the Sheriffs or Stewarts of the several Shires and Stewartries, shall on the Receipt of their several Writs, forthwith direct their several Precepts to every Royal Borough within their respective Shires or Stewartries, reciting therein the Contents of the Writ, and the Date thereof, and commanding them forthwith to elect each of them a Commissioner as they used formerly to elect Commissioners to the Parliament of Scotland, and to order the said respective Commissioners to meet at the prehding Borough of their respective District (naming the said presiding Borough) upon the thirtieth Day after the Day of the Teste of the Writ, unless it be upon the lord's Day, commonly called Sunday, and then the next Day after, and then to choose their Burgess for the Parliament; and the common Clerk of the then presiding Borough shall immediately after the Election, return the Name of the Person so elected to the Sheriff or Stewart of the Shire or Stewartry wherein such presiding Borough is, who shall annex it to his Writ, and return it with the same into the Court from whence the Writ issued; in case a Vacancy hall happen in Time of Parliament, by the Decease or legal Incapacity of any Member, anew Member shall be elected in his Room, conformable to the Method herein before appointed; and in case such Vacancy be of a Representative for any one of the said fourteen Classes or Districts of the said Royal Boroughs, that Borough which presided at the Election of the deceased or disabled Member, hall be the presiding Borough at such new Election.

VI. Provided always, That upon the issuing of Writs of Summons for the electing of a Parliament, if any Shire or Stewartry wherein a Royal Borough is, hath not then a Turn or Right to elect a Commissioner, or Knight of the Shire or Stewartry for that Parliament, that then it hall be omitted out of the Writ directed to such Sheriff or Stewart, to cause a Knight, Commissioner for that Shire or Stewartry, to be eiefted for that Parliament.

CAP. VII.

An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line.

Whereas by the happy Union of England and Scotland, it is become necessary to make divers Alterations in Relation to an Act passed in the Parliament of England, in the fourth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, whom God long preserve, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, and to extend the Provsions of the said Act through the whole United Kingdom, for the better security of our most gracious Sovereign's Person and Government, and of the Succession to the Crown of Great Britain in the Protestant Line, as it is now by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm settled and appointed;

Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice

How Vacancies happening in Time of Parliament shall be supplied.

Shire or Stewartry, C not having a Turn to e'ect, to be omitted out of the Writ, C See 6 Ann, C 6. & i Geo. L ft, 2, C 54./, 15.

A.D. 1707. Anno fexfo aunt C 7. 277

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the C o. rnons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if an, Person or i rfons shall maliciously, advisedly, personss who by and directly, by Writing or Printing, maintain and affirm, That our Soverei n Lady the Queen that now Writing, cis, is not the lawful and rightful Queen of these Realms, or that the pretended Prince of Wales, who now iccdair, he, files himself Kin of Great Britain, or King of England, by the Name or James tyre Third, or King of Le lawful' Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, hath any Right or Title to the Crown of these Realms, or c^ijor that that any other Person or Persons hath or have any Right or Title to the far. e, otherwise than according to uf i ro^nded an Act of parliament made in England in the first Year of the Reign of theii late R i j jellies King William Pm of wales and Queen ivjary, of ever blessed and glorious Memory, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and liber ties of the Subject, and settling the Successon of the Crown; and one other Act made in England in the twelfth £ctne '"row' Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further, & a.

Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; the Adds lately made C z. in England and Scotland mutually for the Union of the two Kingdoms, or that the Kings or Queens of u*>2 W, 3. this Realm, with and by the Authority of Parliament, are not able to make Laws and Statutes of suffici C' Force and Validity to limit and bind the Crown, and the Descent, Limitation, Inheritance, and Government thereof; every such Person or Persons hall be guilty of High Treason, and being thereof law Guikv of High fully convicted, hall be adjudged Traitors, and shall suffer Pains of Death, and all lodes and Forfeitures T, eafon' as in Cases of High Treason.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall maliciously Preachers, C and direddly, by Preaching, Teaching, or advised speaking, declare, maintain, and affirm, That our So who shall declare vereign Lady the Queen that now is, is not the lawful or rightful Queen, of these Realms, or that the aten nt\o be pretended Prince of I Gales, who now styles himself King of Great Britain, or King of England, by the ll. f^queen Name of James the Third, or King of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, hath any Right or Title to the Crown of these Realms, or that any other Person or Persons hath or have any Right or Title co the same, otherwise than according to an Act of Parliament made in England in the first fear of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights lw MT. and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Successon of the Crown; and one other Act made in England, in CL z' the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the n & 12 W. 3. further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject; and the Acts <= lately made in England and Scotland mutually for the Union of the two Kingdoms; or that the Kings or Queens of this Realm, with and by the Authority of Parliament, are not able to make Laws and Statutes of sufficient Force and Validity to limit and bind the Crown, and the Descent, Limitation, Inheritance, To incur the p.s. and Government thereof; every such Person or Persons shall incur the Danger and Penalty of Praemunire nalty offr* mentioned in the Statute of Praemunire made in England in the sixteenth Year of the Reign of King Ri mu"lrc chard the Second. _ _ _* i6r.2. c. 5.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be prosecuted No Prosecution by Virtue of this Act for any Words spoken, unless the Information of such Words be given upon Oath uniefsinformal to one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace within three Days after such Words spoken, and the Pro tlon he wichio fecution of such Offence be within three Months after such Information; and that no Person shall be t Days after convicted by Virtue of this Act for any such Words spoken, but by the Oaths of two credible Witnesses. ords f0ice"'

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Parliament, or any other Parliament nut Parliament which shall hereafter be summoned and called by her Majesty Queen' anne, her Heirs or Sue to bed ilbleedby cessors, shall not be determined or dissolved by the Death or Demise of her said Majesty, her Heirs or Queen's Death. Successors, but such Parliament shall, and is hereby enacted to continue, and is hereby empowered and

required, if sitting at the Time of such Demise, immediately to proceed to act, notwithstanding such Death or Demise, for and during the Term of six Months, and no longer, unless the same be sooner pro jjut continue fa rogued or dissolved by such Person to whom the Crown of this Realm of Great Britain final] come, remain 6 Months after, and be, according to the Acts for limiting and settling the Succession, and for the Union abovementioned; and if the said Parliament shall be prorogued, then it shall meet and sit on and upon the Day unto which it shall be prorogued, and continue for the Residue of the said Time of six Months, unless sooner prorogued or dissolved as aforesaid.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if there be a Parliament in Being, at the Time of the Death of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, but the same happens to be separated by Adjournment or Prorogation, such Parliament shall immediately after such Demise meet, convene and sit, and shall act, notwithstanding such Death or Demise, for and during the Time of Six Months, and no longer, unless the same shall be sooner prorogued or dissolved as aforesaid.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case there is no Parliament in Be i, care there be ing at the Time of such Demise that hath met and sat, then the last preceding Parliament shall imrnedi no Parliament, ately convene, and sit at Westminster, and be a Parliament to continue as aforesaid. all Intents and then the lait pie purposes, as if the same Parliament had never been dissolved, but subject to be prorogued and dissolved cedlne "mai as aforesaid.

VII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in this Act contained hall extend, or Notto abrid, be construed to extend to alter or abridge the Power of the Queen, her Heirs or Successors, to prorogue Queen's p.'vf« or dissolve Parliaments, nor to repeal, or make void one Act of Parliament made in England in the sixth to orot ueo: Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled', An Act for ditolve ratiu the frequent Meeting and Calling of Parliaments; but that the said Act shall continue in Force in every 'RA3 > Thing that is not contrary to, or inconsistent with the Diiediion of this Act; and the said Act for the frey & C L

quest

278 C 7.

Anno sexto Anna: Regina:

A.D. 1707.

To extend to the Parliament of Great Britain.

Privy Council not to be dissolved bvqueen's Death.

Nor the Places of the great Officers.

Nor any Offices Civil or Military.

But continue for 6 Months.

Great Seal, to be used.

On queen's Death, Privy Council to cause the next prote flaot Successor to be proclaimed;

on Pain of High Treafoa.

In case Successor be out of the Realm atqueer/a Death;

Seven Lords Juices appointed.

The Successor (by three instruments) may add seven others.

The three Instruments to be stransmited into Great Britain,

quest Meeting and Calling of Parliaments is hereby declared and enabled to extend to the Parliament of Great Britain, as fully and effectually, to all Intents, constructions, and Purposes, as if the same were herein and hereby particularly recited and enacted.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Privy Council of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors for the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall not be determined or dissolved by the Death or Demise of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, but such Privy Council shall continue and act as such by the Space of six Months next after such Demise, unless sooner determined by the next Successor to whom the Imperial Crown of this Realm is limited and appointed to go, remain, andn descend; nor shall the Office or Place of Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Lord President of the Council for Great Britain, Lord Privy Seal of Great Britain, Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or of any of the Great Officers of the Queen or King's Houshold for the Time being; nor shall any Office, Place, or Employment, Civil or Military, within the Kingdoms of Great Britain or Ireland, Dominion of Wales, Town of Berwick upon Tweed, Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney and Sarke, or any of her Majesty's Plantations, become void by Reason of the Demise or Death of her present Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, Queens or Kings of this Realm; but the said Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, the Lord Privy Seal, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, the Great Officers of the Houshold, and every other Person and Persons in any of the Offices, Places, and Employments aforesaid, shall continue in their respective Offices, Places, and Employments, for the space of six Months next after such Death or Demise, unless sooner removed and discharged by the next in Succession as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Privy Seal, Privy Signet, and all other Public Seals in Being, at the Time of the Demise of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall continue and be made use of as the respective Seals of the Successor, until such Successor shall give Order to the contrary.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That whensoever her Majesty (whom God long preserve) shall happen to demise and depart this Life without Issue of her Body, the Privy Council for Great Britain in Being, at the Time of such Demise of her Majesty, shall with all convenient Speed cause the next Protestant Successor entitled to the Crown of Great Britain, by Virtue of the Acts before mentioned, to be openly and solemnly proclaimed in Great Britain and Ireland, in such Manner and Form as the preceding Kings and Queens respectively have been usually proclaimed after the Demise of their respective Predecessors; and that all and every Member and Members of the said Privy Council, wilfully neglecting or refusing to cause such Proclamation to be made, shall be guilty of High Treason, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged Traitors, and shall suffer Pain of Death, and all Losses and Forfeitures as in Cases of High Treason; and also all and every Officer and Officers within the said Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, who shall by the said Privy Council be required to make such Proclamations, and shall wilfully refuse or neglect to make the same, shall be guilty of High Treason, and being thereof lawfully convicted, shall be adjudged Traitors, and shall suffer Pain of Death, and all Losses and Forfeitures as in Cases of High Treason.

XI. And because it may happen that the next Protestant Successor may, at the Time of such Demise of her Majesty, be out of the Realm of Great Britain in Parts beyond the Seas; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the continuing of the Administration of the Government in the Name of such Protestant Successor, until her or his Arrival in Great Britain, the seven Officers herein after named, who shall be in the Possession of their Offices at the Time of such Demise of her Majesty, that is to say, the Archbishop of Canterbury at that Time being, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain at that Time being, the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain at that Time being, the Lord President of the Council for Great Britain at that Time being, the Lord Privy Seal of Great Britain at that Time being, the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain at that Time being, and the Lord Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench at that Time being, shall be and are, by Virtue of this Act, constituted and appointed Lords Justices of Great Britain, and are and shall be, by Virtue of this Act, impowered, in the Name of such Successor, and in her and his Stead, to use, exercise, and execute all Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Acts of Government and Administration of Government, in as full and ample Manner as such next Successor could use or execute the same, if she or he were present in Person within this Kingdom of Great Britain, until such Successor shall arrive, or otherwise determine their Authority.

XII. Nevertheless, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Person who by the Limitations aforesaid is or shall be next to succeed to the Crown of this Realm, in case of her Majesty's Demise without Issue, shall and is hereby impowered, at any Time during her Majesty's Life, by three Instruments under her or his Hand and Seal, revocable or to be altered at her or his Will and Pleasure, to nominate and appoint such and so many persons, being natural born Subjects of this Realm of Great Britain, as she or he shall think fit, to be added to the seven Officers before named, to be Lords Justices of Great Britain, as fully and in the same Manner as if they had been herein particularly named; Which said Lords Justices, or the major Part of them, which shall assemble, so as such major Part be not fewer than five, shall and may use and exercise all the Powers and Authorities before mentioned, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all of them had been assembled together and consenting.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said three Instruments, revocable and to be altered as aforesaid, shall be transmitted into Great Britain, to the Resident of such Person next to succeed as aforesaid, whose Credentials shall be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, and to the Archbi

t - shop

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annje Regina. C 7., 279

(hop of Canterbury, and the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, dole sealed up; and after they are so transmitted, shall be put into several Covers, which shall be severally and (wrally sealed up with three several Seals of such Resident, and of the Archbishop of Canterbury, and of the Lord sea, ed upand' Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain; and one of them, after it is so sealed up, depal"uid.>&c* shall be lodged and deposited in the Hands of such Resident, one other of them in the Hands of the said Archbishop of Canterbury, and one other of them in the Hands of the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain: And that if the next successor shall be minded to revoke or alter her or his Nomination or Appointment made as aforesaid, and shall by three Writings of the same Tenor, under her or his Hand and Seal, require the said Instruments deposited as aforesaid, to be delivered up to some Person or Persons thereby authorised to receive the same; then and in such Case the said Persons with whom the said Instruments shall be deposited, and every of them, and in case of any of their Deaths, their Executors or Administrators respectively, and every other Person in whose Custody any of the said Instruments shall happen to be, shall deliver up the said instruments accordingly; and they are hereby respectively authorised and required so to do: And if any of the said Persons with whom the said inllru ments shall be so deposited shall happen to die, or be removed from their respective Offices or imploy ments, during the Life of her present Majesty. Person and Persons, and in case of any of their Deaths, their Executors or Administrators respectively, and every other Person in whose Custody any of the said'

Instruments shall happen to be, shall, with all convenient Speed, deliver such of them as shall be in his or their Custody, to the successor or Successors of the Person so dying or removed as aforesaid; which said several Instruments so sealed up and deposited as aforesaid, shall immediately after the Demise of her Majesty without issue, be brought before the Privy Council, where the same shall be forthwith opened and read, and afterwards enrolled in the High Court of Chancery.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the said Persons with whom the said Instruments shall be deposited as aforesaid, or any of their Executors or Administrators, or any other Person in whose Custody the same shall happen t obe after the Deceases of any of the saidf Persons, shall open any of the said Instruments, or shall wilfully neglect or refuse to produce before the said Privy Council as aforesaid, such of the said Instruments as shall be in his or their Custody as aforesaid, every such Person so opening, neglecting or refusing, shall incur the Pains and Penalties of Praemunire inflicted by the said Statute of Praemunire.

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if all the said Instruments deposited as Any one ot ths'

aforesaid, shall not be produced before the said Privy Council as aforesaid, then any one or more of the pr°i

said Instruments so produced as aforesaid, shall be as effectual to give such Authority as aforesaid, to the ycouncil to" " Persons therein named, as if all of them had been produced as aforesaid: if there be not any Nomi be dfcctual nation by such Instruments, then the said seven Officers, or any five of them, are constituted and appointed to be Lords Justices of Great Britain, and are hereby inverted with the Powers and Authorities mentioned in this Act.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Nomination and Appointment Nbm: n»tion of already made by the next successor, signified by such Instruments deposited as aforesaid, pursuant to the f, ords J'f?1"8 said former Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, and of the Succession to ^ady made^to " the Crown of England in the Protestant Line, shall be deemed and taken to be as effectual for constituting be as effectual as and appointing the Persons so nominated Lords Justices of England to be Lords Justices of Great Britain, if appointed by to all Intents, Courtrudlions and Purposes, as if such Nomination and Appointment were made pursuanttbis Act

to this Act.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That the said Lords Justices constituted as aforesaid, shall not dif notto^ilbly solve the Parliament continued and ordered to assemble and sit as aforesaid, without express t]le parliament from such succeeding Queen or King; and that the said Lords Justices shall be, and are hereby restrained withouc direc and disabled from giving the Royal assent in Parliament to any Sill or Bills for the repealing or altering tion, not alter the Act made in England in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of King Charles the Southeast 13 & 14 Car. 2. cond, intituled An act for the Uniformity of public Prayers, and Administration of Sacraments, and otherq 4-

Rites, and Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form for making, ordaining, and consecrating Bishops, Priejls, and

Deacons in the Church England; the Act made in Scotland in the last Session of Parliament there, in insco^d"1^0

tituled, Act for feettring the Protestant Religion, and Prefiyterian Church Government; and all and every co '

the said Loras Justices concurring in giving the Royal assent to any Bill or Bills for repealing or altering

the said Acts, or either of them, shall be guilty of High Treason, and suffer and forfeit as in Cases of

High Treason.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lords Justices before they Lords juihces to

actor intermeddle in their said Offices, or any of the Authorities hereby to them given, shall take the ta^thej^a'^s' Oaths mentioned in an Act made in England in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King s' '*'

William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for abrogating the Oaths of Allegiance and Supremacy, and appointing other Oaths, and also the Oath herein after expressed and enacted to be taken after the Demise N

of her Majesty without Issue of her Body; which said Oaths shall be taken before the Privy Council appointed to continue by Virtue of this Act, who are hereby required and empowered to administer the same; and that all the Members of both Houses of Parliament, and every Member of the Privy Council, and all, fjeo_, Officers or Persons in any Offices, Places, or Employments Civil or Military, who are or shall be by this flat. j. C 5. Act continued as aforesaid, shall take the said Oaths, and do all other Acts requisite by the Laws and And by j Geo. Statutes of this Realm, to qualify themselves to be and continue in such their respective Places, Offices ftac; 2- C -- 3 and Employments, within such Time, and in such Manner, and under such Pains, Penalties, and Difa -

bilities, as they should or ought to do, had they been newly elected, appointed, constituted, or put into; n, j themselves" such Offices, Places, or Employments in the usual and ordinary Way,

XIX. And anew.

a8o C 7,

Anno sexto anne Reginae.

And be deemed Officers oftruft,

After queen's Death, i Ann; Rat. I. c. 22.

following Oath0 be taken.

The Oath.

y;. & 12 W. 3.

How Blanks in the Oath shall be lied up.

A.D. 1707.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted and declared, That all and every the persons that shall be any of the Lords Justices by Virtue of this Act, shall be deemed and taken as Persons executing Offices oftruft within jengland, and shall be required to do all Aets requisite by the Laws and Statutes of England, to qualify themselves to be and continue in their said Offices or Places oftruft, within such Times, and in such Manner, and under such Pains, Penalties, and Disabilities as in and by the said Act are required.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Demise of her majesty without Issue of her Body, instead of the Oath appointed to be taken by the Act, intituled, An Act for the further Security of her Majesty's Person, and the Succejfon of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince sp Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret a bettors, and for declaring the Association to be determined, the following Oath shall be taken by all Persons required by the said Act to take the said Oath therein mentioned, and hereby altered and changed (that is to say)

A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare in my Conscience, before God and the World, That our Sovereign is lawful and rightful

of this Realm, and of all other Majesties Dominions and Countries thereunto

belonging. And I do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I do believe in my Conscience, that the Person pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King James, and since his de cease pretending to be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, hath not any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereto belonging: And I do renounce, refuse, and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him. Atid I do swear. That I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to and

will defend to the utmost of my Power, against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever which shall be made against Person, Crown, or Dignity. And I will do my

utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to Majesty and Successors all Treasons

and traitorous Conspiracies which I shall know to be against or any of them. And I do

faithfully promise, to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain, and defend the Succession of the Crown against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as the same by an Act, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is 2nd (lands limited to the Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and ftncerely acknowledge and swear, according to the express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Abjuration, Renunciation, and Promise, heartily, willingly and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian

So help me GOD.

XXI. The Blanks of which Oath shall be filled up with the Name of her or him, as Queen, or King, who shall be next in Succession, according to the said Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, when the said Oath is to take Place, and with the other proper Additions of the Words Her, His, or Him, and from and after the Death of the said pretended Prince of Wales, these Words following, viz. [' And I do solemnly and sincerely declare. That I ' do believe in my Conscience, that the Person pretended to be Prince of Wales, during the Life of the late King James, and since his Decease pretending to be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, hath not any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereto belonging: And I do renounce, refuse, and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him'] shall be left out, and also the Words ['against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever'] shall be omitted, and instead thereof shall be inserted

The Successor rnzy ute any Seal before her or his Arrival in Great Britain.

Parliament called by Lords Gaol Ices not to be difiolved by Arrival ofsuccessor.

Proviso in case any of the 7 Great Offires be in Commission at queen's peath, '

[' against all Persons whatsoever.']

XI

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such next succeeding Queen or King shall and may make use of any Seal, to affix to any Writing or Instrument, which she or he shall, before her or his Arrival in Great Britain, make and pass, to execute and do, or cause to be executed or done, any regal Act; and it being signified by such Writing or Instrument, that the same shall have the same Effect as if passed under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or any other public Seal used there, the same shall be of the same Force and Effect, as if it were actually sealed by the Great Seal of Great Britain, or such other public Seal, which the same is declared to be intended to have the Force and Effect of in such Writing or Instrument.

XXIII. And be it further declared and enacted, That if, after the Death of her Majesty without Issue, and before the Arrival of any succeeding Queen or King in Great Britain, any Parliament shall be called by the Lords Justices, by Writs tested in their Names; by the Arrival of such succeeding Queen or King in Great Britain, such Parliament shall not be dissolved, but after such Arrival shall proceed without any new Summons.

XXIV. Provided always, That if any of the aforesaid seven Officers, other than the Office of Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, shall be in Commission at the Time of such Demise of her Majesty, that then the first Commissioner of such respective Commission shall be one of the said Lords Justices of Great Britain, and use, exercise, and execute all Powers, Authorities, Matters, and Acts of Government by this A CL vested in the said Lords Justices of Great Britain, according to the Directions and Provisions of

this;

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto anne Reginae.

C 8. 281

this Act, in as full and ample Manner as if such Office or Offices were in the Hands of a Angle Person.

Provided that if there be no Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer shall be in Commission, then the first in that Commission shall be one of the Lords Justices of Great Britain.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who shall have in his Persons in office, own Name, or in the Name of any Person or Persons in Trust for him, or for his Benefit, any new Office &c.madeincapa or Place of Profit whatsoever under the Crown, which at any Time since the five and twentieth Day of tie orbeingelect osiober in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, have been created or erected, or ed *uf"s0°/ hereafter shall be created or erected, nor any Person who shall be a Commissioner, or Sub commissioner Commons! ° of Prizes, Secretary or Receiver of the Prizes, nor any Comptroller of the Accounts of the Army, nor

any Commissioner of Transports, nof any Commissioner of the Sick and Wounded, nor any Agent for any B, Geo. Regiment, nor any Commissioner for any Wine Licences, nor any Governor or Deputy Governor of any stat. 2. C 56. of the Plantations, nor any Commissioners of the Navy employed in any of the Out ports, nor any Per No Pensioner for son having any Pension from the Crown during Pleasure, shall be capable of being elected, or of sitting or yejrs shall flt in voting as a Member of the House of Commons in any Parliament which shall be hereafter summoned and hehoujl held. _ C 2!? '

XXVI. Provided always, That if any Person being chosen a Member of the House of a Commons, shall

accept of any Office of Profit from the Crown, during such Time as he shall continue a Member, his Elec Accepting Office tion shall be, and is hereby declared to be void, and a new Writ shall issue for a new Election, as if such a

Person so accepting was naturally dead. Provided nevertheless, That such Person shall be capable of being ti0enmvoid: But again elected, as if his Place had not become void as aforesaid. nlay be again

XXVII. Provided also, and be it enacted, That in order to prevent for the future too great a Number elected.

of Commissioners to be appointed or constituted for the executing of any Office, that no greater Number No office to be

of Commissioners shall be made or constituted for the Execution of any Office, than have been employed

in the Execution of such respective Office at sometime before the First Day of this present Parliament. Zeners. °mmi

XXVIII. Provided also, That nothing herein contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to any Not to extend to

Member of the House of Commons, being an Officer in her Majesty's Navy or Army, who shall receive Officers in the any new, or other Commission in the Navy or Army respectively. Navy or Airoy.

XXIX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person hereby disabled, or declared to be incapable to personss disabled sit or vote in any Parliament hereafter to be held, shall nevertheless be returned as a Member to serve jf returned as for any County, Stewartry, City, Town, or Cinque Port, in any such Parliament, such Election and Members, such Return are hereby enacted and declared.to be void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; if any Person Election and re disabled, or declared incapable by this Act to be elected, shall after the Dissolution or Determination of this turnvoid* present Parliament presume to sit or vote as a Member of the House of Commons in any Parliament to be

hereafter summoned, such Person so sitting or voting shall forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be Penalty on fit recovered by such Personas shall sue for the same in England, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Infor ting, mation, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, and only one Imparlance.

XXX. And be it further enacted and declared, That every Person disabled to be elected, or to sit or vote in the House of Commons of any Parliament of England, shall be disabled to be elected, or to ficor vote in the House of Commons of any Parliament of Great Britain.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person, who now is a Com comtr>^ missioner for disposing the Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, Eo" " a|c°nrc 'di ". and all other Sums arising to Scotland by Way of Equivalent, upon the Agreements, and to the Purposes abied from being mentioned in the Articles of Union of the two Kingdoms, shall, for, or by Reason of such Commission, elected.

or any other Commission for disposing the said Equivalent, or any Part thereof, or the Execution of any Snfinhr C 14. such Commission, or anything relating thereunto, be disabled from being elected a Member of Parlia an, i % Ar, -.. r. 15. mentor sitting or voting as such in this or any future Parliament.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for incouraging the drering and Dying of Woollen Clothes within this Kingdom, by

laying a Duty upon Broad Cloth exported White.

I. Wf WHEREAS it has been found necessary towards supporting the Woollen Manufacture of this 4 Ed. 4. e.

W Kingdom, that Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, be exported White: 'Now, } R' 3' C s to the Intent that such Exportation may not be prejudicial to the Dressing or Dying of Woollen Clothes twai/fo/every within this Kingdom, We your majesty's most dutiful Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Par brofad Cloth ex liament assembled, do humbly pray your majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted bj the queen's potted, most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Continued for Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Duty of five thirty^two^ears Shillings shall be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for every white woollen Cloth, com, rn"l'c, L

____1, -, u_j DJ e I. 11 r .1 3. r. -___ O pejpciu.icu

monly called Broad Cloth, which shall be exported out of this Kingdom into foreign Parts.

'by 3 Geo. ic. 6.

II. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall export, or cloth slipped be ship on any Boat or Vessel, in order to Exportation into foreign Parts, any white woollen Cloth or Clothes, fore Duty paid, commonly called Broad Cloth, without first paying the Duty aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall for forfeited, feit every such Cloth and Clothes, which shall be so shipped in order to Exportation, contrary to the Intent and Meaning of this Act, or the Value of such Cloth or Clothes; one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, f.'*

't her Heirs and Successors; other Moiety to such Personas shall seize, inform, or fu

io Ann. C 16, i Geo. I. C 15. and 41. 11 Geo. 1. c. 24. 7 Geo. 2. c. 25.

O o

for the same. w lann; C

11 Gco % z, C 20. and lagco, z. C t C

C A ll

Vol. IV

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto anne Reginae.

CAP. IX.

An Act for the Exportation of White Woollen Cloth.

74 and 15 H. 8. C 3,

Patent granted 6 ehz. to the Hamborough Company. Patent as Car. s to the Countess of Portland for twenty-one Years.

All white Woollen Cloth whatever made in Great Britain, C may be exported.

Sec the References to the foregoing Chapter.

EXP.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the fourteenth and fifteenth Years of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, Touching Worsted Weavers of Yarmouth and Lynn, it is amongst other Things enacted, That no Person or Persons any Time after convey or transport into any of the Parts beyond the Sea, any Manner of Clothes or Worsteds before the same Clothes be shorn, dyed,

coloured, and calendred, upon Pain of forfeiting the Value thereof: And whereas in the sixth. Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth a Patent was granted to the Hamborough Company for ever, with LI ' berty to export thirty thousand Clothes, though not wrought or dressed, twenty-five thousand whereof to be above the Value of three Pounds, and under the Value of six Pounds per Cloth, and the other five thousand to be above the Value of four Pounds per Cloth: And whereas in the eight and twentieth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, another Patent was granted to Sir James Hayes, and Sir ' Peter Apfey, Knights, intrust for the late Countess of Portland, for the Term of one and twenty Years,

to license the Exportation of all Manner of Woollen Clothes, white as well as coloured, though not barbed, rowed, shorn or dressed, without Limitation as to Price or Number, with Power to agree and compound with the Exporter for the quantum to be paid them for the Licence to export the same: And whereas the list mentioned Patent expired in or about the Month of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and seven, since the Expiration of which said Patent, the Officers of her Majesty's C Customs have put a Stop to the Exportation of all white Clothes; and some Doubts have arisen whether the same may be exported, notwithstanding the many good Laws that have been made for the Encou ragement of the Woollen Manufacture: whereas there are great Quantities of white Woollen 1 Clothes now ready to be slipped off, and exported into Parts beyond the Seas, where there is a great Demand for the same, and it hath been the Wisdom of this Nation in all Ages, to give all due Encourage' ment to the Woollen Manufacture thereof for preventing the refore of all Doubts that have or may arise concerning the Exportation of white Woollen Cloth, and for the better Encouragement of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in Parliament act cmhled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever to export out of the Kingdom of Great Britain, or Dominion of Wales, any white Woollen Cloth whatsoever, made or manufactured within the said Kingdom of Great Britain or Dominion of Wales, any Law, Statute, Ordinance, Custom, Prescription or Provision whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. X

An Act for the better recruiting her Majesty's Land forces and the Marines, for the Service of the Year

one thousand seven hundred and eight.

CAP. XI.

An Act for continuing one Half part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Crown in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other Uses therein expressed.

I \ O S T Gracious Sovereign; Whereas several Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Du ' ivl ties and Sums of Money, upon Wines, Goods, and other Merchandizes, were given and granted' ticar. C 4. £ lint late Majesty King Charles the Second (of Blessed Memory) for his Life, by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his Reign, intituled, A Subfdy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported, and by the Boole of Rates thereunto annexed; which Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money, upon Wines, Goods and Merchandizes, as well exported as imported, with some Alterations)

were by several subsequent Acts of Parliament granted to continue until the first Day of August one thou anns C ' sand seven hundred and ten: And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of your Majesty's Reign, (entitled. An Act for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making

Provisions therein mentioned, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the jvar, and other her Mu ' jejiys necessary and important Oecasions, and for ascertaining the Wine measure) the said Subsidies of tonne nage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money, were enacted to continue, and be payable to > C your Majesty, for and upon all Wines, Goods and Merchandizes, which should be imported at any' Time or Times between the last day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten and the first Day of Air ' gust one thousand seven hundred and twelve: Now, We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, ., i, iso, ooool. to the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, having resolved, that a further Sum, not exceed be raised by Salee ing one million two hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, be raised by Sale of Annuities in the manner,

of Annuities,

whereof 1, 020, 0001« for the Expense of the War, C and 260, 000 1. for Payment of the Annuities purchased on this Act,

herein

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginas C 11. 283

herein after mentioned, to wit, one Million and twenty thousand Pounds thereof for the better enabling your Majesty to defray the Expense of the present War, and other your majest's moult necessary and important Occasions; and two hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, Residue thereof, to be applied in such Manner as is herein after mentioned, towards making good the Payment of the Annuities to be purchased upon this Act, 'have, for that End and Purpose, cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the further Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by Half Subildy of the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern "only an. poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That over from" land above all other Subsidies, additional Duties, Impositions' and Payments whatsoever, by any former or j, ]y, II i or other Act or Acts of Pail iament, or otherwise however, already due or payable, or which ought to be paid 96 Years, to her Majesty, for or upon any Wines, Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, imported or to be imported, Perpetuated by there hall he raised, levied, collehed, paid, and satisfied unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. and upon all Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, which at any Time or Times, from and after the laftc<

Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, within or during the Term of ninety six Years from |ur thence next and immediately ensuing, shall he imported or brought into Great Britain, one Moiety or half neyparifing by Part of such and the like several and respective Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of money, as by the said Act this act howap of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign are charged or payable within or during the Term or Time there propriated. 7 by granted or limited, for or upon the like imported Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes respectively; ex" ^" cq7ois- cept such Goods and other Merchandizes as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by exempted by fer any Law now in Force, are exempted from the Payment of the Subsidies or Duties which were first grant mer Acts.7 ed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second as aforesaid. 12 Car. 2. C 4.

II. And it is hereby enacted, 'I hat in all Cases where, by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any AH relating thereunto, any Drawbacks or Abatements are to be made of the Whole, or any Part of the Duties thereby imposed, upon any Wines, Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, there shall be in the like Cases proportional Drawbacks and Abatements made of the Whole, or Part The same draw of the Duties by this Act imposed upon the same Wines, Goods and Merchandizes respectively; and that al the several Subsidies and Duties by this Act granted, during the Continuance thereof, shall be raised, col Powers lehed, levied, secured, and paid, within and throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, by the same r, vlvcdi Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances, and

subject to such Rules and Directions, as in and by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or

by any other AH or ahs therein referred unto, are prescribed or appointed, for the raising, collecting, '

levying, feeuring, and paying the said Subsidies and Duties, granted by the said Act of the fifth Year of 5 Annas, C iji

her majesty's Reign, during the Continuance thereof; and that every Article, Rule, and Clause contained

in the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or in any AH or ahs of Parliament therein mentioned, or thereby referred unto, for raising, eollehing, levying', feeuring, and paying the said Subsidies

and Duties thereby granted, during the Continuance thereof, are and shall be by Force of this Act revived,

and shall be used, exercised and put in Praflice, for the raising, levying, eollehing and answering the Sub

fulies and Duties granted or imposed by this present Act, during the said Term of ninety six Years, and

all Arrearages thereof from time to time, as fully and effeciually as if the same Articles, Rules, and Clauses,

and every of them, were again particularly and at large recited and re enacted in the Body of this present

AH; except only as to such of the Paid Articles, Rules, and Clauses, touching which other Provisions, Except where

Alterations or Exemptions are made by any AH or ahs of Parliament now in being, which other Provi ?there Provision

stor.s. Alterations, or Exemptions hall be observed with respeh to the Duties hereby granted, during the ls made

Continuance of this Act, in the same Manner as they are to be observed with respeh to the said Subsidies

formerly granted as aforesaid.

III. And for the better and more sure Payment of all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, be it Moneys to be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys arising from time to time by or for the fur paid into the ex there Subsidies and Duties by this Act granted or payable (the necessary Charges of managing, raising, le lepa

vying, eollehing, answering, paying, and accounting for the same only excepted) shall from time to ratem

time, from and after the Commencement thereof, for and during the said Term of ninety six Years thereby granted, be brought and paid by the receiver-general, or such Person or Persons as for the time being hall have the Receipt thereof (who are hereby required and enjoined to bring and pay the same as it hall be raised) into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, distinhly and separately from all other Moneys whatsoever that are or shall be payable by him or them into the said Receipt.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the Time that all After the prin the Principal and Interest Moneys which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign are cipal, C dwg charged upon the aforesaid Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage thereby granted, shall be satisfied and paid J 5 a".n1a?' off, or that Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer sufficient for that Purpose, then one Moiety or half

Part of the aforesaid Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, to arise by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Subsidy to be majesty's Reign, for the Remainder of the Term thereby granted, and therein then to come and unex paid weekly into pired (except the necessary Charges of raising, eollehing, levying, and accounting for the same) shall in the Exchequer, like Manner from time to time be brought and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for the Purposes in this Act expressed distinhly and apart as aforesaid, and the said Receiver and Receivers General, or other Persons who shall have the Receipt of the said Moiety or half Part of the said Subsidies and Duties by this or the said former Act granted, and hereby required to be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, shall make or cause to be made the Payments thereof into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, accordo

o 2 ing

Anno sexto anne Regins.

A.D. 1707.

260, 0001. reserved for discharging the quarterly Payments.

To be entered in 3 boi*k, £rc.

Commissioners and other Officers, C to be appointed.

ing to the true Meaning of this Act, weekly to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an an holy dav, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an holy day.

V. And for the better securing the quarterly Payments which shall grow due upon the Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of this Act, before the Moneys arising by the half Subsidies and Duties before mentioned can take Place for Payment of the same, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum not exceeding two hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, Part of the Contribution Moneys to be raised by Sale of Annuities upon this Act, or so much thereof as shall be sufficient in this Behalf, shall and may be reserved and applied for and towards the discharging the quarterly Payments last mentioned.

The half Subsidy,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said half Subsidies and Duties by

pa^/ntof t's app°'ntetl to be paid into the Exchequer weekly for the Purposes in this Act contained, as the Annuities! aforesaid, and the said Sum not exceeding two hundred and sixty thousand Pounds hereby directed to be reserved out of the contribution money as aforesaid, or so much of the same Subsidies, Duties, and reserved Moneys as shall be sufficient for answering the full and due Payment of all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, and all Arrearages thereof from time to time incurred, are and shall be by virtue of this Act, liable and appropriated thereunto, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities in this Act expressed; all the Moneys arising by the said half Subsidies, Duties, and Provisions hereby made, out of which the said Annuities to be purchased upon this Act: are to be satisfied, shall be fairly and duly entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned at all seasonable Times shall have free access, See or Charge.

VII. And to the End all the Moneys by this Act: appropriated for Payment of the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, may be duly and certainly raised and brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer for that Purpose, it is hereby further enacted, That from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be continued or appointed Commissioners, and a Receiver or Receivers General, as also Comptrollers, Collectors, and other proper Officers for raising the several half Subsidies and Duties by this Act intended for the Payment of the Annuities to be purchased thereupon, and for keeping the Accounts of the same; and that all Commissioners, Receivers General, Comptrollers, Collectors, and other Officers, who are or shall be concerned in the managing, raising, levying, receiving, collecting or paying the same, or in keeping the Accounts thereof, shall perform their several and respective Duties therein, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect: therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the said Moneys, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory (entitled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies) for the like Offence or Neglect in relation to the Duties upon Salt, and other Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper thereby granted, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted by the Act last mentioned.

Any Persons may

VIII. And for the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one lend 1, 280, 0001. million and two hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, for such uses as aforesaid, it is hereby further enacted by e Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Years Purchase. fore'2r, ers, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance, and pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer for her Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times in this Act: limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said Sum of one million two hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, for purchasing any Annuity or Annuities to be paid and payable during the full Term of ninety-nine Years, to be reckoned from the four and twentieth Day of fune in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, at the Rate of sixteen Years Purchase, which Rate doth amount to the Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds for every such Annuity of ten Pounds per Annum, and proportionally for any greater Annuity; and the same Rate, or consideration money, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt, at or before the respective Days or Times herein after mentioned, that is to say. One fourth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the two and twentieth Day of fune in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; one other fourth Part thereof on Annum to or b€fore the twentieth Day of August in tile Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight;

*xr^annum*n'd ard the regaining fourth Part thereof on or before the twentieth Day of Odioher in the Year of our Lord to be paid qtiar one thousand seven hundred and eight: All which Annuities so to be purchased, shall not exceed in though terly. whole the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four mod: usual

Part Aib Feasts or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say, The Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, the Birth

sea^sfock°^Out^ our ord Christ, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, and the Nativity of Saint John fuan w fcgco.i. Baptist, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due at the Feast of Saint C 4.'Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight.

Contributors IX Audit is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Names to te en pells in the Exchequer severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there tred, C shall be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be Contributors, and of all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the said Sums upon this Act, and also the Sum so paid: To which Book it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators,

and

Who shall be subject to the Penalties, C9 & 10 W, C 44.

Times of Payment.

2 S

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annje Regins. C rr.

and Assigns, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to inspect the same without Fee or Reward.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities whatsoever, Annuities dinrg

which shall be purchased upon or in pursuance of this present Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, CD upon the half and shall be paid and payable from time to time in the first Place, and with Preference to all other Paye

ments whatsoever, 011 of the Moneys arising from time to time, of or for the said half Subsidies, and

other Duties appointed to be brought in weekly for that Purpose, as aforesaid, and out of the said Sum of the contribution money hereby appointed to be reserved, as aforesaid; so much of the said half Subsidies, Duties, and reserved Moneys so appointed, as shall be sufficient to Satisfy and discharge all the Annuities to be purchased on this Add, and all the Arrearages thereof, at any Time due or owing, are and shall be, by virtue of this Act, appropriated and applied to and for Satisfying and discharging of the same Annuities, and.such Arrearages thereof accordingly, and shall be issued, disposed, and applied to that Use, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities in this Act expressed; thing herein contained, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at the End of any Surplus to Xeap quarter of a Year of the Term for which the Annuities upon this Act are to be purchased, the Moneys P'cd topublick arising at the Exchequer of or for the said half Subsidies and Duties by this Act appropriated (the Con yjrther pnm tribution money to be reserved, as aforesaid, being excepted) shall exceed all the Moneys then due for or fions relating upon the same Annuities, and all Arrearages thereof, then or at any Time or X imes before that Time in hereto, 7 Ann. curred, so that there shall be an Excess or Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, such Excess or Surplus C 7. §. 32. shall be disposable from time to time for the public Use and Service, and not otherwise; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Contributor and Con Contributors en trihutors upon this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money at the Rate aforesaid, at or titled to the an before the respective Days or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf for any such Annuity or Annuities nmtie, »as aforesaid, or such as he, she, or they shall appoint, his, her, or their respective Executors, administrators, Successors, and Assigns, shall have, receive and enjoy, and be intituled by virtue of this Act to have, receive, and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for the Payment thereof, during the said whole Term of ninety-nine Years, to be purchased therein, as is abovementioned; that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns respectively, shall have good and sure Estates and Interests in the several Annuities so by them to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and tax free, that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act, and every of them, during the Term aforesaid, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges, and Impositions whatsoever.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act for And to have any Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, upon Tallies andor payment of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, at the Rate aforesaid, or any Part or dcrslltuck'&c* Proportion thereof, within the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have

one or more Talley or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of so much consideration money as shall be so paid; and upon Payment of all the purchase money for any such Annuity or Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns respectively, shall have an Order for paying of the said Annuity and Annuities, for and during the said Term of ninety-nine Years, to be purchased therein; which Order shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the?

Time being; and after the signing thereof, the same shall be good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office, or Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed as aforesaid, or any of them.

XIV. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay forthwith into the Receipt j percent, for of the Exchequer the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act, it is provided and enacted by prompt Payment the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay into the said Receipt before 20 April of Exchequer, all or any Part of the purchase money payable for any such Annuity or Annuities as afore I7°S'

said, before the said twentieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the Rate of five Pounds per Centum per Annum for the prompt Payment, of the Money so advanced, from the Time of the actual advancing and paying the same, until the said twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eight.

XV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Contributor or Contri Annuities af butors, his her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, at any Time or Times, du signable, C ring the continuance of his, her, or their Term, Estate, or Interest of and in any Annuity to be purchased

upon this Act, by any Writing under his, her, or their Hands and Seals, or under the common Seal of a Corporation, or by his, her, or their last Will in Writing, to assign or devise such Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and so toties quoties; and no such Alignment to be revokable, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will be.made in Books

Anno sexto Ann Resnnaj.

O

A.D. 1707.

Guardian may advance 1601, for Benefit of Infant.

Officers of the £'x' hequer to take no Fee, C

Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the Space of three Months after such Assignment, pr Death of the Devisor; and that upon producing such Alignment, or Will, or Probate thereof, in the said Office of Receipt, to be entered as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same shall bring therewith an Affidavit taken before one or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of the said Assignment or Will, which Affidavit shall be severally filed in the said Office; which said Entry or Memorandum the proper Officers in the said Receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said Affidavits; and in Default of such af signment or Devise by Deed or Will, the Interest of such Contributor shall go to his or her Executors or Administrators.

XVI. And it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Guardian or Trustee, having the Disposal of the Money of any Infant under the Age of one and twenty Years, for the Use and Benefit of Inch Infant, to advance and pay the Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds of the Money of such Infant, to purchase an Annuity upon this Act, for the Benefit of such Infant; and the said Guardian or Trustee, as to the said Sum of one hundred and sixty Pounds so advanced, is hereby discharged.

XVII. And be it further enacted, for the better Encouragement of Persons to advance the Moneys on this Act, That all Receipts and Mues, and all other Things directed by this Act to be performed in the Exchequer, shall be done and performed by the Officers there, without demanding or receiving, directly or indirectly, any Fee, Gratuity or Reward for the same; and in case any of the Officers of the Exchequer shall take or demand any such Fee or Reward, or shall divert or misapply any of the Moneys of the said half Subsidies, and other Duties or Moneys hereby appropriated, or any Part thereof, which should make good the Payment of the said Annuities, or shall pay or issue out the same otherwise than according to the Intent of this Act, or shall not keep Books or Registers, and make Entries, and do and perform

Penalty. all other Things which by this Act they are required to - perform; every such Officer shall forfeit his

Office, and be for ever uncapable of any Office or Place of Trust, and shall answer and pay Treble Damages to every Contributor or Person who shall be prejudiced thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction, Order of re straint, or more than one Imparlance hall be granted or allowed; and in the said Action the Plaintiff upon Recovery shall have full Colts; one third of which Sum to be recovered for Damages shall be to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts, with the Costs, shall be to the Use of the Prosecutor; and in case there shall be any Collusion or feint Prosecution between the Plaintiff and Defendant in such Action, it shall be lawful for any other Contributor, his or her Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to bring another Action, wherein he or she shall recover as aforesaid, to

the like Uses as aforesaid.

No Purchase,

XVIII. Provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may Purchase or obtain, or unless one fourth be admitted to purchase or obtain any Annuity whatsoever upon this Act, unless the whole, or one fourth

L r 1 Part at jeafl. Of tj^e consideration money for the same, at such Rate as. aforesaid, be advanced and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer on or before the said twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and/fight.

XIX. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor as aforesaid, who shall, on or before the said twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eight, have advanced one fourth Part of his or her purchase inoney, or his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, do not advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer one other fourth Part of his or her consideration money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities as aforesaid, on or before the said two and twentieth Day of yum one thousand seven hundred and eight; and one other fourth Part thereof on or before the said twentieth Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eight; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the said twentieth Day of October one thousand seven hundred and eight; then, and in every such Case respectively, no Order shall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity, for which the consideration money shall not be fully paid as aforesaid; so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and shall be applied, together with other the monies to be raised by this Act, for such public Services, as aforesaid; thing in this Act: contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Treasury may re

XX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer ward Officers, of, the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, out c'c'hcs surn!uuof ^rilf Subsidies and other Duties by this Act appropriated for making good the said Fund, not ex

Duiies C US ceed ng eighty thousand 'Pounds per Annum, which shall arise over and above so much as shall be fufn cient to make up the said yearly Fund for discharging all the Annuities to be purchased on this Act, to reward the Officers, Clerks, and others to be employed sin the Payment of the said Annuities, or the Accounts thereof, for their Labour, Pains, Charges, and Service therein respectively, and to defray all other the necessary Charges incident to the Payment of the said Annuities, as to the said Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being shall feern meet and reasonable in that Behalf; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And whereas in and by the said Act of the fifth Year of her said majesty's Reign, a Credit was given for any Sums not exceeding eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence Farthing, to be borrowed at an Interest, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum upon the several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties in that Ad mentioned, and the Lord

be paid by 20 April 1708

Contributor paying one foorth Part, and not the Remainder, forfeits what is paid.

Anno sexto Annoe Reginas

C 11. 287

Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are thereby authorised and directed to cause the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer to receive from Time to Time by way of Loan, at the like Interest, at the said Receipt, any further Sum and Sums of Money over and above the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence Farthing, as should be sufficient to make good the Payment of all the Interest Moneys appointed or allowed by that Add, every three Months, until the Subsidies, Impo fitions, and Duties therein mentioned should come into the Exchequer, and be sufficient for that purpose,

pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning of that Act: 'Now it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to the taking away, altering, or lessening the said Power and Direction of borrowing Moneys to make good the Payment of the said Interest every three Months, until the said Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties in the said recited Act mentioned shall! come in and be sufficient for that Purpose as aforesaid, or in any wise to alter or prejudice the Security given by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the Repayment or Satisfaction of the same, or any other the Principal or Interest Moneys, which were secured, or intended to be secured by that Act, and that the Orders for the same shall be registered in Course, and paid in the same Manner as if this Act had not been made; this present Act, or anything therein contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas several Tickets, commonly called Million Lottery Tickets, and Malt Lottery Tic kets, which are still unpaid, and several Bills called Exchequer Bills, not yet discharged, also diverse Sorts of Bills or Certificates, commonly called Debentures, made forth for Arrears due to the Army, and for Transport Services, not being applied to the purchasing of any of the forfeited Ellatcs in Ireland, or o 4 therwife discharged, and also diverse Tallies and Orders for Payment of Annuities granted by Acts of Parliament, are by Casualty or Mischance lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed Be it hereby further enacted, That in all Cases where it shall appear by Affidavit, to be made before any of the Barons of the Exchequer for the Time being, to the Satisfaction of such Baron or Barons, That any such Tickets, Bills, Debentures, Tallies, or Orders as aforesaid, before the third Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven, have been or are lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed, it shall and may be lawful for the respective Officers or Persons appointed to issue and make forth the said Tickets, Bills, Debentures, Tallies, or Orders, or to pay and discharge the same, or to issue any Moneys due and payable thereon, upon the producing of a Certificate from any of the said Barons of such Affidavit made before him (which Affidavit the said Barons, or any of them, is and are hereby authorised to take, and which Certificate he or they are hereby required to make and grant without Fee or Reward) and on Security given to the said respective Officers and Persons to their good liking, to indemnify them respectively against all other Persons whatsoever, for or concerning the Moneys specified in, or due upon such respective Ticket or Tickets, Bill or Bills, Debenture or Debentures, Talley or Tallies, Order or Orders, they the said Officers and Persons respectively, shall and are hereby required to make forth Duplicates of the said Tickets, Bills, Debentures, or Orders, and to innovate the said Tallies, at the Request of the respective Owners, and to pay and discharge the said Tickets, Bills, Debentures, Tallies, and Orders, and all such Interest as is or shall be due on the said Tickets, Bills, Debentures, or Orders, carrying Interest, as he or they should have paid"and discharged on the said original Bills, Tickets, Debentures, Tallies, or Orders, if the same had been produced, and shall be allowed the same in all their respective Accounts; and if there shall not be any proper Officer or Person to make forth the said Duplicates, or any of them, that the Lord High Treasurer of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, or any three of them, shall and are hereby authorised and required upon such Affidavit and Security as aforesaid, to order and direct any such Duplicates to be male forth, in such Manner as he or they shall judge to be best; which Matters and Things shall be done without Fee or Reward to be taken or demanded for the same; anything in this or any other Act of Parliament contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIII. And whereas several Officers and other Proprietors of Debentures made forth by the late Paymaster of the Army, Commissioners for Transports, and by the Commissioners of Accounts, in that' 4 Behalf authorised respectively, have omitted to register the said Debentures within the Time limited by Act of Parliament for that Purpose made and passed in the fourth Year of her present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act to enlarge the Time for regijlring unsatisfied Debentures upon the forfeited estates in Ireland,

and for renewing of other Debentures 'which have been lost, burnt or destroyedfor the Relief therefore of all such Officers and other Proprietors of the said unregiftred Debentures, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such Officers and other Proprietors of any of the said Debentures, who have not registered the same, to register their Debentures on or before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eight; which said Debentures being so registered, shall, and are hereby intituled to all the Benefit of Interest and other Advantages, as if registered on or before the four and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six.

XXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Purchaser or Purchasers of any Annuity or Annuities upon this Add, having paid one fourth Part or more of the purchase money hereby appointed to be paid for the same, shall be minded and desirous to be paid by way of Advance out of the Moneys by this Add appointed to be reserved (when such Money shall be reserved) as aforesaid, all or any of the quarterly Payments to grow due upon such Annuity or Annuities at or before Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and eleven, then an Order shall be forthwith drawn and signed, according to the Course of the Exchequer, and satisfied, for the immediate paying, by way of Advance, such quarterly Payments as aforesaid, out of the said reserved Moneys, deducting for the Uses 1 of

Clause of Credit in 5 Ann, f. 2, not lessened by this Act.

Lottery Ticket?, Exchequer Bills, Debentures, &c. burnt or lost and not discharged, new ones to be made forth in lieu of such so loft, &c.

On Affidavit and Certificate, See,

Officers to pay the same.

Without fc.

Irish Debentures not registered within Times limited, may be registered before 24 June 170s.

Ann, C 24*

Purchasers having paid one fourth Part, See, may have advanced all or any the quarterly Payments, due before 29 St pt-3711. d dusting 1 4 1, percent.

288 C 12. Anno sexto anne Reginae. A.D. 1707.

of this Act, upon every quarterly Payment so to be advanced, so much as an Interest after the -- four Pounds per Centum per Annum shall amount unto, from the Time of such Advance, until such quarterly Payments respectively would grow due by the Days of Payment limited for the same by this Act anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An act to explain the Act; of the last Session of Parliament, for the Ease of her Majesty's Subjects in Relation to Allowances out of the Duties upon Salt carried Coastwise, and also an Act; of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, in Relation to certain Salt Works near the sea side and Bay of holy head, in the County of Anglesea,

j Anna, C sg. ' I. "WHEREAS by an act passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the Ease of her Majesty's' Subjects in Relation to the Duties upon Salt, and for making the like Allowances upon the

Exportation of White Herrings, Flesh, Oatmeal, and Grain called Beer, alias Bigg, as are to be made upon Exportation of the like from Scotland; it was provided and enacted, That any Person that shall IT) ip any English White Salt or Rock Salt to be carried Coastwise, after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, from one Port of England or Wales, or the Port of Berwick upon Tweed, to any Port of England or Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, the Duties having heen paid or secured to be paid, accor ding to former Laws, shall have an Allowance made to him after the pate of three Bushels for every

forty Bushels of English White Salt, and after the Rate of one Bushel and an Half for every forty bu fhels of English Rock Salt so hipped to be carried Coastwise, and proportionably for a greater or less Quantity, in Consideration of the ordinary Waste in the Carriage thereof; which Allowance fnr.ll be

but one made for the same Salt, although such Salt shall be carried from several Ports Coastwise as aforesaid: whereas there has been some Doubt in Relation to the Allowance for the ordinary "Waste of

Salt, where the said Salt has been shipped to be carried to a Member of the same Port, though at a con

Distance from the same Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Persons that shall ( from and after the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven) ship Salt to be carried Coastwise by Coclcet or Transire, twenty Miles by Sea or more, or from the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk to Loiuejloff, or Southwold Bay in the County of Suffolk, although unto a Member or Creek of the Port from whence it was first shipped off, shall have an Allowance after the Rate of three Bushels for every forty Bushels of English White Salt, and after the Rate of one Bushel and an Plalf for every forty Bushels of English Rock Salt so shipped to be carried Coastwise, and proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, in Consideration of the ordinary Waste in the Carriage thereof, the Duties having been first paid, or secured to be paid, According to former Laws; which Allowance shall be but once made for the same Salt, although such Salt filial] be carried Coastwise from several Ports as aforesaid, or Members or Creeks of Ports.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, it is enacted, That no Rock Salt whatsoever shall be refined or made into White Salt in any Place or Places whatso ever, within the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, except in such Places as are or shall be within ten Miles Distance of the respective Pit or Pits from whence such Rock Salt shall be taken, or at such Places as, on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven e hundred and two, shall have been used for the refining of Rock Salt, under a Penalty therein expressed;

whereas certain Salt Works have been with great Charges erected near the sea side and Bay of holy head in the County of Anglesea in North tfales, for the making of White Salt from Seawater;

arm upon several Occasions Rock Salt is very useful to Lengthen the Brine in the said Works, when weakened by fresh Water, or other Accidents; but the proper tffe of the said Salt Works not being for the refining Rock Salt, it hath been doubted whether Rock Salt might be there used For preventing such Doubts for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Rock Salt may be soused in the making Salt from Seawater in the said Salt Works near holy head aforesaid, anything in the said Act, or in any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding, so as her Majesty's Duties for all the Salt proceeding as well from the said Rock Salt as from the Seawater be duly charged, answered, and paid to her Majesty's Use.

III. And whereas by the said Act it Is enacted, That for all White Herrings which shall from and af ter the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, be exported from any Part or Place in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to Parts beyond the Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, there shall be the like Allowances as are to be made upon the Exportation of White Herrings from Scotland, upon the Oath of the Exporter or his Agent, taken before the principal Officers of the Port from whence the same are exported, that such Herrings were cured with Salt for which the Duties have been paid, and not drawn back, and that the same are really e exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not re landed or intended to be re landed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed: And whereas many of her Majesty's Subjects cannot have the Benefit that was intended for them by the said Act, in Regard the Salt with which the White Herrings are salted in many Parts of England pass through many Hands, and the Persons who export such Herrings buy the same al ready cured of Persons to whom they are sent to be sold and disposed of at Ports far distant from the f Places where they are cured, and by Reason thereof such Exporters are uncapable of making such Oath as by the Act is required: 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for

3 all

Ordinary Waste of Salt.

Allowances for Salt carried Coastwise 20 Miles, or from Yarmouth to coweftoff or Southwold Bay. 5 IV & U. C 7, a & 3 Ann. C 14. 4 Ann. C 12.

1 Ann, flat, i, C 21. f 10.

S Geo. 2. c. 12.

Rock Salt may be used in making Salt in Salt Works near holy head,

See farther 9 Ann. C 23.

5 Anna?, C 29.*6*

A.D. 1707. Anno fejito anne Reginae. C 13, 14. 289

all White Herrings, which shall from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven Allowance to be hundred and eighty be exported from any Port or Place in the Kingdom of England, Dominion of Wales, or Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to Parts beyond the Seas, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, there. Ite

shall be the Allowances made as are directed by the said atto be paid, by the Officer appointed to col ° '

le£l the Duties upon Salt in the same Port, at such Times, and in such Manner, and upon such Debenture, and so verified, as in the said Act is directed, upon Oath of the Exporter, or his Agent, to be first taken, in Manner as in the said at is expressed, That he bought the Herrings in such Debenture mentioned, and that the same were cured with Salt for which the Duties had been paid, and not drawn back, to the best of his Knowledge and Belief, and that the same are really exported to Parts beyond the Seas, and not re landed, or intended to be re landed, in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, in which Oath shall be inserted the Name of the Person or Persons of whom the said Herrings were bought.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruisers and Convoys. forty-three Ships expos War to be employed as Cruisers in proper Stations, as Lord High Admiral shall direct, C Ships to be careened three Times a Year. In case of necessity, Lord Admiral may order any of the said Ships to be employed in the Line of Battle. Commissioners of the Navy to be appointed to take care of cruising Ships, and send Account, within eight Days after Meeting of Parliament, when such Ships sailed '° ' 17>

out of Port, C Lord Admiral to nominate the Number of cruising Ships by 26 March 1708. and af i!' terwards yearly between I November and 1 December during the War. If taken or lost, to appoint o thers. For Encouragement of the Sea Service, Officers and Seamen of queen's Ships, Privateers, C to have the sole Property in all Prize Ships. Proviso touching Appraisement of Prize Ships taken into queen's Service. Treasurer of the Navy to pay 5l. for every Man on board Ship taken from the Enemy, Not to exempt Prize Ships or Goods from Payment of Customs. Such Goods to be brought on Shore, and put into the queen's Warehouses, C until appraised and sold. After Sale, Notice to be given for Payment to Captors, C Shares not demanded in three Years, to go to Greenwich Hospital.

Farther Provision for Greenwich Hospital, 10 Anns, C 17. fedl. 9. To whom Bills for Prize Ships taken into the queen's Service, C and the 5 /. per Man, shall be made payable. Commander, is'e. imbez ling Prize Goods to forfeit Treble the Value. [To continue during the War.]

CAP. XIV.

An act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government.

C t7 OR the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government against the Practices and At this act entarg ' j7 tempts of all Persons who hall be suspected to be disaffedled and dangerous to the same, 'Be it en e by 8 Anns, acted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual 'MS and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the and Military in same, That all Officers Civil and Military, in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain, commonly cal Scotland to take led Scotland, shall be obliged to take the following Oath: the Oath.

I A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare in my Conscience, before And by r

God and the World, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this f

Realm, and of all other her Majesty's Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging. And I do so livin»s"m°fts ° lenmly and sincerely declare. That I do believe in my Conscience, the Person pretended to be Prince of take this Oath. Wales, during the Life of the late King James, and since his Decease pretending to be, and taking By 10 Aura, upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, or of Scotlandc §io by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of King of Great Britain, hath not any Right,

or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereunto belonging: Ge, r C

And I do renounce, refuse, and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him. And I do swear. That I

will bear Faith and true Allegiance to her Majesty Queen Anne, and her will defend to the utmost of

my Power against all traitevous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever which shall be made against her

Person, Crown, or Dignity. And I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to her Majesty and her Successors all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies, which I shall know to be against:

her or any of them; And I do faithfully promise, to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain,

and defend the Succession of the Crown against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever,

as the same is and Hands settled by an at An asl declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Sub 1 w. si

jeef, and settling the Succession of the Grown to her present Majesty, and the Heirs of her Body, being prote C 2*

j1 ants and as the same by one other Act, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and i2 &^w. better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is and lands settled and entailed after the Decease of C 2. her Majesty, and for Default of Issue of her Majesty, to the Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgement, Abjuration, Renunciation and Promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian.'

vol, IV

So help

me God.

II. And

Pp

290

Before whom Oath shall be taken.

All Persons in 3 Months after Admittance to Offi e to take the Oath.

Courts to administer the Oath, C

Persons refusing to take the Oath, disabled.

Penalty on refusing, and afterward executing Office.

13 & 14 W. 3. C 6.

Justices may summon before them suspected Persons, and tender them the Oath,

and certify the Names of those who refuse, C

fcxp.

1 jic. I. C 15;

3. 15, 16. Anno sexto Ann, Reginse, A.D. 1707.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Persons now having or bearing any the Offices aforesaid, and who in Respebl thereof have been or are obliged and required to take in Scotland an Oath, called, The Oath of Allegiance and assurance, before the Privy Council there, shall be o bliged, on or before the twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eight, to take and subscribe the Oath hereby appointed, before that Privy Council while it shall continue, and after the Determination thereof, before and in the Court of the Lords of Session, or the Court of Justiciary, or the Court of Exchequer there; and all others now in any other the Offices aforesaid, who in Respebl thereof have tifed and been obliged to take the said Oath of Allegiance and Assurance in any other Court or Place, shall be, and are hereby required and obliged to take and subscribe the same at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace which shall be held for any County or Place in which any such Officer shall be resident or abiding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons what feever, who shall hereafter be admitted into any Office, Civil or Military, within.that Part of Great bri earn called Scotland, shall within three Months after his Admittance into any such Office take and subscribb the Oath hereby appointed in the Courts abovementioned respectively, according to the Distinbtion abovementioned for Persons now in Office to take the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said respective Courts shall from Time to Time administer the said Oath to such Persons as shall tender themselves to take the same, and shall keep proper Rolls of Parchment, in which the Subscriptions of all Persons taking the said Oaths shall from Time to Time be made; to which all Persons may have free Access without Fee or Reward.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person hereby required to take and subscribe the Oath aforesaid, and neglecting or refusing so to do, at such Times, and in such Manner as is above directed, shall be adjudged incapable and disabled in Law, to all Intents and Purposes, to have or enjoy any Office or Offices, in respect whereof he is hereby obliged to take the said Oath, and the said Office or Offices shall be, and are hereby adjudged to be void.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Person and Persons who shall neglect or refuse to take the said Oath as aforesaid, and shall after such Neglect orrefufal, either personally or by Deputy, execute any of the said Offices, and shall be thereof lawfully convicted, shall incur such Penalties, Disabilities, and Forfeitures, as by an Act made in England in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled An act for the further Security of his Majestf s Person, and the Succession of the Crown in the Protestant Line, and for extinguishing the Hopes of the pretended Prince of Wales, and all other Pretenders, and their open and secret Abettors, are enabled, limited, and appointed for any Officer his abling after the Neglect or Refusal of such Officer to take the Oath therein prescribed.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two Justices of the Peace, whereof one of them to be of the Quorum, within any of the Counties, Ridings, Divisions, Stewartries, Cities, or Boroughs within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, or any other Person or Persons who shall be by her Majesty for that Purpose specially appointed by Order in the Privy Council, or by Commission under the Great Seal, at any Time or Times to summon and convene before them all such Persons within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, Powers, and Authorities, as they shall or may suspebl to be dangerous or difaftebled to her Majesty or her Government, and shall and may tender to every such Person and Persons the Oath abovementioned and appointed, and shall at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place in which the said Oath shall be tern dred, certify the Christian Names, and Surnames, and Places of Abode of all Persons refusing to take the said Oath, to be there recorded, and shall be from thence certified by the Clerk of the Peace of such County, Riding, Liberty, Borough, Town Corporate, or Place within England, into her Majesty's Court of Chancery or queen's Bench at Westminster, and by the Clerk of the Peace of every Shire, Stewartry, Borough or Place in Scotland, into' the Court of Session, there to be recorded in the Register or Rolls of the said respective Courts; and if the Person so refusing and certified shall not within the next Term or Session after such Refusal, appear in the Court of Chancery, queen's Bench, or Scjfwn, where such Certificate shall be returned, and in open Court audibly and solemnly take and subscribe the Oath aforesaid, and endorse or enter his so doing upon the Certificate so returned, shall be from the Time of such his Neglect or Refusal, taken, esteemed and adjudged a Popish Recusant convict, and as such shall forfeit and undergo such Penalties as a Fopish Recusant convict ought to do by the Laws now in Force within England.

CAP. XV.

An Act to empower her Majesty to secure and detain such Persons as her Majesty shall suspebl are conspiring

against her Person and Government.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for repealing the Act of the first Year of King James the First, intituled An act for the well garbling of Spices, and for granting an Equivalent to the City of London by admitting Brokers.

i'1i7 WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, intituled, An Act for the well garbling of Spices, several Drugs, Wares, Spices and Mer

chandizes,

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Anna: Reginae. 0, 17. 291

t chandizes are to be garbled within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, as therein is mentioned, under the Penalties and Forfeitures therein specified, and several Powers are thereby given to the gar bier for the Time being, for that Purpose; Act for the garbling of Spices, and other Wares and Merchandizes, in many Cases is now become useless, and in other Cases would be prejudicial, and to the Damage of several Wares and Merchandizes so to be garbled, to the Obstruction and Discourage merit of the Trade of this Kingdom, and the Foreign Exportation, and to the Vexation of the Subjects,

by unnecessary Prosecutions in her Majesty's Court of exchequer be it therefore enacted by the queen's 6 W, 3. C 7. raoft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act Act for the gar shall be, and from henceforth Hands absolutely repealed, and all Powers, Penalties, and Forfeitures there blish of spices in mentioned or given, shall from henceforth be null and void. repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Suits and Informations now depend Suits depending ing in her Majesty's Court of Exchequer, or in any other Court, or which shall at any Time hereafter be for any Seizure, brought or prosecuted upon the said Act, under Pretence of any Seizure or Forfeiture, or Penalty incurred discharged. for Breach of the said Act, or for any Offence committed or supposed to be committed against the same,

shall be, and are hereby declared to be discharged, discontinued and determined, and that no Proceedings shall be had thereupon, and all Seizures upon the said Act made or to be made, are hereby declared to be; discharged, released, null, and void.

III. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful for the Lord Mayor and Court of Aldermen, and lord mayor, e. Common Council of the City of London for the Time being, to appoint from time to time a fit and able may appoint a Person to execute the Office of Garbler within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, who at the Garblfr to sa Request of any Person or Persons, Owner or Owners of any Spices, Drugs, or other Wares or Mer p1london WT chandizes garbleable, and not otherwise, shall garble the same, and such Garbler shall have and receive

for his Pains and Trouble therein as the said Lord Mayor, Court of Aldermen and Common Councillor concerning shall appoint, and no more. Spices, s Amt.

c. 7. / 6. 9

Ann. C 6. f. 59. 10 Ann. C 26. f. 45. 6 Ga. 1. C 21. /. 45. 8 Geo. 1. c. 15. /. 15, and 8 Geo. 1. c. 18. /. 21.

IV. And whereas the Profits of the said Office are Part of the Revenues and Incomes of the City of.

London, and are now let by Lease to William Stewart, under the Rent of three hundred Pounds per Annum, the Profits of which Office, and the Right of the said William Stewart to the same, by repealing

the said Act will be very much diminished Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and Brokers on their

after the Determination of this present Session of Parliament, all Persons that shall act as Brokers within ad' ch t "pay

the City of London and Liberties thereof, shall from time to time be admitted so to do by the Court °schamberlain°of

Mayor and Aldermen of the said City for the Time being, under such Restrictions and Limitations for London.

their honest and good Behaviour as that Court shall think fit and reasonable, and shall upon such their Ad 13 E. 1. ft. 5.

million pay to the Chamberlain of the said City for the time being, for the Uses herein after mentioned,

the Sum of Forty Shillings, and hall also yearly pay to the said Uses the Sum of Forty Shillings upon and also 40s. on the nine and twentieth Day of September in every Year; all which Moneys shall in the first Place be ap9 Sept. yearly.

plied for and towards the paying and satisfying to the said William Stewart the Sum of nine hundred sixty.

seven Pounds and ten Shillings, for a Compensation for his Interest in the said Office; and that from and after the full Payment of the said Sum of nine hundred sixty seven Pounds and ten Shillings to the said How the said

William Stewart, all the Moneys arising by such Admissions and yearly Payments, shall go to, and be en Moneys Hull be

joyed by the said Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City of London; and that from and after appliei3,

the Determination of this present Sessions of Parliament, the said Lease to the said William Stewart, and.

every Clause therein contained, shall cease, determine, and be absolutely void.

V. And be it further enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons from and af Penalty on Perter the Determination of this present Sessions of Parliament, shall take upon him to act as a Broker, or.son aqing as a employ any other under him to act as such, within the said City and Liberties, not being admitted as afore Broker without said, every such Person so offending, 'shall forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Mayor and Commonalty Admittance, and Citizens of the said City, for every such Offence, the Sum of five and twenty Pounds, to be reco ^z^tonarnhe v'ered by Action of Debt, in the Name of the Chamberlain of the said City, in any of her Majesty's Courts srck'°s"c 10 Ann. of Record, in which no Protection, Essoin, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one r. j5. 'f. izi.

I' Imparlance. 6 G. 1. C 18.

CAP. XVII 3 Get, a.

An Act for afiuring to the English Company trading to the East Indies, on Account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned, and for raising thereby the Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

I. O S T gracious Sovereign; Whereas in and by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of Preamble re ivl our late Sovereign Lord King W illtam the Third (of glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for citing the Act raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds forft»bl'/hing per Centum per Annum, and for settling a Trade to the East Indies, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, lhe east-india That all the Moneys arising by the several Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, and upon stamped Vellum,

A Parchment, and Paper, in the said Act mentioned, should be brought and paid into the Receipt of the C 44.

Exchequer yearly and every Year, reckoning the first Year to begin from the nine and twentieth Day of 1 ann.fi. ir.

P p 2.*September c. 3-

292 C 17. Anno sexto Annje Reginae. A.D. 1707.

September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and that one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, of the Moneys to arise by the said several Duties, and to be brought into the Exchequer by weekly or other Payments, in case the same Payments should extend thereunto, should be the whole and entire yearly Fund, and in case the same weekly or other Payments should not extend to one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, then the said weekly Moneys or Payments, so far as the same should extend,

should be Part of the yearly Fund, for and towards the answering and paying of the Annuities of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Persons or Corporations as should subscribe and pay in their Mo ' nies upon the Terms of the said Act: And it is thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful for his Majesty, by Commission under the then great Seal of England, to authorise and appoint any Number of Persons to take and receive all such voluntary Subscriptions as should be made on or be fore the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety-eight, by or for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate (the Governor and Company of the Bank of England only excepted j of any Sum of Money whatsoever, not less than one hundred Pounds, for and towards the raising and paying into the Receipt of the Exchequer, the Sum of two millions of Pounds Sterling: And it was therein further enacted, That during the Time thereby limited for:

taking the said Subscriptions, it should and might be lawful to and for all and every Person and Persons,

Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by or for themselves, or any of them, or intrust for any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, or any of them (except as aforesaid)

freely to subscribe any Sum of Money not less than one Hundred Pounds, for or towards the said Sum ' of two Millions; and that all Moneys so to be subscribed should be answered and paid in such Manner and Form as in the said Act is expressed: it was thereby further enacted, ordained, and declared,

That every Person and Body Politic, who should subscribe as aforesaid, and be named or contained in such Book or Books as are therein mentioned, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors, Administrators, Sue'

cessors, and Assigns respectively, should have, receive, and enjoy for ever, out of the Fund by the said Act settled and provided, one Annuity or certain yearly Sum, for the whole Sum by him, her, or them subscribed, according to the Rate or Proportion of Eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, in the Manner thereby prescribed: And it is thereby further enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for her said late Majesty, by Letters Patents under the then Great Seal of England, to incorporate all and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who should subscribe,

or for whom Subscription should be taken, and upon whose Subscriptions such Payments should be made,

as is therein expressed, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, or by any other lawful Title, derived or to be derived from, by, or under the said original Subscribers, at any Time or Times thereafter, should have or be intituled to any Part, Share, or Interest, of or in the said yearly Fund, so long as they respectively should have any such Part, Share, or Interest therein, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the

9 & 10 W. 3. ' Name of, The General Society intituled to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament, for advancing a Sum

44* ' not exceeding two Millions, for the Service of the Crown of England, with such Succession, Capacity, and

Powers as in the said Act is mentioned; and in such Charters or Letters Patents, such further Rules,

Powers, and Clauses for carrying on Trade, and pursuing the Ends and Intent of the said Act, were to be inserted, as should be lawfully and reasonably desired in that Behalf: And it was thereby further en added, That in cte the said whole Sum of two Millions, or one Moiety, or any greater Part of the said Sum of two Millions should be subscribed, as aforesaid, on or before the said nine and twentieth Day of

September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, that then, and from thenceforth, all and every the

Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, by or for whom such Sub ' feriptions should be made, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, or by any other lawful Title derived or to be derived from, by, or under the said original Subscribers at any Time or Times thereafter, should have or be en titled to any Part, Share, or Interest of and in the said yearly Fund, and of and in a proportional Part of the principal Stock of the said General Society, so long as they respectively should continue to have any Part, Share, or Interest therein, and all and every Person and Persons, who for any Time should beli censed by such Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to trade in the Head of them, should,

or lawfully might for ever thereafter, by themselves severally, or by such Factors, Agents, or Servants as they severally should think fit to entrust, freely traffick, and use the Trade of Merchandise into and from the East Indies, and Parts or Limits in the said Act mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Pro ' portions, and subject to such Reitrielions as in the said Act are expressed: it was further thereby enacted, That if the said whole Sum of two Millions, or one Moiety, or any greater Part thereof,

should be subscribed on or before the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred ninety-eight, and all or any Corporations, or other Person or Persons, having particular Shares or Interests in the said principal Stock of the said General Society, or in proportionable Annuities or yearly Payments Bluing out of the said yearly Fund, should be willing and desirous to unite and join to gether such their several Shares and Interests, and to be incorporated, so as they might be able to manage their Trade (in Proportion to their Interests) as a Company, and by a'joint Stock, that then it should I ' and might be lawful for his said late Majesty, by Letters Patents under the then Great Seal of England,

to incorporate all such Persons and Corporations, by such proper Names as he should think, fit, to be: ' one Company, with Power to manage and carry on their Trade to the East Indies, and other the LI ' mits in the said Act mentioned, by a Joint Stock, and to have perpetual Succession, and a. Common Seal, with Power to grant and take, lue and be sued, and to choose their own Managers, Directors and Officers from time to time, and such other Powers and Clauses as should be necessary or requisite for the carrying on of such Trade, and should be reasonable for his said late Majesty to grant, neverthe

less

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annai Reginae. C 17. 293

less with such Restrictions as in the said Act is mentioned; and the Directors and Managers, and other Members of such Company, were to be subject to such further Rules, Qualifications and Appointments, as his said late Majesty in such "Charter should think necessary or reasonable to be inserted: in the Taid Act there is contained a Proviso or Condition of Redemption in such Manner and Form as therein, and hereafter in this present Act are expressed: it is also thereby enacted, That in case the Duties arising or appropriated by the said Act, should at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year, to be reckoned from the nine and twentieth Day of September, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand six hundred ninety and nine, the weekly Payments upon the same Duties should not amount to so much as should be sufficient to discharge and satisfy the several and respective Benefits, yearly Payments or Advantages by the said Act appointed or intended to be paid, within or for the same Year respectively; every such Case, every such Deficiency should be answered by or out of the next Aids to be raised and granted by Parliament in the Manner therein mentioned: As by the said Act of Parliament, in which are contained diverse other Powe s, provisoes, Authorities, Privileges, and Clauses, (Relation being thereunto had) more fully and large' it doth and may appear: And whereas in Pursuance of the said Act, His said late Majesty, by a commission under the then Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westmlnjhr the fourteenth Day of July intenth Year of his Reign, did authorise several Persons therein named, to be Commissioners, with Power to take Subscriptions for and towards the raising and paying the said Sum of two Millions, as by the said Commission, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas it appeared by Duplicates transmitted into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of his said la Majesty's Exchequer, that several Sums amounting in the whole to the said Sum of two Millions of Pounds Sterling, were subscribed pursuant to the said Act: And whereas the said whole Sum of two Millions was entirely answered to his Majesty's Use: whereas by a Charter under the Great Seal of England, bearing Charter dated 3 Date at Westminster the third Day of September in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, his Sept. 10w, 3. Majesty created and established the said Corporation, or Body Politic, called, The General Society enti The General tied to the Advantages given by an Act of Parliament, for advancing a Sum not exceeding two Millions, for the Soc, tlj service of the Crown of England, with such Powers, Privileges, and Benefits as are therein expressed: 9 & 10 w 3 and whereas by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date at Westminster the fifth chtner 5 Sept. Day of September in the said tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, reciting. That the Subscribers towards the said Sum of two Millions therein particularly named and expressed, were willing and desirous to unite or join together their several Shares or Interests in the principal Stock of the said General Society, or in their proportionable Annuities, or yearly Payments issuing out of the said yearly Funds, and to be incorporated so as they might be able to manage their Trade in Proportion to their Interest, as a Company and by a Joint Stock, his said late Majesty did grant, ordain, and establish, that the Subscribers therein particularly named, and every of them, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, or by any other lawful Title, derived, or to be derived from, by or under the same Subscribers, should have and be intituled to any Part, Share, or Interest of or in the said yearly Fund by the said Act settled, as aforesaid, or of or in the proportionable Annuities or yearly Payments issuing out of the said yearly Fund, so long as they respectively should have any such Part, Share, or Interest therein, to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies, with such Benefit of Trade, englkfc cm powers, Privileges, and Advantages, and subject to such Restrictions, Conditions, Covenants and agree p^ny"a<i'ng to ments, as are therein expressed And whereas by another Act of Parliament madein the eleventh Year of his w'"

said late majesty's Reign, reciting, That John Dubois, of London, Merchant, had, by Direction of, and in a private Trust for the Corporation of the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the East Act.

Indies, subscribed and paid the Sum of three hundred and fifteen thousand Pounds, as Part of the said Sum of two Millions, it was enabled, That the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, should remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politic by the Name aforesaid, subject nevertheless to be determined upon the Redemption of the Fund by the said Act granted:

And whereas by an Indenture tripartite, bearing Date the two and twentieth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and two', made between your Majesty of the first Part, the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies of the second Part, and the Englisho Company trading to the East Indies of the third Part, it was (amongst other Things) agreed, with your majesty's Approbation, that the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, should purchase from the Members of the said Evgiifo Company so much of their Capital Stock as would make the Property of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies equal to the Property which would then remain to the other Members of the said English Company trading to the East Indies, and that the whole Trade which might or should be carried on during the Term of seven Years, to be reckoned from the Date of that Indenture, to and from the East Indies, and other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, for or in respect of their several Stocks and Funds thereby agreed to be united, should be for the Benefit and Behoof of all the Members of the said English Company trading to the East Indies, proportionable to their Shares in the'

Capital or principal Stock thereof; and that the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the eajj indies, should have a Right and Power equal to the rest of the Members of the said English Company, in the Direction, Management, and carrying on of the said Trade, during the said Term of seven Years, and that after the End or Expiration of the said Term of seven Years, the whole Trade to the East Indies, and other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, for or in respect of their united Stock and Fund, should for ever (subject to the Redemption of the said Fund by Parliament) be wholly managed and carried on by the said English Company trading to the

294 C 17. Anno sexto anne Regmse. A.D. 1707.

Engl Company 10' advance 1, 200, 000 1.

Times of Payment.

On nonpayment Company may be sued, C

Company may brrrow

1, 500, 0001. on their Common sel.

The two Companies may call in Moneys for advancing 1, 200, 0001.

Or for repaying the Moneys borrowed,

East Indies (by whatsoever Name the same should then be called) according to the said Charter of the fifth of September in the said tenth Year of his said iate majesty's Reign, and not otherwise: And to that End and Purpose, many Covenants, Conditions, and Agreements were contained in the said In 4 denture, as by the same, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas the united Stock of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies,

and of all the rest of the Members of the said Englisho Company trading to the East Indies, in their own Names, or in the Names of others in Trust for them, doth at this Time amount to one million nine hundred ninety-two thousand eight hundred Pounds, Part of the Sum of two Millions before mentioned; and their united Fund doth amount to one hundred fifty-nine thousand four hundred twen ry four Pounds per Annum, Part of the Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum be fore mentioned: And as well the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, as the rest of the Members of the said English Company trading to the East Indies, are willing to advance to your Majesty, in manner herein after mentioned, for carrying on the present War, and other your majesty's necessary Occasions, a further Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, upon such Terms, Conditions, and Advantages as are hereafter expressed and set down Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in' 4 Parliament assembled, being desirous not only to supply your Majesty with such Aids as may enable your Majesty to carry on the said War with Vigour, but also to raise the same in such a Manner as may create no new Charge upon your Subjects, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said English Company trading to the East Indies, as well for and on the Behalf of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, as for and on the Behalf of all others the Members of the said English Company, shall advance and actually pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, by such Proportions, and at such Times as are herein after appointed for the Payment thereof (that is to say) Two hundred thousand Pounds, Part thereof on or before the twelfth Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; two hundred thousand Pounds more thereof, on or before the twelfth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eight; two hundred thousand Pounds more thereof, on or before the eleventh Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eight; two hundred thousand Pounds more thereof, on or before the twelfth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and eight; two hundred thousand Pounds more thereof, on or before the twelfth Day of January one thousand seven hundred and eight; and two hundred thousand Pounds more thereof, and in' full Satisfaction of the said twelve hundred thousand Pounds on or before the tenth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; and in case the said englisho Company trading to the East Indies, shall make Failure in any of the said Payments hereby appointed to be made, at or before the respective Days or Times before limited in that Behalf, the Moneys whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to her Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at jfefininfer, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or anymore than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, That the said English Company trading to the East Indies, are indebted to her Majesty the Monies' of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, there' shall be further recovered to her Majesty's Use, against the said English Company trading to the East Indies, Damages after the Rate of twelve Pounds per Centum, for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Costs of Suit; and the said English Company trading to the East Indies, and their successors, and the said united Stock and Fund shall be and are hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

II. And for the better enabling the said English Company trading to the East Indies, to raise and pay the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds to her Majesty's Use as aforesaid, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Common Seal of the said English Company, now in the Hands of the Managers for the united Trade of the English Company trading to the East Indies, shall and may be made Use of to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money from time to time, upon Account of the said united Stock and Fund, so as the Sum Total of all the principal Moneys which at any one Time shall be owing upon the Security of the said Seal, do not exceed one million five hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the Moneys which might lawfully be borrowed thereupon before the making of this present A eft.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the General Court of the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, and the General Court of the said English Company trading to the East Indies at any Time or Times whilst they shall separately continue, shall think fit, or if the General Court of the said englisho Company, after the Determination of the other General Court aforesaid, hall think fit to call in Moneys from their respective Adventurers or Members, for or towards the raising the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds to be advanced to her Majesty's Use, or any Part thereof, or for repaying the Moneys borrowed for that Purpose, or the Interest thereof, that then it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading into the East Indies, and the said English Company trading to the East Indies respectively, at any Time or Times during the separate Continuance of their General Courts, as aforesaid, and afterwards to and for the said Englisho Company trading to the East Indies, by whatsoever Name or Names the same shall then be called or known, to call in, or direct to be paid unto them respectively,

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann, Reginae. C 17. 295

from and by their respective Adventurers and Members for the Time being, proportionably, any Sum and Sums of Money which shall from time to time be so thought fit, for or towards the making up the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds to be advanced to her Majesty's Use as aforesaid, or for repaying the Moneys borrowed for that Purpose, or the Interest thereof; and that all Executors, Admini Executors, C strators, Guardians, and Trustees, shall be indemnified in paying the same; and in case any Adven >n<leinn, fed. turers or Members of the said respective Corporations, ball neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Shares of the Moneys so called in, at the Time or Times appointed for that Purpose, by Notice to be fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, or in case any Adventurer or Adventurers, Member or Members of the said respective Corporations, shall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share of the Moneys which the said Companies, or either of them, shall (in pursuance of the said first recited Act, and their respective Charters, or any or either of them) call in, for the carrying on of their Trade, at the Time or Times appointed for that Purpose, by the like Notice as aforesaid; and in either of the said Cases, it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, and the said English Company trading to the East Indies respectively, and their remembers refo spective Successors, not only to flop the Share or Dividends which shall from time to time become pay fir>stop*y.com able to such Adventurer or Adventurers, Member or Members, so neglecting or refusing, of the Fund, a/idellds Stock, or Profits of the said respective Companies, and to apply the same from time to time for or toc wards Payment of the Share of the Money so called in, and which ought to have been paid by such Adventurer or Adventurers, Member or Members so neglecting or refusing to pay the same, until the same shall be satisfied, but also to flop the Transfers of the Shares of every such Defaulter, and to charge f'nd j1)1'/1, !1' such Defaulter and Defaulters with an Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for (vs]t°rsuc e the Moneys so by him and them neglected to be paid, from the Time the same were appointed to and Charge them be paid until the Payment thereof; and the Share and Stock of such Defaulter and Defaulters shall with interest ac be liable to make good and answer the said Moneys so appointed to be paid, and the Interest thereof; 6). percent, and that in case the Principal and Interest shall not be paid within the Space of three Months, then the ^hreemomhs said Governor and Company, and the said English Company, and their Successors respectively as afore company may said, shall have Power to sell so much of the Stock of such Defaulter or Defaulters as will satisfy and feu. y pay the same.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of twelve hundred thou, to

sand Pounds agreed to be advanced and paid, as aforesaid, shall be and be called, deemed, and taken to be a further ad be a further Addition to the capital Stock of the said English Company, and shall be, and is hereby ex dition to ihe ca empted from any Taxes, Rates, Impositions, or Assessments whatsoever. pital Stock, and

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the united Stock and Fund of the said tax free.

English Company, and their Successors, by whatsoever Name or Names they dial] be called or known, The united Stock shall be and are by this present Act made subject and liable to the Payment and Satisfaction of all such

as are or shall be contrasted by the same Company, for or upon Account of the said united A if "rj^- Stock or Trade.

VI. And whereas by the said former Acts and Charters it was provided, That at any Time, upon For encouraging three Years Notice, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and l, v "o carry ua eleven, upon Repayment of the said two millions, and all Arrears of the said Annuities or yearly Pay their Trade.

merits, the said Duties upon Salt, and Rock Salt, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the said yearly fund charged thereupon, and the said Annuities issuing out of the same,

and the Duty of five Pounds in the Hundred on imported Goods therein expressed, and all the corpora tions to be erefled by or in pursuance of that Act, and the Benefit of Trade thereby given or intended to be given to them or any of them, shall absolutely cease and determine; 'Now, to the Intent, that the said English Company, and their Successors, may be encouraged to proceed in their Trade, and may have Time to settle Factories, and perform such other Matters and Things as are necessary for carrying on the said Trade to their bed Advantage and Profit, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the last mentioned Proviso for Redemption and Determination of the said several Duties, Former Proviso yearly Fund, Annuities, Corporations, and Benefit of Trade, shall be, and is hereby repealed and made for Redemption void; and that the said Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parch retealed ment and Paper, and the said Duty of five Pounds in the Hundred upon imported Goods, shall continue, See 3 Geo. a. and the said English Company trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, by whatsoever Name or C 14. §. n. names they shall be called or known, shall have and enjoy the said yearly Sum of one hundred fifty-nine thousand four hundred twenty-four Pounds per Annum, and all the Benefit of Trade, Franchises, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, in respect thereof given or granted, or intended to be given or granted unto them by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or by the 9 & 10 W. 3. said Charter of the fifth Day of septe?nber in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or by the C 44 said Indenture Tripartite of the two and twentieth Day of Jidy one thousand seven hundred and two, and every or any of them, freed and discharged of and from the said former Proviso, or Condition of Redemption, and all other Provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters, or Things heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said Duties, yearly Fund, Benefit of Trade,

Franchises, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to the Restrictions, Subiofl never covenants, and Agreements in the said Act first recited, and the said recited Charters and Indenture Tri theless, See, partite, or any of them contained, now in Force, and also subject to the general Provisoes or Condition of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained.

VII. And whereas several Persons who did subscribe, or do derive under Persons who did subscribe several Sums, amounting in the whole to seven thousand two hundred Pounds, Part or the said two

296 C 17

A.D. 1707.

Separate Stock Confirmed.

Anno sexto Ann Reginsc.

millions, are in respect thereof, intituled to five hundred seventy six Pounds per Annum, Part of the said Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, and to a proportional Part of the Trade to the east Indies, and other the Parts aforesaid, have not united their Stock and Fund to the Stock and Fund of the said Corporations empowered to trade by a Joint Stock, as aforesaid, but do by themselves, or others by them licensed, carry on their Trade for their own separate ufe and Accounts It is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Persons intituled to the said Stock, amounting to seven thousand two hundred Pounds, their Executors, Administrators and Alligns, shall and may peaceably and quietly have, hold, and enjoy their said Proportion of the said yearly Fund and Trade, as fully and effectually as they might have done if this Act had never been made; nevertheless it shall and may be lawful to and for the said English Company, and their Successors, at any Time

payment, C terested therein, or intituled thereunto, at the End of three Years after such Notice given; and in case the said English Company, at the End of the said three Years, do fully pay and satisfy to such Persons the said Sum of seven thousand two hundred Pounds at the guild hall of London, together with all Arrears (if any) of the said yearly Sum of five hundred seventy six Pounds, which shall be then due to the said Persons respectively, then, and upon such Payment made, or lawful Tender thereof, the said Stock of seven thousand two hundred Pounds, and the proportional Trade and Fund belonging thereunto, shall be, and are The said separate by virtue of this Act, veiled and settled in the said English Company, and their Successors; never stuck shall be theless to the general Proviso or Condition of Redemption hereafter in this Act contained, and to no other Proviso or Condition of Redemption whatsoever; anything in this Act contained, or any other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the before mentioned Duty of five Pounds per Centum, for or in respect only of such Goods and Merchandizes as shall be imported into Great Britain by the said English Company trading to the East Indies, from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall cease, determine, and be no longer collected or pffd; anything in this, or in the said first recited Act, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon three Years Notice, after the five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and upon Repayment by Parliament, as well of the said Sum of two Millions formerly advanced, as of the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds to be advanced, as aforesaid, making in the whole three Millions and two hundred thousand Pounds, unto such Companies, Corporations, or Persons as shall be then intituled thereunto, and of all Arrears which at the End of the said three Years shall be due for or upon the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annutn, then, and from thenceforth, as well the said Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, as the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and also the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, and all the Corporations erected by or in pursuance of this or the said former acts, and the Benefit of Trade by this and the said former acts and Charters, or any of them, given, or intended to be given to them or any of them, shall absolutely cease and determine; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

X Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein contained, shall not be deemed, taken, or construed to repeal or alter an Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late King Willi am the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled An act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the Manufactures of this Kingdom, or any Clause, Matter or Thing therein contained; but that the said Act, and every Clause, Matter, or Thing therein contained, shall Hand, remain, and be in full effect and Force, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if this Act had never been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, upon any Importa

-. of any Goods or Merchandizes by the said English Company trading to the East Indies, it shall and bondaor Gouds lnay lawful fr the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs for the Time being, and they are hereby

vested in the English Company.

Duty of 5l. percent, after 29 Sept. 1714, to cease.

9 & 10 W. 3. C 44.

After 25 March 1726, upon 3 Years Notice, and Repayment, C Corporation to cease.

Repealed by 10 Anns;, C 28.

3 Geo. 2. c. 14.

Not to repeal 1 & 12 W. 3

From 2 5 March 11708. custom linufe may take

imported.

In order to a complete Union,

required from time to time to take one or more Bond or Bonds, under the common Seal of the said English Company, for all such of the Customs and Duties chargeable and to be charged on the Goods and Merchandizes so to be imported, as are Bondable, or for which Bonds have usually been given; any Law. Statute, or Provision to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And whereas the Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, ' and the rest of the Members of the English Company trading to the East Indies, are desirous that a speedy and complete Union may be had and perfected, pursuant to the before mentioned Indenture Tripartite,

and have agreed to refer all Matters in Difference concerning the same, and the compleatkig the said

*'unto the final Determination of the Right Honourable Sidney Earl of Godolphin, Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Matters in Difference between the said Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, and the rest of the Members of the said English Company, and the settling the Terms of, and perfecting and completing the said Union, shall be, and is hereby referred to the Judgement, Award, and

3 ',a13!

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annje Reginae. C 18. 297

final Determination of the said Sidney Earl of Godolphin, to proceed upon and settle the Terms and Con al Differences ditions of the same, as his Lordship mail think fit, so as the whole be made, settled, perfected, and com referred to the pleated on or before the twenty-ninth Day September in the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, earlofcodol by Writing attested under his lordship's Hand and Seal; which said Award being so made and settled^within the Time aforesaid, shall in all Parts thereof be binding and conclusive, as well to the said ^sd'sward tob; Governor and Company of Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, as to the rest of the n's laid Members of the said Englisho Company, and shall be by them complied with, and submitted to accordingly.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and After futh after the making of the said Award, and Surrender of the Charter of the said Governor and Company of Award, C Merchants of London trading into the East Indies, in pursuance to the said Indenture Tripartite, then the united Trad persons who, at the Time of such Surrender, shall in pursuance of the same Indenture be the Managers Dire"'for the united Trade of the English Company trading to the East Indies, and none others, shall be the tors, C till Directors' of the said English Company, (which Company shall then be called, The united Company of Mtr new ones be chants of England trading to the East Indies) until such Time as new Directors shall be chosen for the cho: cn same, in pursuance of the said Charter, bearing Date the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this present Act, and the Acts herein Acts, C to bs

before recited, and all Parts thereof, shall be cor.strued, adjudged, and taken to be public Acts to all puback Acts. Intents and Purposes whatsoever. Farther Prmsi

Jions relating to

East India Company, 10 Ann. C 28. 5 Geo. I. C 21.. 7 Geo. 2. c. 5 6? 21.9 Geo. 1. c. 26, 3 Geo. 2. c. 14 20. 12 Geo. 2. c. 22* 17 Geo. 2. c. 17.

27 Geo. 2. c. 9. 1 Geo. 3. c. 14.

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for the more effectual Discovery of the Death of Persons pretended to be alive, to the Prejudice, of those who claim Estates after their Deaths.

I. WHEREAS diverse Persons, as Guardians and Trustees for Infants, and Husbands in Right of i$cjr.z. c. 6.

V'V their Wives, and other Persons having Estates or Interests determinable upon a Life or Lives,

have continued to receive their Rents and Profits of such Lands after the Determination of their said particular estates.or Interests: whereas the Proof of the Death of the Persons, on whose Lives such particular Estates or Interests depended, is very difficult, and several Persons have been, and may be thereby defrauded; 'For Remedy whereof, and for preventing such fraudulent Practises, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That any Person claiming Person or Persons who hath or shall have any Claim or Demand in or to any Remainder, Reversion, or Estate in Re expectancy, in or to any Estate after the Death of any Person within Age, married Woman, or any other mamder, C af person whatsoever, upon Affidavit made in the High Court of Chancery, by the Persons so claiming such mir married Estate, of his or her Title, and that he or she hath Cause to believe that such Minor, married Woman, Woman Scc. on or other Person is dead, and that his or her Death is concealed by such Guardian, Trustee, Hufoand, or Affidavit, C any other Person, shall and may once a Year, if the Person aggrieved shall think fit, move the Lord that he bath Chancellor, Keeper, or Commissioners for the Custody of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the Time being, to order, and they are hereby authorised and required to order such Guardian, Trustee, Husband, isudea<j ^ord C or other Person, concealing or suspected to conceal such Person, at such Time and Place as the said chancellor to Court shall direct, on personal or other due Service of such Order, to produce and show to such Person cause such mi and Persons, (not exceeding two) as shall in such Order be named by the Party or Parties prosecuting nor, C to be such Order, such Minor, married Woman, or other Persons aforesaid; and if such Guardian, Trustee, l>r0<jucc<, > &c' Husband, or such other Person, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to produce or show such Infant, mar Guardian, C ripd Woman, or such other Person, on whose Life any such Estate doth depend, according' to the Di duceiuchlitant reftions of the said Order, That then the Court of Chancery is hereby authorised and required to order such Guardian, Trustee, Husband, or other Person, to produce such Minor, married "Woman, or other Person concealed, in the said Court of Chancery, or otherwise before Commissioners to be appointed by the said Court, at such Time and Place as the Court shall direct, two of which Commissioners shall be nominated by the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order, at his, her, or their Costs. and Charges; and in case such Guardian, Trustee, Husband, or other Person, shall refuse or neglect to produce such Infant, married Woman, 'or other Person so concealed, in the Court of Chancery, or before such Commissioners, whereof Return shall be made by such Commissioners, and that Iheturn filed in the Petty Bag Office, in either or any of the said Cases, the said Minor, married Woman, or such other Person so con Party so conrol cealed, shall be taken to be dead, and it shall be lawful for any Person claiming any Right, Title or Inc, obf ta! "; n co terest in Remainder or Reversion, or otherwise after the Death of such Infant, married Woman, or such claimant*» other Persons so concealed, as aforesaid, to enter upon such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as if enter on Land, such Infant, married Woman, or other Person so concealed, were actually dead. CII

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall appear to the said Court by On Affidavit that Affidavit, that such Minor, married Woman, or other Person for whose Life such Estate is held, is. Minor, cis been lately was at some certain Place beyond the Seas in the said Affidavit to be mentioned, it shall and may p0D<3 Sca, guim be lawful for the Party or Parties prosecuting such Order, as aforesaid, at his, her, or their Costj and overl person^to Charges, to send oyer one or both the said Persons appointed by the said Order, to view such Minor, view such Minor

2g8 C ig. Anno sexto anne Reginae. A.D. 1707.

married Woman, or other Person for whose Life any such Estate is held; and in case such Guardian, Trustee, Husband, or other Person concealing or suspected to conceal such Persons as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglect to produce or procure to be produced to such Person or Persons, a personal View of such Infant, married Woman, or other Person for whose Life any such Estate is held, That then and in such Case such Person or Persons are hereby required to make a true Return of such Refusal or Neglect to the Court of Chancery, which Return shall be filed in the Petty Bag Office, and thereupon such Minor, married Woman, or other Person for whose Life any such Estate is held, shall be taken to be dead; and it shall be lawful for any Person claiming any Plight, Title, or Interest, in Remainder, reversion, or otherwise after the Death of such Infant, married Woman, or other Person for whose Life any such Estate is held, to enter upon such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, as if such Infant, married Woman, or other Person for whose Life any such Estate is held, were actually dead.

If Infant, &c.

III. Provided always, That if it shall afterwards appear upon Proof, in any Action to be brought,

alive, after Or that such Infant, married Woman, or other Person for whose Life any such Estate is held, were alive dermade, such the Time Gf such Order made, That then it shall be lawful for such Infant, married Woman, guar ie entw.<^an' or ri rustee, or other Person having any estate or Interest, determinable upon such Life, tore enter upon the said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and for such Infant, married Woman, or other Person, having any Estate or Interest determinable upon such Life, their Executors, administrators or Assigns, to maintain an Action against those who, since the said Order, received the Profits of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or their Executors or Administrators, and therein to recover full Damages for the Profits of the same received, from the Time that such Infant, married Woman, or other Person, having any Estate or Interest determinable upon such Life, were ousted of the Possession of such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments.

If Guardian, CIV. Provided always, That if any such Guardian, Trustee, Husband, or other Person or Persons, prove that he holding or having any Estate or Interest determinable upon the Life or Lives of any other Person or Per endeavolrs 'to ons shall by Affidavit or otherwise, to the Satisfaction of the said Court of Chancery, make appear. That procure such in be, fly, or they have used his, her, or their utmost Endeavours to procure such Infant, married wo fant to appear, man, or other Person or Persons, on whose Life or Lives such Estate or Interest doth depend, to appear and that he waa in the said Court of Chancery, or elsewhere, according to the Order of the said Court in that Behalf made, then living, C an(j that he, she, or they cannot procure or compel such Infant, married Woman, or other Person or Persons so to appear, and that such Infant, married Woman, or other Person or Persons, on whose Life or Lives such Estate or Interest doth depend, is, are, or were living at the Time of such Return made continue^nvof. an bled as aforesaid, then it shall be lawful for. such Person or Persons to continue in the Possession of session" ec Estate, and receive the Rents and Profits thereof for and during the Infancy of such Infant, and the Life or Lives of such married Woman, or other Person or Persons, on whose Life or Lives such e state or Interest doth or shall depend, as fully as he, she, or they might have done if this Act had not been made.

Guardian, &c. V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who, as Guardian or a fter [fewr min a Trustee fr any Infant, and every Plufband seized in Right of his Wife only, and every other Person ha ti ofvifeof* vn any Estate determinable upon any Life or Lives, who after the Determination of such particular E minor, cad states or Interests, without the express Consent of him, her, or them, who are or shall be next and im judged Trespaf mediately intituled upon and after the Determination of such particular Estates or Interests, shall hold over and continue in Possession of any Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall be and are hereby adjudged to be Trespassers; and that every Person and Persons, his, her, and their Heirs, C may Executors and Administrators, who are or shall be intituled to any such Manors, Messuages, Lands, te recoverdamages. nements, and Hereditaments, upon or after the Determination of such particular Estates or Interests, shall and may recover in Damages against every such Person or Persons so holding over as aforesaid, and against his, her, or their Executors, or Administrators, the full Value of the Profits received during such wrongful Possession as aforesaid.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for continuing the Half Subsidies therein mentioned, with several Impositions and other Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for charging of Prize Goods and Seizures, and for taking off the Drawbacks of foreign Cordage, and to obviate the clandestine Importation of wrought Silks.

II. Car. i. C 4.

I. O S T gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons jlvj. of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, duly considering the Necessity of making an ample and complete Provision to enable your Majesty to carry on the present War, and to defray your other necessary Expenses, have for that End and Purpose chearfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty, the several and respective Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties herein after particularly described, for and during the Terms herein after expressed, that is to say. Whereas several Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and other Merchandizes, were given and granted unto his late Majesty King Charles the Second, of Blessed Memory, for his Life, by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his Reign, (entitled, A Subfdy granted to the King of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported) and by the Book of Rates thereunto annexed, which Subsidies

of

299

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginae. C 19.

of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchan dizes, as well exported as imported, (with same Alterations) were by several subsequent Acts of Parliament granted to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten; and by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing 5 Anne, 17.

several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making Provisions therein mentioned, to raise Money by Way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for ascertaining the Wine Mcafire, the said Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums ofmo ney last mentioned, were enacted to continue and be payable to your Majesty, for and upon all Wines,

Goods, and Merchandizes, which should be imported at any Time or Times between the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten, and the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, do mull humbly beseech your majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That over and above all other Subsidies, additional Duties, Half Subfile Impositions, and Payments whatsoever, by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise continued from howsoever already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty, for or upon any Wines, 3* sub71Z-to Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, imported or to be imported, there shall be raised, levied, collected, made^perpetu al paid, and satisfied unto her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon all Wines, Goods, and Mer by 7 Anns, C 7. chandizes, which at any Time or Times from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hun §. 29. dred and twelve, and before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, one Moiety or Half Part of such and the like several and respective Except Good mbfidies, Duties, and Sums of Money, as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign are exempted by for charged or payable within or during the Term thereby granted or limited, for or upon the like imported mer acts wines, Goods, and Merchandizes respectively, except such Goods and other Merchandizes as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any Law now in force are exempted from the Payment of the Subsidies or Duties which were first granted in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King izcar. C 4. Charles the Second as aforesaid.

II. And it is hereby enacted, That in all Cases where by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's 5 Anne. 27.

Reign, or by any Act relating thereunto, any drawbacks^or Abatements are to be made of the whole or ^ksrtfcda?w* any Part of the Duties thereby imposed on any Wines, Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, there shall ea"

be in the like Cases proportional Drawbacks and Abatements made of the whole or Part of the Duties

by this Act imposed upon the same Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes respectively; that the several Subsidies and Duties by this Act granted, during the Continuance thereof, shall be raised, collected, levied, secured and paid, within and throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, by the same Ways, Means, Former Power and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances, and subject to such revived.

Rules and Directions, as in and by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts therein referred unto, are prescribed or appointed, for the raising, collecting, levying, securing, and paying the find Subsidies and Duties granted by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, during the Continuance thereof; and that every Article, Rule, and Clause contained in the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, or thereby referred unto, for raising, collecting, levying, securing, and paying the said Subsidies and Duties thereby granted, during the Continuance thereof, are and shall be, by force of this Act, revived, and hall be used, exercised, and put in Practice for the raising, levying, collecting, and answering the Subsidies and Duties granted or imposed by this present Act, during the Continuance thereof, and all Arrearages of the same, from Time to Time, as fully and effectually as if the same Articles, Rules and Clauses, and every of them, were again particularly and at large recited and re enacted in the Body of this present Act, except only as to such of the said Articles, Rules, and Clauses, touching which other Provisions, Alterations, or Exemptions are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Being, which other Provisions,

Alterations, or Exemptions, shall be observed with Respect to the Duties hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, in the same Manner as they are to be observed with Respect to the said Subsidies formerly granted as aforesaid.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Impositions and Duties Duties on Wines upon Wines and Vinegar, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King and vinegarcon james the Second (entitled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upoti all jvines and Vinegar tinue<i fro 31 imported between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five and the twenty-fourth Day j17' to 1 of June one thousand six hundred ninety three) which said Act, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, ji; "

since made, was continued, and is to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall, by Virtue of this Act, be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and no longer; and that the said Act so made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James the Second, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, for or concerning the said Impositions on Wines and Vinegar, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and shall be applied, practised, and executed for raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties upon Wine and Vinegar hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of the said King James the Second contained, had been again in this Act repeated and particularly enacted.

q_qz*IV. And,

3°°

Duties on Tobacco contioned to i Aug, 1714, 1 Jac. C 4.

And to be levied, cas by 7 & S W. 3. C 10,

Old Import continued to 1 August 1714.

wm. ir.

C 4.

all Powers, Provisions, C in 2, W. & M. IT. 2, C 4, and 7

8 W. 3. C 10. to be observed.

Exception

7 & 8 W. 3, C 10.

Additional Import continued to 1 Aug. 1714.

4 & 5 W. & M.

New Provisions or Alterations made to be observed.

Duties on whale fins continued to 1 August 1714.

9 & 10 W. 3. C 45»

C 19. Anno sexto anne Reginae. A.D. 1707.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid', That the Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon all Sorts of Tobacco, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty ah bnpofttion upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five and the twenty-fourth Day of] une one thousand six hundred ninety three, which said Act, as for and concerning the said Duties and Impositions upon Tcfbacco only, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament since made, was continued, and is to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, hall, by Virtue of this Act, be further continued and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and no longer.

V. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty upon Tobacco which shall be imported during the Times by this Act limited, and all Arrears thereof, shall be secured, collecteu, raised, levied, answefed, and paid to her Majesty, in such Method, and with such Discount and Allowances, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are mentioned, referred to, or prescribed, as to the Duties or Impositions upon Tobacco, in and by the Act made in the Parliament held in the seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for continuing several Ditties granted by former Aids upon I Vine, Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War against France, and not otherwise.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional and other Rates, Impositions, Duties, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes granted by an Act made in the feconj Year of the Reign of King William the Third and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all east-india Goods and Manufactures, and upon all r, wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandizes, to be imported after the five and twentieth Day of May one thousand six hundred and ninety, and which thereby, and by several subsequent Acts of Parliament already made, have Continuance until the first Day of Augifil one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be further continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and no longer; and that the said Act made in the second Year of their said late Majesties Reign, concerning East India Goods, and ocher Things therein charged, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect, until the said first Day of Augifil one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and shall be applied, practised, and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said respective Duties hereby continued, and_all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully and tb all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly enacted; except only as to such Part of the said Acts concerning the said Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, touching which other Provisions or Alterations are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being j which other Provisions or Alterations are to be observed, and to continue during the ontinuance of this present Act; and the said Act, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War agairjl France, and every Article, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, for the raising, levying, securing, answering and paying the Impositions and Duties on the Merchandizes and Commodities thereby charged, and which are by this Act continued, shall be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional and other Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majflics certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for prosecuting the present War against France, which by several subsequent Acts of Parliament already made, have Continuance until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall, by Virtue of this Act, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and no longer; and that the said Act last mentioned, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained (except as herein after is excepted and provided) as for and concerning the said rates, Duties, and Impositions, hall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and hall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly enacted in this present Act.

VIII. Provided also, That in all Cases where any other Provision or Alteration is made, by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, in or about any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Parliament for the Impositions last mentioned, such other Provisions or Alterations shall be observed during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Impositions and Duties for and upon all whale fins imported, which by an Act of Parliament in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, (entitled, An Act for taking away Half the Duties imposed on Glass Wares, and the whole Dut ies lately laid on Stone and Earthen ivares and Tobacco Pipes, and for grant ing in lieu thereof new

s Duties

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Regina;. C t9. 301

Duties on whale sins and Scotch Linen) were granted to his said late Majesty King William, and by subsequent Adds already passed, have Continuance until the first. Day of August one thousand seven hun.

and twelve, shall be and are hereby continued to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and no longer; and shall raised, levied, collected, and paid in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties, as are mentioned in the said Act for granting the said Impositions on whale sins and Scotch Linen; which Act, with all the Powers, provisoes, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, or thereby referred to, shall continue and be in full Force until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and shall be applied, practised and put in Execution for raising and levying the said Duties on whale fins hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, as fully and effectually as if all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, concerning the said Duties on whale fins, were repeated, and again enabled in the Body of this present Act.

X. And whereas the said Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and the said other Duties granted therewith in the said twelfth Year of King Charles the Second as aforesaid, as to Wines, Goods, and i*car. 2. C 4.

Merchandizes imported, and the said Impositions on Wines, Venegar, and Tobacco, which were first granted to King James the Second, in the first Year of his Reign, and the said Impositions on East1 Ja 2, C 3>4*

India Goods, and other Goods charged therewith, which were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in the Second Year of their Reign, and the said additional Impositions'&

were first granted to them in the fourth Year of their Reign, and the said Duties on whale fins 4' &' 5 w. & M. C imported, which were granted to his said late Majesty King William, in the ninth Year of his Reign, C 5.

were by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act for continuing several9& >° W. 3.

Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, and for making Provisions therein mentioned, to ruije Money by ivay of Loan C 45*

for the Service of the ivar, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occasions, and for ascertaining the ^nna?' C7'

Wine Measure) continued as aforesaid, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in the Manner therein mentioned, and are by the said at of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, made subject and liable to the Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest Moneys therein mentioned, which are to be paid and discharged in the first Place out of the Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties granted or continued by the Act last mentioned Now it is hereby further declared and enacted by the After the Prin authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the Time that all the Principal and Interest mo cipal>&c chars nies which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign are charged upon the several Subsidies, ftj^bfdtfcw' duties, and Impositions last mentioned, shall be fully paid off and satisfied, or that sufficient Money shall ed, the halfsub be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, then all the Moneys which shall from thenceforth arise by fid ies, C to be one Moiety or half Part of the said Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, appropriated for Goods, and Merchandizes imported (which were first comprehended in the said Act of the twelfth Year theutcsof this of King Charles the Second) and all the Moneys, which from and after such Payment made, or reserv f2Q3x C ing Money to discharge all such Principal and Interest as aforesaid, shall arise by the said Impositions upon*r'c' 4' Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, E a ft India Goods, and other Goods therewith charged, and by the said additional Impositions on Goods and Merchandizes, and by the said Duties upon whale fins, for the Remainder of the Terms formerly granted, and therein then to come and unexpired (except the necessary necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) shall from Time to Time be paid chargesexcept into the Receipt of the Exchequer distinctly, for the {'urposes in this present Act expressed, and for no ed> other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XI. And whereas all Wines of the Growth and Product of France, or of any Dominions under the French Wines.

French King, are by several Laws and Statutes liable to the Payment of several Duties upon the Impor tation thereof, and particularly by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty an additional SOUTHWEST. 3.

Duty upon all French Goods and Merchandizes) it was enacted, amongst other Things, That for every C 2°Tonne of French Wine imported within the Time therein mentioned, there should be paid twenty-five Pounds above the Duties before charged thereupon: But by another Act made in the eighth Year of the 8 &9W. 3.

same King's Reign (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage C 24upon Merchandizes imported, for the Term Jf two Tears and three Quarters, and an additional Land Tax for one Year, for carrying on the ivar against France) it was provided. That nothing in the said Act of the seventh Year of his said late majesty's Reign, should charge any Merchandise of the Growth of France,

which should be bona fide seized or taken, and condemned as Prize, with any further or other Duties than what they were or ought to have been charged withal before the making of the Act last mention 4 CD and her Majesty, by her Royal Declaration bearing Date the first Day of June in the first Year of her Reign, for the Encouragement of her Ships of War and Privateers, was pleased to subject all Ships,

vessels, and Goods, which should be taken and condemned as lawful Prize, to the Payment of such Customs and Duties only as are therein mentioned: And whereas by an Act made in the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for granting to her Majesty an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and 2 & 3 Anna?,

Poundage for three Tears, and for laying a further Duty upon French Wines condemned as lawful Prize, andc94 for ascertaining the Values of unrated Goods imported from the East Indies) it was enacted, That for every Tonne of any Wines of the Growth or Product of France, or of any Dominions under the French King,

seized or taken, or to be seized or taken by any of her Majesty's Ships, or by any Privateers or other wise, and which at any Time or Times, during the Term of three Years, which commenced from the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, should be condemned or adjudged as law full Prize, there should be paid to her Majesty the Sum of fifteen Pounds over and above the Duties

before

C 19.

Anno sexto anne Regins.

A.D. 1707.

French Prize Wine and Sei

per

War

before that Time charged thereupon, without Deduction, and so proportionably for a greater or lefl er ' Quantity; which Duty of fifteen Pounds per Tonne, expired on the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fixnow it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for every Tonne of any Wine of the Growth or Product of France, or of any Dominions under the French King, seized or taken, or to be seized or taken by any her Majesty's Ships, or by any Privateers, or otherwise, and which at er t^d^nne any t*me or t'mes? from and after the fifteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven, du er on, un g ring present War, shall be condemned or adjudged as lawful Prize, and for every Tonne of any Wines of the Growth or Product of France, or of any Dominions under the French King, which after the said fifteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven, during the said present War, shall be seized and condemned for unlawful Importation, or for being brought into any Part of Great Britain by Collusion, there shall he paid to the queen's Majesty the Sum of five and twenty Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, without Deduction, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Ships, C taken

XII. And it is hereby declared, That (over and above the said Duty of five and twenty Pounds per Tonne abie^o^uch^ir Pr'ze Wines by this al imposed) all Ships, Vessels, Wines, and other Goods and Merchandizes, cumitances as by which shall be taken from the Enemy, and condemned as lawful Prize, and all Wines, Goods, and mer the Queen's De chandizes which shall be seized and condemned for unlawful Importation, or for being brought in by duration. Collusion, as aforesaid, during the present War, shall be subject or liable to such or the like Customs and Duties to which Ships, Goods, and Merchandizes taken and condemned as Prize, were subjected or iri dntks to be paid tended to be subjected by her Majesty's Declaration aforesaid; that all the Duties by this Act charge proceed'u'on*1 upon Ships, Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes taken or seized, as aforesaid, shall and may be de i o<ee upon tajnccj anj fotisfied out of the neat Proceed of such respective Prizes and Seizures, upon Sale of the same; If Produce be noc anc any ellth'e Prize or Seizure shall not be sufficient by its neat Produce to answer all the said Duties

sufficient, then to thereupon, then the said neat Produce shall be applied pioportionably towards discharging the said Duties,

be applied pro so far as the said Produce will extend thereunto, and so much as shall arise by this Act of or for the said

portionabiy, C Duty of five and twenty Pounds per Tonne, upon Wines taken or seized, as aforesaid, shall be applied

towards the Payment of the Principal and Interest to be borrowed upon this Act; and the rest of the Moneys arising by the said Duties upon such Prizes or Seizures, as aforesaid, shall be apportioned and applied to the same several uses and Purposes whereunto the like Duties upon the like Goods or Merchandizes im j ported, are applicable by Virtue of the several Laws relating thereunto.

XIII. And for encouraging the Manufacture of Cordage in Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That foreign Cordage, or Cable Yarn imported, or to be imported into Great Britain, upon Exportation thereof, at any Time or Times from or after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, for any Parts beyond the Seas, shall have no Allowance or Drawback of any Duties paid or secured by this or any other Acts, Laws, or Statutes whatsoever, upon the Importation thereof; anything in this, or any other Act or Acts of Parliament, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And whereas notwithstanding the several Laws now in Force for preventing of clandestine Im 1 portation of foreign Goods, great Quantities of wrought Silks mixed with Gold and Silver, and other Silks, have of late been imported, contrary to Law, to the great Prejudice of the Manufactureers of this Kingdom For Remedy thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, all and every such Person and per wrought Silks tp fons whatsoever, who shall secretly and clandestinely import, bring, or convey into this Kingdom, any forfeit 2oo). C wrought Silk or Silks mixed with Gold or Silver, or any other Materials, and all and every their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants, shall for every such Offence forfeit two hundred Pounds, over and above the Penalties to which the same are liable by any Laws now in Force; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody Sellers and Conor Possession such Silks shall be found, or who shall sell or offer the same to Sale, knowing thereof, and cealers forfeit the al! and every Person or Persons who shall conceal such Silks, with Intent to prevent the Forfeiture of the Silk and 1001. same, shall over and above the Loss of the said Silks, for every such Offence forfeit one hundred Pounds;

one Moiety thereof to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and successors; the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

XV. And be it further enacted, That all such Silks so forfeited, as aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called England, shall be sold at the Custom House at London, by Inch of Candle, to the highest Bidder, and such of them as shall be so forfeited, as aforesaid, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be sold at the Customhouse in Edinburgh, in like Manner, and not otherwise.

No Drawback allowed for foreign Cordage, C exported,

Importers of

Where Silks so forfeited shall be sold.

See farther I Geo. I. C 36. /. 21. 8 Geo. 1. c. 3 5.9 Geo. I.

C 8. f 9. 1 Geo. 2. JL 2. C 17, /. 10. 23 Geo. 2. C920. and 26 Geo. 2. c. 21.

choose of Loan

XVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and mayyr671 'aw^u^ to anc or any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to ad 5 ' 3 vance or lend to her Majesty, at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, as well upon Credit of the several

Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties, by this Act granted or continued, as also upon Credit of the mo j Ann, C 27. nies, which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, after Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest thereupon, as aforesaid, shall arise by the Subsidies, Irjipositions, and Duties thereby granted, any Sums which shall not exceed in the whole seven hundred twenty-nine thousand sixty seven Pounds and for a further fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's oc ra?kle"s cafions; and moreover, the 7'reasurer of the Exchequer, for the Time being, or any three or more of the mediate interefo Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and directed to cause the Officers '?. of

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginae.

C 19. 303

of the said Receipt of Exchequer to receive from time to time by way of Loan, from any Person or Persons,

Bodies Politic or Corporate, willing to make the same at the said Receipt, any further Sum and Sums of Money, over and above the said Sum of seven hundred twenty-nine thousand sixty seven Pounds,

fifteen Shillings, and sixpence three Farthings, as shall be sufficient to make good the Payment of all the

Interest Moneys appointed or allowed by this Act, every three Months, until the said Sudfidies, Impositions,

and Duties arifrng by this, or the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or either of

them first happening, shall come into the Exchequer, and be sufficient for that Purpose, pursuant to the

Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that all the Lenders, as well of the said Sum, not exceeding seven hundred twenty-nine thousand sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, as of the said further Sums for making good the Payment of the intermediate Interest, as aforesaid, shall have

and receive Interest for the Forbearance thereof, after the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and at 61' percent.

that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act shall be taxed, rated, or allefted by any Act of

Parliament whatsoever. Sec % Ann.

XVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall lend any

Money upon such Credits, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall im le"ders, 0 have mediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her, or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her, or their Tallies; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a^'

Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, at the Rate aforesaid, and to be paid every payame every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and that all such Orders for Repayment of Money 3 Munths; to be lent, shall be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively, without other Preference of one before another: and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders to be reorders shall stand registered in the said registerbook, so as the said Person, Native or Foreigner, his, her. gifted and paid or their Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, who shall have his, her, or their Order or m Courst* Scc orders first entered in the said respective Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted the first Person to be paid out of the Moneys to come in by this Act, and he, she, or they, who shall have his, her, or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively, and in Course; that the Moneys to come in of or for the several Subsidies, Impositions, or Duties by this Act granted or continued, as aforesaid, and also the Moneys which by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, (after Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest thereupon, as aforesaid)

shall arise by the Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties thereby granted, as aforesaid (except the said Duties to arise by Prizes and Seizures, other than the Duty of five and twenty Pounds per Tonne before mentioned) shall be liable in the same Order to the Satisfaction of the Moneys to be lent, as aforesaid, to the respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, successors, and Assigns respectively, without undue Preference without undue of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, Preference or or Purpose whatsoever; that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or See c taken of any her Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views, or Search in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of her Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble on Pain of treble Damages to the Party grieved, by the Party offending, with treble Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself Damages, C take of demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Aby any such Officer or Officers, 'then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with Damages and Costs, to the Party grievdd, and shall be and to pay the forejudged of his Place or Office; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, with Debt, C out direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, clerk liable Debt, Damages, and Costs, and shall be for ever incapable of his Place and Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not director the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed, then he or they shall he adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages, and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at weji minster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction, or Order of Restraint,

hall in any wise be granted or allowed.

XVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that federal Tallies of Loan, or Tallies bearing

Orders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt Date the same

to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, foas heen no undue

ters them all the same Day. _ Preference.

XIX. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point No Penalty to of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent incur. if subse orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that °rde'5 be did not come to take their Moneys, and bting their Orders in their Course, so as there be so much Money pal'C reserved, as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise aifposed, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XX. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Moneys shall be Orders assign due for Loans, to be registered by Virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register, as afore able

said, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment to be endorsed and written upon his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order or any

Part

; 04 C 19.

Anno sexto Annte Reginae.

A.D.

1707.

Oause of I oan in 5 Annas, C 27. f. 2.. not lessened by this Act.

Part thereof, to any other; which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders, (which the Officers hall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make) shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Assignee miy af Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like sign again. Manner assign again, and so toties quoties, 'and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such person or Persons, who have or hath made such Alignment, to make void, release, and discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

C XXL And whereas in and by the Paid Act of the fifth Year of her said majesty's reign, a Credit was given for any Sums not exceeding eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one 6 Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence Farthing, to be borrowed at an Interest, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the several Subfrdies, Impositions, and Duties in that Act mcn tioned; and the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the treasury for the Time being, are thereby authorised and directed to cause the Officers of the Exchequer to receive i from time to time, by Way of Loan, at the like Interest at the said Receipt, any further Sum or Sums of Money over and above the said Sum of eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one £ Pounds fifteen Shillings and fixper.ce Farthing, as should be sufficient to make good the Payment of all the interest Moneys appointed or allowed by that Act, every three Months, until the Subsidies. Impo fitions, and Duties therein mentioned, should come into the Exchequer, and be sufficier.t for that purpose, pursuant to the Intent and true Meaning of that Act Now it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be constiued to extend, to the taking away, altering, or lessening the said Power and Direction of borrowing Moneys to make good the Payment of the said interest every three Months, until the said Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties in the said recited Act mentioned, shall come in and be sufficient for that Purpose, as aforesaid, or in any wise to alter or prejudice the Security given by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the Repayment or Satisfaction of the same, V or any other the principal and interest Moneys which were secured or intendrd to be secured by that Act, that the Orders for the same shall be registered in Course, and paid in the same Manner, as if this Act had never been made; this present Act, or anything therein contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent, and to be lent unto her Majesty on one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year rme thousand seven hundred and eight, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain (after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Act, and the Interest thereof, an J the Charges thereby allowable for the raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same :,) And all the Moneys lent, and to be lent unto her Majesty, upon one other Act of this session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and so much Money of the said Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Moneys sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the lame: And the Sum not exceeding five hundred and forty thousand Pounds mentioned and intended to be raised by another Act of this Session of 6 anne, C 5. Parliament, intituled, An Act for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other Uses, by Sale of Annuities charged on a Fund not exceeding forty thou fancl Pounds per Annum, to arise by appropriating several Surplusses, and by granting further Terms in the Duties on Low ttines, and on Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, the Stamp Duties, the one third Subsidy, the Duty on Sweets, and one of the Branches of Exeifc, and by making other Provision in this Act mentioned: And the Sum not exceeding one million and twenty thousand Pounds, mentioned and intended to be raised 6 Anna, C 11. by another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing one half Part of the Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon tvines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby and by other LI 'ays and Means, for Payment of Annuities not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and 6 Annas, C 17. eight, and aether Uses therein expressed: And the Sum of one 'million two hundred thousand Pounds, agreed to be advanced by the English Company trading to the East Indies, pursuant to an Act of this Session of Parliament for alluring to the said Engllfo Company trading to the East Indies on Account of the united Stock, a longer Time in the Fund and Trade therein mentioned: And the Sum not exceeding seven hundred twenty-nine thousand and sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, 1 intended to be raised on this present Act, shall be appropriated, ifllied and applied, and the same are here o binary of the by appropriated for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after exp relied; that is to say, for or Kavy. towards the defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages,

Wear and Tear, and other Services of the Navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for the Sea Service in the Office of the Ordance, performed and to be performed; and for Wharf at Ports or towards making of a Wharf and Storehouse at Portsmouth; for or towards the Land Services, per mmnh. formed and to pe performed by the Office of Ordance; and to and for Subsistence, off reckonings, and

Clearings lor one "h ear, from the three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and Guards and Carr seven, to her Majesty's Guards and parrifons in Great Britain, and the contingent Charges of the same; nta, 3 and

Clause of Appropriation.

6 Anna:, C i

6 Anng:, C 4.

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginae, C 20, 21

and for Payment of Invalids for the said Year, beginning from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seven; for or towards the defraying the Charges of her Majesty's Army, and such Forces as are or hall be added thereunto in the Low Countries or Germany, within or for one Year, to be reckoned from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and seven, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of three thousand Palatines formerly taken into the Service of her majesty and the States General, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight j and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of four thousand six hundred thirty-nine saxo?is formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States Gen ral, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of bothmar's Regiment of Dragoons, consisting of eight hundred Men, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight; and for maintaining her Majesty's established Forces to serve in Spain and Portugal including the Pay of General Officers, and the Charge of Contingencies, and for for rnge, Wagon Money, and Baggage Money, and for the Charge of the Garrison of Gibraltar, and for the 'augmentation of her Majesty's Forces, in order to strengthen the Army of the Duke of Savoy, for making good the Alliances with the King of Portugal, and for the effectual carrying on the War for Recovery of the Spanish Monarchy to the House of Austria; and for and towards the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies due upon Treaties made or to be made with her Majesty's Allies, and other Charges for the Service of the War, for any Time before or until the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eight; and for the Payment of a Year and a quarter's Interest further on the unfatif fied Debentures charged upon the Irish Forfeitures; and for or towards the Transportation of Land Forces performed and to be performed; and for or towards discharging the Premiums and other Charges for circulating for another Year the Bills commonly called the Exchequer Bills, which were issued before the last Session of Parliament; and for and towards the paying of an extraordinary Subfiby to the Duke of Savoy for especial Service, in prosecuting the War against France, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; for or towards the making good of a Sum not exceeding twenty-two thousand nine hundred ftfty seven Pounds two Shillings, to complete the Sum of forty-two thousand nine hundred fifty seven Pounds two Shillings, for an additional Subsidy to the Landgrave of Hesse Caffe I for augmenting his Troops, and marching them into Italy, and for defraying their Expense of Bread, Wagons and Carriages, and of Hospitals for their sick and wounded, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; for or towards the making good a Sum not exceeding twelve thousand two hundred eighty-four Pounds nineteen Shillings and eight Pence halfpenny, to defray the Charge of the Fortifications, and other Services of the Garrison at Gibraltar, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and to no other Uses, Intents, or Purposes whatsoever; provided always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons, as aforesaid, there hall and maybe taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, towards the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers raised and to be raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the Navy and Sea service, as aforesaid, there shall be taken and applied such Sums, as together with the said Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, shall be lieceflary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An Act for continuing an act made in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion and false Mufflers, and for the better Payment off the Army and Quarters.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for the avoiding of Doubts and Questions touching the Statutes of diverse Cathedral

and Collegiate Churches.

WHEREAS several Doubts and Questions have arisen, and may hereafter arise, in Relation to

\\ the validity and Force of the Statutes of diverse Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, founded by

King Henry the Eighth, of famous Memory, which Doubts and Questions have been occasioned, ' partly by a Temporary at of Parliament made in the first Year of the Reign of Queen Mary the First, ' in Relation to such Statutes made by the said late King Henry the Eighth, and in order to defeat the true and pious Ends and Designs of the said Foundations, and partly by Reason of the known Loss of many records.and Evidences during the late Rebellion in this Kingdom: And whereas the said

and Disputes may in Time not only turn to the great Disquiet and Prejudice of the said Foun dations, but may prove a manifest Obstruction to the Peace, Order, good Government and Discipline

the Church, unless some speedy and effectual Remedy be provided be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Cathedral and Collegiate Churches, founded by the said King pienry the Eighth, such Statutes as have been usually received and practised in the Government of the same respectively, since the late nappy Restoration of King Charles the Second, and to the Observance whereof the Deans and

Yol. 1c. '. R jr Prebendaries,

- S

Invalids.

Annies in Germany and the Low Countries.

3000 palatines.

4639 Saxons.

bothmar's Dragoons.

Forces in Spain and Portugal. Garrison of Gibraltar.

Forces in Savoy. Alliances with p01 tugal. Proportion of Subsidies to the Allies.

Interest on unsatisfied Debentures.

transports. Exchequer Bills Extraordinary Subsidies to the Duke of Savoy. To the Landgrave of Hefic Cartel.

Fortifications, cof Gibraltar

s7115l. 10 s: for the Marine

EXP.

im, L sect. 3.

Statutes of Cathedral and Collegiate Churches practised since the Restoration ofkingcharlcs2. to be good and valid.

No Prosecution for non observ ante of Statutes, before9 March 1707.

Queen may alter, revoke, or enlarge the Statutes, and make new ones, &c.

3 & 4 Anns, C

Duties on Coffeej continued from 23 June 1710. for four Years longer.

3 & 4 Annae, C 4. and made perpetual by 7 Annae, C 7.

26. but the Duties on Coffee. Tea, and Coconuts imported are repealed by 10 Geo. 1. C jo, and new ones imposed.

C 22. Anno sexto Ann Reginae. A.D. 1707.

Prebendaries, and other Members of the said Churches, from the said Time have used to be sworn at their Installments or Admissions, shall be, and shall be taken and adjudged to be good and valid in Law, and shall be, and be taken and ajudged to be the Statutes of the said Churches respectively; nevertheless so far forth only as the same, or any of them, are in no Manner repugnant to, or inconsistent with the Constitution of the Church of England, as the same is now by Law established, or the Laws of the Land.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall at any Time hereafter be liable to any Prosecution, Censure, or Punishment whatsoever, for not having observed any of the Statutes hereby ratified and confirmed, or for having done anything contrary to the same, on or before the ninth Day o (March one thousand seven hundred and seven; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for her Majesty, during her Life (which God long preserve) from time to time to alter, amend, correct, revoke, diminish, or enlarge the said Statutes, or any of them, and to make new Statutes and Ordinances for the said Cathedra] and Collegiate Churches, and for resuming or settling the local Visitation of them, or any of them, in such Manner, from time to time, as to her Majesty shall seem meet.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for continuing several Duties therein mentioned, upon Coffee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Muslins, and additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Calicoes, China Wares and Drugs; and for continuing the Duties called the Two Third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, for preserving the public Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals exported for Foreign Parts; and for securing the Credit of the Bank of England, and for passing several Accounts of Taxes raised in the County of Monmouth, and for promoting the Consumption of such Tobacco as shall have paid her Majesty's Duties.

I. > Jf O S T gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act of Parliament made in England in the third Year 4 LVI of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing Duties upon Low Wines, and upon Cof see, Tea, Chocolate, Spices and fietures, and upon Hawkers, Pedlars, and Petty Chapmen, and upon Muslins,

and for granting new Duties upon several of the said Commodities; and also upon Calicoes, China Ware, and Drugs, several Duties therein mentioned upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, nut megs. Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures imported, were continued from the last Day of April one thousand seven hundred and six till the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred an ten,

and a certain Duty upon Muslins imported, after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, was continued from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and six till the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten; and by the same Act for increasing your majesty's Revenues, several new additional Rates and Sums therein particularly expressed, were laid upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and riflures, which should be imported at any Time or Times after the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four, and before the twenty fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, and by the same Act several further Rates and Sums therein particularly mentioned, were charged or imposed for and upon all white Calicoes, Por ' celan, commonly called China Ware, and Drugs (except Drugs for Dying) imported from and after the first Day of February one thousand seven hundred and four, at any Time or Times before the said twenty-fourth Day o June one thousand seven hundred and ten; the said several Duties to be severally ascertained, answered, and paid in the Manner therein mentioned; and in the said Act there are contained Clauses of Credit for lending thereupon any Sums not exceeding in the whole seven hundred thousand Pounds, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, as by the same may more largely appear: And whereas it is likely that the Duties granted by the said Act, may and will determine oefore the Loans made thereupon, and all the Interest due, or to grow.due for the same, will be satisfied We therefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for preserving the public Credit, have given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the several Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money to be payable for and upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, 'Muslins, White Calicoes, Porcelan, called China Ware, and Drugs (except Drugs for Dying) herein after mentioned, for the Term and Pupose herein after expressed; and do i moult humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Duties, which by the said Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign were continued upon Coffee, Coconuts,

Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and upon Muslins, and the said increased, or new additional Rates and Duties which were thereby laid upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa, Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and the said further Rates and Sums which were thereby charged or imposed for and upon all White Calicoes, Porcelan, commonly called China Ware, and Drugs (except Drugs for Dying) shall by virtue of this Act

A.D. 1707. Anno exto Annje Reginae. C 22. 307

Act be continued and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon the same Commodities and Merchandizes respectively, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, from and after the three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, at any Time or Times within, or during the Term of four Years from thence next and immediately infuingjthe same Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, and every of them respectively (over and above all other Duties and Impositions whatsoever already charged for or upon the same Commodities, or any of them respectively, by any other Laws or Statutes now in Force) to be ascertained, Secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties Subject to the and Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such same Penalties, Drawbacks, Allowances and Repayments, and in such Manner and Form in all Respects as the like Drawbacks, crates, Duties, and Sums of Money respectively granted or continued by the said Act of the third Year s'

of her Majesty's Reign are hereby, or by any other Act or Acts, Laws, or Statutes whereunto the said i. c°'ai". Act hath Reference, prescribed, enacted, or appointed, to be ascertained, Secured, raised, levied, reco §, n. vered, answered, paid, and accounted for, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such of the Powers, Directions, Former Power Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things provided, settled, or established by the said revived, 3&4 act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts now in force whereunto the Anna?, C 4. same hath Relation, for the better ascertaining, raising, levying, recovering, answering, or paying the said respective Duties thereby granted, or for making any Drawbacks, re payments, or Allowances out of any of the said Several and respective Duties upon Exportation, shall be revived, and be continued, and be in Force and Virtue during the Continuance of this Act, and further for the Recovery of all the Arr rearages and Sums of Money which shall become due or payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors upon this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, and every of them, were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

III. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon Coffee, The said Duties, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and appropriated for upon Mullins, and the said increased or additional Rates by this Act continued and imposed upon all Cof securing the mo see, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, i ea. Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, "g^l^ns'u^on and the said further Rates and Sums by this Act continued, and payable for and upon all White Calicoes, 3 Anas! ur°a Porcelan, commonly called China War, and Drugs, (the necessary Charges of raising, managing, pay See S Geo. 1. ing, and accounting for the same excepted) shall be appropriated, paid, and applied, and be subject and C 15 §.17. liable (over and above the said Duties granted upon the like Commodities by the said former Act to and cc'r" "'g caf for the securing, paying, and satisfying all the Principal and Interest Moneys, which shall from Time to Time remain unfinished, of or for the Loans made upon the said Act of the third Year of her Majesty's J, z reign, not exceeding the Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds before mentioned, in the same Course,

Order and Manner, as the Moneys arising by the said former Act were thereby prescribed to be applied thereunto, nd shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, un and not diverted der the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as by the said Act of the third Year of Iter majesty's to any other use. Reign are prescribed, for diverting or misapplying any the Moneys thereby arising

And whereas by another Act of Parliament made in England, in the third Year of your majesty's 3 & 4 Anna:

Reign (entitled. An act for granting to her Majesty a further Suhfdy on tvines and Merchandizes imported) C 5'

certain Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, commonly called the two third Subsidies, were granted and made payable for and upon all Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported after the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and four, within or during the Space of four Years from thence next and immediately ensuing; in which Act there are contained Clauses of Credit for lending thereupon, any Sums not exceeding in the whole the Sum of six hundred thirty-six thousand nine hun

fifty seven Pounds four Shillings and a Halfpenny, at an Interest not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum; and it is likely that the said Subsidies granted by the Act last mentioned,

may and will determine before the Loans made thereupon and all the Interest due or to grow due for the same will be satisfied:: 'therefore your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for preserving the public Credit, have also given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty the said Subsidies of Tunnage and Poundage, commonly called the Two third Subsidies, herein after particularly described, for such farther Term, and for such Purpose, as are herein after expressed; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted,

and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above all other Subsidies, additional Duties, The Two third Impositions, and Payments whatsoever, by this or any other Act or Acts of Parliament or otherwise Subsidies ofton howsoever already due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty, for or upon any Wines, age anj Poun goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever imported or to be imported, there shall be raised, levied, collected, "age continued paid, and satisfied unto her Majesty, one other Subsidy called Tunnage, for and upon all Wines which ^g7fora, rc from and after the seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, at any Time or Times, Years, made ptr within, or during the Space of three Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, shall be imported petual by 7 or brought into Great Britain, that is to say, two third Parts of such or the like several and respective Annae, C 7. f. Duties, as by an Act of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, " w of glorious Memory, were granted to his Majesty during his Life; and by an Act in the first Year of her 10 '

majesty's Reign are continued and payable, during her Majesty's Life, for or upon any kind of Wine or j Anna? fiat. 1. Wines respectively; one other Subsidy called Poundage of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes C 7. '

£0 be imported or brought into Great Britain, at any Time or Times from and after the said seventh Day

R r z of 1

.. >'i

308 C 22.

Anno sexto anne Reginae.

gar, from the English Plantations, C

See 8 Anne,

13. f. £1.

How Duties shall be raised and accounted for.

3 Annas, C 4,

Former Powers revived

A.D. 1707.

of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, within or during the said Term of three Years, by way except/tobacco f Merchandise, that is to say, two third Parts of such or the like several and respective Duties, as by the Currans, and su a Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign were granted, and by the said Act: of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign are continued and payable for or upon the same Goods and Merchandizes respectively (except Tobacco and such Currans as shall be imported in English built Shipping, navigated according to the Laws now in Force, and Sugar from the English Plantations, and such Goods and other Merchandizes, as by the two Acts last mentioned, or either of them, are exempted from Payment of the Subsidies thereby granted.)

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties, commonly called the Two third Subsidies, by this Act granted and continued as aforesaid, and every of them respectively, shall be afeer tained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Drawbacks, Allowances, and re payments, and in such Manner and Form in all Refoedts, as the like Duties, commonly called the Two third Subsidies respectively, granted by the said Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, are thereby, or by any other Act or Acts, Laws or Statutes whereunto that Act hath Reference, prescribed, enacted, or appointed, to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, during the Continuance thereof respectively; and that all such of the Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things provided, settled, or established by the said Subsidy Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts now in Force, whereunto that Act hath Relation, for the better raising, levying, recovering, answering, or paying the said respective Duties, commonly called the two third Subsidies, thereby granted, or for making any Drawbacks, Repayments, or Allowances out of any of the said several and respective Duties upon Exportations, shall be revived, and be continued, and be in Force and Virtue, during the Continuance of Act; and further for the Recovery of all the Arrearages, and Sums of Money, which shall become due or payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors upon this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, and every of them, were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Duties appropri

VI. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties, commonly a'edijor fecunne camed The two third Subsidies, by this Act continued and payable (the necessary Charges of raising, ma satisfied upon the na£lns? paying, and accounting for the same, excepted) shall be appropriated, paid, and applied, and Subsidy Act, be subject and liable (over and above the said Duties called The two third Subsidies, granted by the said 3 & 4 Annie, former Act) to and for the securing, paying, and satisfying all the Principal and Interest Moneys, which 5- shall from Time to Time remain unsatisned of or for the said Loans, not exceeding six hundred thirty-six

thousand nine hundred fifty seven Pounds four Shillings and a Halfpenny, made upon the said Subsidy Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, in the same Course, Order, and Manner, as the Moneys arising by the Act last mentioned were thereby prescribed to be applied thereunto, and shall not be di and not diverted verted or divertible to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, under the like Penalties, Forfei0 any other U. tures, and D ifabi 1 i ties, as by the said Subsidy Act of the third Year of her Majesty's Reign are prescribed,

for diverting, or misapplying any the Moneys thereby arising.

When Debt shall

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as the said re be paid off, Mo spective Sums of seven hundred thousand Pounds and six hundred thirty-six thousand nine hundred fifty seven Pounds four Shillings and a Halfpenny, and all the Interest thereof due and to grow due, shall be respectively paid off and fully discharged, or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer far that Purpose pursuant to the true Meaning of this Act, then and from thenceforth the said Duties chargeable by this Act with the said Principal and Interest, and either of them respectively, for and during the then Remainder of the said respective Terms hereby granted of and in the same respectively, shall be disposable for the public Use and Service by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise; anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King L William the Third (entitled. An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, Coals and Culm, for carrying on the War against France) recited. That the Imposition upon Coals exported to foreign Parts was so great, that it was almost a Prohibition, to the great Dimi nution of his Majesty's Customs, and lessening the English Navigation on the Exportation of Coals be yond the Seas: For Remedy whereof it was thereby enacted, That all Coals exported beyond the Seas in foreign Bottoms should, during the Continuance of that Act, only pay ten Shillings the Chaldron, and' 1 English Bottoms only three Shillings the Chaldron, which part of the said Act was to determine on or ' about the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred; and by another Act made in the eleventh Year of the same King's Reign, for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, it was eiiact ' ed, That all Coals exported, beyond the Seas in foreign Bottoms, should from and after the said twenty ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Stfuons of Parliament, only pay ten Shillings the Chaldron, and in English Bottoms only three Shillings the Chaldron; which ft vcral Acts, in Relation to Coals exported, ' hav, been found very beneficial and useful to the Public, and fully to have answered the good Ends and _, ' Intent thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Coals exported beyond the

foreign bottom" cas, from and after the End of this present Session of Parliament, until the twenty-fifth Day at March to (.ay until one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the End of th then next Session of Parliament, 1715, only 10 s. from

fei Chaldron, in britisr Bottoms only 3 s. per Chaldron,

fed for public Service,

6 & 7 W. 3 C 18.

Tf L tc 12 W. 3. < L

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto anne Regina;. C 22. 309

from Great Britain in foreign Bottoms, shall only pay ten Shillings the Chaldron; and in British Bottoms

only three Shillings the Chaldron, and after those Rates for greater or lester Quantities; any former

Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. The said respective Duties on Coals exported, to be raised, levied, uplifted, and recovered in the same Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as How Duties (Salt

any other Customs or Duties payable to her Majesty upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchan be lcvie<i

dizes are by any Law or Statute now in Force, to be raised, levied, uplifted, or recovered in England or Sec 8 Anna:

Scotland respectively. C3* S'

k IX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his said late

[8 &9w. 3.

Majesty King William, of glorious Memory (entitled, An Act for making good the Deficiencies of sieve C zo. &9' ral Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raifvng the yvrrnre' C ' pttblick Credit) it is amongst other Things enacted, That during the Continuance of the Corporation of's' to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, no other Bank, or any other Corporation Society,

Fellowship, Company, or Constitution in the Nature of a Bank, shall be erected or established, per mitted, suffered, countenanced, or allowed by Act of Parliament, within the Kingdom, as in and by the said Act more at large may appear; nevertheless since the passing of the said Act some Corporations by Colour of the Charters to them granted, and other great Numbers of Persons, by Pretence of Deeds or Covenants united together, have presumed to borrow great Sums of Money, and therewith, contrary to the Intent of the said Act, do deal as a Bank, to the apparent Danger of the established Credit of the Kingdom: 'Now for preventing of such Practice in Time to come, and themischiefs thence to arise, Be From g it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of I70$y during " our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, during the Continuance of the Governor and Company Continuance of of the Bank of England, it shall not be lawful for anybody Politic or Corporate whatsoever, erected, or Bank, no com to be erected, other than the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or for other Persons pan' un ted ln whatsoever united or to be united in Covenants or Partnership, exceeding the Number of Six Persons, in ceding fix' in" that Part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on Number, shall their Bills or Notes, payable at Demand, or at any less Timekhan ftx Months from the borrowing thereof, take up Money

on their Bills

- payable under six Month

X Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all European Linens, Sisters All European Threads, and Tapes or Incle, Linfeqd, and Flax, shall be exempted from the Payment of the Duties im Linens, C posed by this Act (called the Two third Subsidies, as aforesaid) during the said Term of three Years by erapted fromdu this Act granted of and in the same, as. aforesaid; any Thing in this Act contained to the contrary not tlee oy ls with Handing.

XI. And whereas in raising the several Sums granted to his late Majesty King William, and her pre Auditor in sent Majesty, by several Acts of Parliament for granting Aids by a Land Tax in the Years one thousand making up Rc ' seven hundred and one, one thousand seven hundred and two, one thousand seven hundred and three, one csiver saccount*

thousand seven hundred and four, one thousand seven hundred and five, one thousand seven hundred and Monmouth to six, there hath happened a Deficiency in the several and respective Aids in the County of Monmouth, and chargthim with the Commissioners in the said County having caused the same to be rc afteiled and paid to the Receiver the Deficiency in General in a gross Sum, and Duplicates not regularly returned into her Majesty's remembrancer's Of several Aids here -- ' fice in the Exchequer, by Reason whereof the Receiver is incapable of passing his Account; 'Be it en in mentioned, acted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Auditor in making up the said receiver's Accounts for the said County, shall charge the said Receiver with the Sums contained in the several Acts of Parliament for the respective Years before mentioned, so as that the said Sums are fully answered to her Majesty, although Duplicates for the said County are not regularly returned.

XII. And for promoting the Consumption of Tobacco of the Growth of her Majesty's Plantations in After za sc^r.

America, the Increase of her Majesty's Revenue, and for the better Encouragement of the said Britisfh Plan 170s, nc totac tations. Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September coot" the growth in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, it Hull not be lawful for any Commander of Europe, to be of any of her Majesty's Ships of War, or Purser thereof, to sell, deliver, or cause to be sold or delivered sh, pl

to ny of her Majesty's Seamen or Marines on Board of such Ship, any Tobacco of the Growth of Europe, 1ca. \. C 34. nor any Tobacco mixed with Tobacco of the said Growth., 5 Car. 2. C 7.

22 & 23 Car. 2. C 26.

XIII. And for the better Employment of the Poor of this Kingdom, Be it like wife' enacted, That all butonlytobacco Tobacco to be used or consumed 011 Board any of her Majesty's Ships of War in any Part of Europe, from he

and after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, shall be such as is of the Growth of the said British plan tations which hath paid her Majesty the full Duties, and been manufactured in Great Britain; upon Pain Great Britain, that every such Commander pr Purser who shall knowingly and wilfully offend herein, shall forfeit their re Farther prmt spective Places and Employments, and three Shillings for every Pound weight of Tobacco, and foin Propor 7'«; I concerning tion for every greater or Idler Quantity so sold and delivered; one Moiety thereof to the queen's Majesty, and S'?"

the other Moiety to the Informer who shall sue for the same by Action or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, sc°t.

and no more than one Imparlance. 1 mi. 6£«,

>< C tu9 Geo. j, C 21. 12 Geo. i. C zcr& 2s, 21 Geo. 2. c. 2, 24 Go. 2. C 4, 1. and 2$ Get. 2. C 13.

A.D. 1707.

310 C 23. Anno sexto Anna: Regina.

CAP. XXIII.

An act to make further Provision for electing and summoning sixteen Peers of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, and for trying Peers for Offences committed in Scotland and for the further regulating of Voters in Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

I. WHEREAS by the two and twentieth Article of the Treaty of Union for uniting the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, ratified and confirmed by the respective Parliaments of each

Kingdom, it was, amongst other Things, provided, That when her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, ' should declare their Pleasure for holding the firs, or any subsequent Parliament of Great Britain, until the Parliament of Great Britain should make further Provision therein. Writs should issue under the

Great Seal of the united Kingdom of Great Britain, directed to the Privy Council of Scotland, commanding them to cause sixteen Peers, who were to sit in the House of Lords, to be summoned to Par

in such Manner as by an Act of the then present Session of Parliament of Scotland, was or should be settled; in which Session of the Parliament in Scotland, an Act was accordingly parted for that Pur

entitled, An Act settling the Manner of clothing the sixteen Peers and forty ftue Members to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain; which Act was afterwards confirmed by the Parliament of England, and declared to be as valid as if the same had been Part of, and ingrossed in the said Articles of

Union; by which Act it is, amongst other Tilings, provided and enacted, That the sixteen Peers, who should have a Right to sit in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, on the Part of Scot

by virtue of the said Treaty, should be named by the said Peers of Scotland, whom they represent, ' their Heirs or Successors to their Dignities and Honours, out of their own Number, and that by open Election and Plurality of Voices of the Peers present, and of the Proxies for such as should be absent, ' the find Proxies being Peers, and producing a Mandate in Writing, duly signed before Witnesses, and both the Constituent and Proxy being qualified according to Law; and that such Peers as were absent, ' being qualified as aforesaid, might send to all such Meetings a List of the Peers whom they judged fittest,

validly signed by the said absent Peers, which should be reckoned in the same Manner, as if the Parties

had been prrefent, and given in the said List; and in case of the Death or legal Incapacity of any of the said sixteen Peers, that the aforesaid Peers of Scotland should nominate another of their own Number in Place of the said Peer or Peers, in Manner as therein is mentioned; and it was thereby further enacted,

That until the Parliament of Great Britain should make further Provision therein, the said Writs so to be irtued, should contain a Warrant and Command, to command the said Privy Council to ifi ue out a ' Proclamation in her Majesty's Name, requiring the Peers of Scotland for the Time to meet and assemble at such Time and Place within Scotland, as her Majesty and her Royal Successors should think fit, to make Election of the said sixteen Peers, and requiring the Lord Cleric Register, or two of the Clerks of Session, to attend all such Meetings, and to administerthe Oaths as were or should be by Law required,

and to ask the Votes, and having made up the List in Presence of the Meeting, to return the Names of the Sixteen Peers chosen, certified under the Subscription of the said Lord Clerk Register, Clerk or 1 Clerks of Session attending, to the Clerk of the Privy Council of Scotland, to the End that the Names

of the sixteen Peers being so returned to the Privy Council, might be returned to the Court from whence the Writ did issue, under the Great Seal of the united Kingdom, conform to the said twenty second Ar

6 Anna:, C 6. ' tide: And whereas by an Act of this present Session, intituled, An Act for rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more entire and cempleat, it is declared and enacted, That from and after the first Day of May ' one thousand seven hundred and eight, the Privy Council of Scotland shall cease and determine, whereby it is become necessary that some further Provision should be made for the electing and returning the said sixteen Peers, that are to sit in the House of Peers in the parliament of Great Britain, pursuant to the said Treaty; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and temporalj and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, hat at all Times hereafter when her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors shall declare her or their Pleasure for summoning and holding any Parliament of Great Britain, that in order to Proclamation to the electing and summoning the sixteen Peers of Scotland, a Proclamation shall be irtued under the Great ck "tn'cdi6f<peers Great Britain, commanding all the Peers of Scotland to artemble.and meet at Edinburgh, or in such

of Scotland tofit ot: er Place in Scotland, and at such Time as shall be appointed in the said Proclamation, to cleft by open in the Parliament Election the sixteen Peers to sit and vote in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, in such of Great Britain. Manner as by the before recited Act and herein after is appointed.

And published at

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Proclamation irtued for the Pur edinbuigh, C pope aforesaid, shall be duly published at the Market Cross at Edinburgh, and in all the County Towns of 25 ajs core gcotianj? five and twenty Days at the least before the Time thereby appointed for the Meeting of the Peers to proceed to such Election.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Peers who meet on such Proclamation, shall, before they proceed to the Election, and in Presence of the Peers assembled for such Election, take the respective Oaths, videlicet

Y A.B. do sincerely promise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to her Majesty ' JL Queen Anne, So help me GOD.

I A.B.

election.

All the Peers present to take the Oaths.

Oaths.

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annje Reginae. C 23. 311

I 1 do swear, That I do from my Heart abhor, detest, and abjure, as impious and heretical, that ' J. damnable Doctrine and Position, That Princes excommunicated or deprived by the Pope, or any Authority of the See of Rome, may be deposed or murdered by their Subjects, or any other whatsoever. And ' I do declare, That no Foreign Prince, Person, Prelate, State, or Potentate, hath or ought to have any

Jurisdiction, Power, Superiority, preeminence or Authority, Ecclesiastical or Spiritual, within this

Realm. So help me God.

And shall also make, repeat, and subscribe the Declaration following, videlicet:

Y A.B. do solemnly and sincerely, in the Presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, That I do be Antl subscribe ' 1 lieve that in the Sacrament of the lord's Supper there is not any Trani ubftantiation of the Elements the D': clarauon*

of Bread and Wine into the Body and Blood of Christ, at or after the Consecration thereof by any Person whatsoever; that the Invocation or Adoration of the Virgin Mary, or any other Saint, and the Sacrifice of the Mass, as they are now uled in the Church of Rome, are superstitious and idolatrous. And ' I do solemnly, in the Presence of God, profess, testify, and declare, That I do make this Declaration,

and every Partthereof, in the plain and ordinary Sense of the Words read unto me, as they are commoniy understood by en^lish Protestants, without any Evasion, Equivocation, or mental Reservation whatsoever,

and without anydispensation already granted me for this Purpose by the Pope, or any other Authority or Person, or without any Hope of any such Dispensation from any Person or Authority whatsoever, or without thinking that I am or can be acquitted, before God or Man, or absolved of this Declaration, or any Part thereof, although the Pope or any other Person or Persons, or Power whatsoever, should dif

pense with, or anul the same, or declare that it was null and void from the Beginning.

And also take and subscribe the Oath following, videlicet:

I A.B. do truly and sincerely acknowledge, profess, testify, and declare in my Confidence, before God And a, so take ' J. and the World, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this Realm, ^f°llowins ' an'd of all other her Majesty's Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging. And I do solemnly and a'

sincerely declare, That 1 do believe in my Conference, the Person pretended to be Prince of Wales, during the Life of the late King James, and since his Decease pretending to be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of the King of Great Britain, hath.not any Right or Title whatsoever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereunto belonging: and I do re nounce, refuse, and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him. And I do swear, That I will bear Faith and true Allegiance to her Majesty Queen Anne, and her will defend to the utmost of my Power against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever which shall be made against her Person,

Crown, or Dignity. And I will do my utmost Endeavour to disclose and make known to her Majesty and her Successors all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies, which I shall know to be against her or any of them. And I do faithfully Promise, to the utmost of my Power to support, maintain, and defend the Altered by Succession of the Crown against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as the same is lgeo 13- ' and stands settled by an Act, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the suljeel, and settling 1 w & M. (T. 2. ' the succession of the Crown to her present Majesty, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protefants; and as the C'

by one other Add, intituled, An Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the 11 & j3 w 3*

Right and Liberties of the Subjefi, is and stands settled and entailed after the Decease of her Majesty, and c'

lor Default of Issue of her Majesty, to the Princess Sophia, eletsrefs and Duchess Dowager of Han

never, and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknowledge and swear, according to these expresswords by me spoken, and according to the plain and common-sense and Understanding of the same Words., without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or 1 secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Abjuration, Re

and Promise, heartily, willing y, and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian.

help me GOD.

IV. And that such Peers that live in Scotland, but shall not be present at such Meeting so appointed. How Peers living may take the said Oaths, and make and subscribe the said Declaration in any Sheriff's Court in Scotland, Scotland or and every Sheriff, or his Deputy, before whom such Oaths, and such Declaration shall be so made, fub ln

scribed and repeated, shall and is hereby required to return the original Subscription of such Oath and Declaration, signed by the Peer who took the same, and make a Return in Writing, under his Hand take the oa't'is/ and Seal to the Peers so assembled, of such Peers taking the said Oaths, and making and subscribing the said Oath and Declaration, and such Peer shall be thereby enabled and qualified to make a Proxy, or to And be thereby send a signed List, containing the Names of sixteen Peers of Scotland, for whom he giveth his Vote; and qualified to make such of the Peers of Scotland, as at the Time of issuing such Proclamation, reside in England, may take a t>roxy> and subscribe the said Oaths, and make, repeat, and subscribe the said Declaration in her Majesty's High Court of Chancery of England, her Majesty's Coivt of queen's Bench, Common Fleas, or Court of Exchequer in England, which being certified by Writ to the Peers in Scotland at their Meeting, under the Seal of the Court where such Oath and Declaration shall be made, repeated and subscribed, shall be sufficient to entitle such Peer to make his Proxy, and to send a signed List, as aforesaid; in case any of the said Peers S of Scotland, who at any Time before the ilfuing of such Proclamation, have taken the said Oaths, and made and subscribed the said Declaration in England or Scotland, to be certified as aforesaid, and if taken 3 in

312 C 23-

Anno sexto Annas Regina;

A.D. 1707.

How Proxies hall be signed. No Peer to have more than two Proxies.

After election Lord Clerk Register to certify

Elections.

And not debate or treat of any Matter, C except only the Election

Confirmation of

land

in Parliament, to be certified under the Great Seal of Great Britain, shall at the Time of issuing such Proclamation be absent in the Service of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, such Peer may make his Proxy, or send a signed List,

V. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Peers of Scotland as are also Peers of England, shall sign their Proxies and Lists by the Title of their Peerage in Scotland.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Peer hall be capable of having more than two Proxies at one Time.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at such Meeting of the Peers, they hall all give in the Names of the Persons by them nominated to sit and vote in the House of Peers in the

________ Parliament of Great Britain, and the Lord Clerk Register, or two of the principal Clerks of the Session

the Names of the appointed by him to officiate in his Name, hall after the Election is made and duly examined, certify the j6 Peers elected. Names of the sixteen Peers so elected, and sign and attest the same in the presence of the Peers; which Certificate so signed and attested hall by the Lord Clerk Register, or two of the principal Clerks of the Sessions, be returned into her Majesty's High Court of Chancery of Great Britain, before the Time appointed for the Meeting of the Parliament.

How Peers shall

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Peers shall come to such Meetings come attended to with their Ordinary Attendants only, according to and under the several Penalties inflicted by the several Laws and Statutes now in Force in Scotland, which prescribe and direct with what Numbers and Attendants the Subjects there may repair to the public Courts of Justice.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it hall not be lawful for the Peers so assembled and met together for the cledling sixteen Peers to sit and vote in the House of Peers in the Parliament of Great Britain, to act, propose, debate, or treat of any other Matter or Thing whatsoever, except only the Election of the said sixteen Peers; and that every Peer who hall at such Meeting prefnmc to propose, debate, or treat of any other Matter or Thing contrary to the Direction of this Act, hall incur the Penalty of Pramunire expressed in the Statute of the sixteenth Year of King Richard the Second.

X. And be it further declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Matter and Things for theaftofparli or concerning the Election of sixteen Peers of Scotland, to sit and vote in the House of Peers in the parlia ament of Srot ment of Great Britain, directed and appointed to be observed and done by the Articles of Union, and the said recited Act of Parliament in Scotland, intituled, Ail settling the Manner of ele fling the sixteen Peers and fortyfive Members to represent Scotland in the Parliament of Great Britain, which Act, by an Act of Parliament in England in the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for an Union of the two Kingdoms of England, ard Scotland, was declared to be as valid as if the same had been Part of, and ingrossed in the Arricles of Union, thereby ratified and approved, hall be observed and performed, except only wherein this Act has further delared and provided.

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the sixteen Peers so chosen shall die, or become otherwise legally disabled to sit in the House of Peers of the Parliament of Great Britain, that her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors hall forthwith, after such Death or Disability; [ffue for^lcfling ue 3 Proclamation under the Great Seal of Great Britain, for electing another Peer of Scotland to sit in another, 5 the House of Peers of the Parliament of Great Britain, in the room of such Peer deceased, or otherwise legally disabled; Proclamation hall be published at such Time and Places as is herein enacted, touching Proclamations issued upon summoning a Parliament of Great Britain, and the Peers of Scotland being qualified as is hereby directed, hall proceed to elect a Peer of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers of the Parliament of Great Britain, in the Room of such Peer deceased, or otherwise legally disabled, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions and Regulations, as are by this Act directed to be observed upon the electing sixteen Peers of Scotland to sit in the House of Peers of the Parliament of Great Britain.

How Peers flia'l

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the more effectual Trial of any fonfmurdet" eer Great Britain that hath committed, or hall commit any High Treason, Petit Treason, Misprision comniitce/in C of Treason, Murder, or other Felonies in Scotland, Commission or Commissions may issue under the Great Scotland, Seal of Great Britain, to be directed to such Person and Persons as shall be therein named, eonftituting them and such a Number of them, as shall be therein mentioned, Justices of the Queen, her Heirs and successors, to inquire by the Oaths of good and lawful Men of such County and Counties of Scotland as - shall be named therein, of alltreasons, Misprisions of Treason, Murders, and other Felonies committed in such County by a Peer or Peers of Great Britain, which Inquisition hall be taken and made in the same Manner as Indictments sound and taken before Justices of Oyer and Terminer of any County of England, and shall be of the same Effect, and proceeded upon in the same Method as any Inquisition found before Justices of Oyer and Terminer in England, whereby any Peer is indicted for any such Offence; and such Justices shall issue Mandates or Precepts to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties of Scotland, to return to them at such Day and Place as they shall appoint, such and so many good and lawful Men of the same County, as may be sufficient, to inquire of the Offences aforesaid, and twelve or more of them so returned, being worn, shall be sufficient to make such Inquiry, and find any Indictment; and if the Sheriff of such County shall not summon a sufficient Kumber of Men to make Inch Inquisition, the Justices that do proceed upon such Commission may impose a fine upon such Sheriff, which shall be levied by Process out of the Exchequer; and if any of the Persons summoned by the Sheriff to inquire, as aforesaid, shall not appear, the justices may in like Manner impose a Fine upon such Person so making Default, to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

5 Anna?, C %. Exception,

In case of Death or Disability of Peer elected, Proclamation to

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto anne Regina. C 24. 313

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall refuse to take Persons refusing the Oath last herein before recited, or being a Quaker shall refuse to declare the Effect thereof upon his j? ^mait ftdemn Affirmation, as directed by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called bleot'vo' Quakers shall be accepted instead of an Oath in usual Form, (which Oath or Declaration the Sheriff, Prefi ting forelcftiin dent of the Meeting, or chief Officer taking the Poll, at any Election of Members to serve in the House of Member, cof Commons for any Place in Great Britain, or commissioners for choosing Burgesses for any Place in 7^s vv> 3 Scotland, at the Request of any Candidate or other Person present at such Election, are hereby empowered, 't' and required to administer) shall not be capable of giving any Vote for the Election of any such Member to serve in the House of Commons for any Place in Great Britain, or Commissioner to choose a Burgess for any Place in Scotland.

XIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being a Qua Quakers decb ker, shall refuse to take the said Oath, being tendred to him in Pursuance of an Act made this present not jjl

Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, but aye to penalties shall instead thereof, declare the Effect of the said Oath, upon his solemn Affirmation, as directed by an by 6ann. c. 14. Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, 7 & 8 w. 3. intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, Jloall be accepted inc 34 jlead of an Oath in usual Form, which Affirmation shall be administered to such Quaker instead of the said ff 1, 7 ' Oath, such Quaker shall not be liable to any the Penalties or Forfeitures for refusing the said Oath when tendred to him, contained or mentioned in the said Act, intituled, An Act for the better Security of 6 Anna?, C 14. her Majesty's Person and Government.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for the further directing the Payment of the Equivalent Money.

WHEREAS by the Treaty of Union, and fifteenth Article thereof, it is agreed, That Scotland

EXP.

shall have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof shall be charged towards Payment of the 5 Ann. C S.

Debts of England contrasted before the Union, in all Particulars whatsoever; and particularly, that the 3 geoc4

Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, should be granted to 398, 0851. 10s. ' her Majesty as an Equivalent to Scotland, for such Parts of the Customs and Excise there, as should be granted as an

applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England, according to the Proportions therein set down; Equivalent to

and in Regard that after the Union, Scotland becoming liable to the same Customs and Duties of Excises upon all exciseable Liquors as in England, as well on that Account as upon the Account of the Increase of Trade and People, the said Revenues will much improve beyond the Values mentioned in the said

of which no Estimate could be made, it was agreed, That after the Union there should be kept an Account of the said Duties arising in Scotland, to the end it might appear what ought to be answered to Scotland, as an Equivalent for such Proportion of the said Increase as Should be applicable to the Payment of the Debts of England, and for the further and more effectual answering the several Ends therein

after mentioned, it was agreed, That from and after the Union, the aforesaid whole Increase. of the

Revenues of Customs and Excises in Scotland therein expressed, should go and be applied for the Term

of seven Years to the Uses therein set down; and that upon the said Account there should be answered' Scotland annually, from the End of seven Years after the Union, an Equivalent, in Proportion to such Part of the said Increase as shall be applicable to the said Debts of England, and generally that an E ' quivalent Should be answered to Scotland for such Parts of the Debts of England as Scotland might there after become liable to pay, by Reason of the Union, other than such as are in the said Article express

fed; and as for the Uses to which the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five uses to which

Pounds ten Shillings, and other Moneys, which are to be answered or allowed to Scotland as aforesaid, the said Sum is

are to be applied, it was thereby agreed, That in the first Place, the Loftes which private Persons to be applied, viz.

mightsustain by reducing the Coin of Scotland to the Standard and Value of the Coin of England, might ^n^tiwcofn"

be made good; in the next Place, That the Capital Stock or Fund of the African and Indian Company capital Stock of of Scotland advanced, together with the Interest of the said Capital Stock after the Rate of five Pounds the African and

per Centum per Annum, from the respective Times of Payment thereof, Should be paid; and as to the O Indian Company. ' verplus of the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings,

and also the whole Increase of the said Revenue of Customs and Excise, above the then Values arising

the Term of seven Years, with the Equivalent which Should become due upon Improvement thereof, and also all other Sums, which, according to the aforesaid Agreement, should become payable to Scotland by Way of Equivalent, it was agrred, That the same should be applied in Manner follow.

viz. that all the public Debts of the Kingdom of Scotland, as should be adjusted by the then Par overplus moneys liament of Scotland, should be paid; and that two thousand Pounds per Annum, for the Space of seven how applied.

Years, should be applied towards encouraging the Manufacture of Course Wool, within those Shires which produce the Wool; and afterwards the same should he wholly applied for encouraging the Fishe ries, and such other Manufactures and Improvements in Scotland, as may most conduce to the general good of the united Ki. gdom: And whereas for preventing all Mistakes or Abuses which might hinder the ready Application of the aforesaid Money to the Proprietors and others concerned in the Stock of

African and Indian Company of Scotland, conform to the said Article, there was an Act made in the last Session of the last Parliament of Scotland, intituled, All concerning the Payment of the Sums out of the Equivalent to thp African Company, wherein it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Directors of the said African and Indian Company of Scotland, should make up Accounts of the Sums advanced by

314 C 25, 26. Anno sexto anne Regina. A.D. 1707.

the Proprietors of the said Company, and Debts due by the said Company, the whole, with Interest due f thereon, not exceeding two hundred thirty-two thousand eight hundred and eighty-four Pounds five

Shillings, and two third Parts of a Penny Sterling, on the first Day of May then next, and now past

appointed the Proprietors for their respective Shares to be paid, and to have Execution as therein also is expressed; in like Manner by another Act of the said Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Ail ( concerning the public Debts, the Payments to be made on Account of the public Debts of Scotland, are

adjusted as in the said fifteenth Article, and two Acts abovementioned, is more amply contained: And whereas the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand and eighty five Pounds ten Shillings, has

been paid for and on the Part of England, to the Commissioners of the Equivalent in Scotland, pursuant to the aforesaid Articles, and considerable Sums have by them been issued out, conform to the same, ' and the above recited Acts of the Parliament of Scotland, but by Experience it has been found, that f some further Direction is yet necessary for the better Application of what remains of the said Sum yet unapplied, and all other Sums which are or may become due by Virtue of the Agreements aforesaid, C and for the more effectual attaining the Ends mentioned in the said Article of the Treaty and Acts

Seefarthtr above recited; therefore her Majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Commons of Great Britain

f, 2°* ' in Parliament assembled, do humbly beseech her Majesty, that it may be enacted, &c.

CAP. XXV.

An Act to enable her Majesty to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands, and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same. All Leases made by Copy of Court Roll, or within seven Years next ensuing according to Custom of Manor, &c. to be good in Law. No Leaie to be for more than three Lives, or jr Years. All Covenants, &c. in Lease, &c. good. Salvo of Right to all Persons, &c. except the Queen, &c. On Payment of composition money for taking off increased Rent, such increased Rent to cease.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for settling and establishing a Court of Exchequer in the North Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ann, S.*I. WHEREAS n and by the nineteenth Article in a late Act of Parliament made in the fifth

Year of her now majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for an Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, it is amongst other Things provided, That there should be a Court of Exchequer in, ' Scotland after the said Union, for deciding Questions concerning the Revenues of Customs and Excise there, having the same Power and Authority in such Cases, as the Court of Exchequer has in England,

and that the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, have Power of passing Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and.

other Things, as the Court of Exchequer in Scotland then had, and that the Court of Exchequer that then was in Scotland, should remain until a new Court of Exchequer be settled by the Parliament of Great Britain in Scotland after the Union, which Union took effect upon the first Day of May in the sixth 1 Year of her now majesty's Reign one thousand seven hundred and seven, and thereby the said two

Kingdoms of England and Scotland became united into one Kingdom, by the Name of Great Britain '; To the Intent therefore that there may be a Court of Exchequer settled and established in Scotland, pursuant to the Purport and Meaning of the said recited Act, and of the nineteenth Article therein contained; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this prefept Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the

From first May lame, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eight, a Court of Excke. 17°?. a Court o qher^ to be called and known by the Name of The Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be, and by Aut erefled invcot t')or'ty of this Act is hereby erected, constituted, and established in and for that Part of Great Britain ca land; led Scotland, and that the said Court of Exchequer shall be and is hereby enacted to be a Court of Record,

ao, d to be a Court Revenge, and Judicature, for and within Scotland, and to have Continuance for ever, and to beheld Ke, ford for within the City of Edinburgh, at such Place or Places where the former Exchequer of Scotland before the said Union was usually held, or at such other Place or Places in Scotland, as by Authority from the queen's Majesty, her Heiis or Successors, and in Default thereof, by the Judges of the said Court of Exchequer for the Time being, shall from Time to Time be directed, limited or appointed.

II. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer of Great bri tain for the Time being, ar such other Person and Persons as by Commissions from the queen's Mar and fuc^othere jesty> her Heirs and Successors, under the Seal which by the said Articles of Union is appointed to be wquei n/ballap Jtept, ip Scotland, from Time to Time, shall be ordained, constituted, or appointed to be the chief Baron, point to be chief and other Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be the Judges of and in the said Court, Baron and Ba and the said Lord High Treasurer and Barons, and the said Barons in the Absence of the said Lord high chtuer ihaube Treasurer, shall have and put in Execution all and every the Judicial and other Powers and Authorities' Judge of the said 01 longing, or which shall or may appertain or belong to the said Court, or wherewith the said Court Court. shall be inverted, and the said Barons shall remain, and have Continuance in their respective Offices and'

And continue in Places quam diu Je bene gefferint; which Barons of the Exchequer are to be made of such as have been, arp the r or shall be Sergeants at Law, or Barristers of Law of five Years Handbag in some of the four Inns of Court

gefterint!* !n a' fflbw, or else of such Persons as shall have been, are or shall be Advocates in the College of Justice 7 Geo. 2, C z6. in Shetland for Eve Years) and the said Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall respectively take the same

Oaths

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annje Regina;. C 26. 315

Oaths of Office, mutatis mutandis, and other Oaths, as the Barons of thd Coart of Exchequer in England And take the have used, or ought to take, upon their Admissions into their respective Offices, the said Oaths to be ra "e °aths of taken for the first Time before the Court of Session in open Court, in case the said Court be sitting, or otherwise, in case the said Court be not then sitting, before any three of the Lords of Session, and at all rcns ln nan Times hereafter before the said Court of Exchequer; and the said chief Baron and Barons shall use and And wearfoth wear such Robes and Habits as the chief Baron and Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England, do use Rofcei, C and wear, or such other Robes or Habits as her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, shall appoint.

III. And it is futher enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be in the said Court of Ex °t!ler t chequer in Scotland, the several Offices following, that is to say, The Office of queen's Remembrancer, ^". 'af the Office of Lord treasurer's Remembrancer, the Office of Clerk of the Pipe, and such other Offices LIII"

now in being in the Court of Exchequer in England, or are now in being in Scotland, relating to Signatures, Gifts, and tutories, as the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall from Time to Time

think fit and proper, to be confiituted and appointed under the Seal which by the said Artitles of Union is appointed to be kept in Scotland; and that such Persons shall be the Masters or chief Officers of and in the said respective Offices, and for such Term, Estate, and Interest therein, as the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall from Time to Time by Letters Patents under the Seal aforesaid ordain or appoint, and that the said Masters or chief Officers of the aforesaid several Offices shall have and appoint from Time to Time under them, and in their respective Offices, such and so many Attorneys and Clerks as shall be fit and proper for the business in their respective Offices; which said Masters and chief Officers, as also the said Attorneys and Clerks, shall, before their Admissions into their Offices or Places respectively, take such Oath or Oaths in the said Court, or before the chief Baron, Or one of the Barons of the said Court, for their faithful and honest Carriage and Behaviour in their said Offices respectively, as the like Officers, Attorneys, and Clerks in the Court of Exchequer in England have used and ought to do, or as by the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall for that Purpose be devised and appointed.

IV. Provided nevertheless, That the said several chief Officers in the respective Offices aforesaid, a's dfncess. C also the said Attorneys, Clerks, and other Officers of or belonging to the said Court of Exchequer in Scot may be panilhe4 land for the Time being, shall all of them be subjchl and obedient to the said Court of Exchequer, and may for Neglect of be suspended, punished, or amoved by the said Court for Neglectt of Duty, or for Crimes and Mifde Demeanors in their respective Offices and Places, or other just Causes.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be a.seal to be assigned orq, een toafitgni appointed by the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Sealing all such Letters Patents', s^l forths Lrrants, Commissions, Writs, Precepts, and other Process and Proceedings, which shall issue out of or Court.

be awarded by the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or ought or shall be clireefed to pass under the Seal of the said Court; which Seal shall be kept in the Custody of the chief Baron of the said Court of Exche chief Baron t quer in Scotland, for the Time being; and the said chief Baron of such Person or Persons as he shall de keep the same, pute, and for whom he wall be answerable, shall therewith seal all Letters Patents, Grants, Commissions,

Writs, Precepts, and other Process and Proceedings before mentioned, which shall be brought to be sealed; for that Purpose shall attend at proper and convenient Times and Places to be directed by the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or any of the Barons thereof (in case any Question shall arise touching the same;,) and the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland is hereby empowered from Time to Time to Court may con dcptite and appoint all such other Officers, Ministers, Clerks, Servants, and Attendants for the consti Ruute other of tuting of which there is no other Provision made by this Act, as shall be thought convenient for the Use |cers> dr and Service of the said Court, and for the carrying on and Dispatch of the Business therein, subject and court* liable nevertheless to be suspended, punished, and amoved, and to the taking of such Oaths, mutatis mu who shall take tandis, for the faithful Execution of their respective Offices, Places, and Employments, as herein before the Oaths, cis provided for any the Officers, Attorneys or Clerks in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and all11 Sheriffs Ac, and every the Sheriffs, by themselves or their sufficient Deputies for whom they are to be answerable, and to be Attendants other Officers, Ministers, and Subjects in Scotland, are hereby enjoined and required to be from Time to Time aiding, assisting, obedient to, and attendant upon the said Court of Exwequer in Scotland, and the Judges and Jurisdiction thereof, in all Things relating to the said Court of Exchequer, which do, may, of shall any ways touch or concern their respective offices or Duties in any manner of wise, and shall be liable and subject to such Penalties and Punishments for negledi of their Duties, or for any Contempts of Disobedience to the said Court, or the Process thereof, or for any other Neglect Contemptor Offence as shall be fetor imposed upon them reflectively by the said Court of Exchequer.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Revenues and Duits jurioiftion ties of Customs and Excise, and all and every other the Revenues, Debts, Duties, and Profits of what and Authority. Nature or Kind soever, any ways appertaining, or which hereafter shall appertain to the qye'en's Majesty, her Heirs or Successors within Scotland, either as Queen of Great Britain, or as Prince and Steward of Scotland, and act Honours, Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Scotland, which now do, or hereafter shall appertain to the queen's Majesty, her Heir's or Successors, by Force or Virtue of any Attainder, Outlawry, Seizure for any Crime or Cause of Forfeiture, Debt, or Duty, or upon any Extent, Commission, or otherwise, or by Force and Virtue of the Royal prerogative, or by any other Right or Title whatsoever, and all and every the Rents, Issues, and Profits thereof, of of any of them, and also all and every the Goods, Chattels, Debts, Credits, Rights, Titles, and Personal Estates within Scotland, any ways accruing or belonging, or which hereafter shall belong to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by Force or Virtue of the Royal Prerogative, or of any Attainder, Outlawry, Extent, Inquisition, Debt, Duty, or Forfeiture, or by any other Right, Title, Ways, or Means whatsod

S s a'ever.

316 C 26. Anno sexto anne Reginae. A.D. 1707.

ever, and all the Remedies and Means for the recovering the same, or the Possession thereof, and all Accounts relating thereto, and also all and every Forfeitures and Penalties which have been incurred, or shall or may incur or become any ways due and payable in Scotland, by Force or Virtue of any Law or Statute touching or relating to the Customs or Excise, or by Force or Virtue of any penal or other Laws or Statutes whatsoever, and also all Fines, Issues, Forfeitures, or Penalties, of what nature or kind soever happening arising or accruing to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs or Successors within Scotland, and all Informations, Actions, Suits or Demands, and also all Obligations, Recognizances, Specialties and other Securities, touching or concerning the before mentioned Matters and Things, and all Prosecutions, Remedies, and Accounts, for or concerning the same, or other the Premises, shall be within the Jurisdiction and Authority of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and hereby are annexed to the said Court; and the Barons of the said Court for the time being, shall have and exercise, and by virtue of this alare and Power yetted in shall be inverted with all Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions as well judicial as otherwise, for the hear the Barons. ing and determining of all Actions, Suits, and Questions in Law or Equity, touching the aforesaid Revenues, Honours, Castles, Manors, Lands, Tenements, Goods, Chattels, Debts, Duties, Forfeitures, Penalties, Profits, and all other Matters or Things herein before mentioned, and annexed to the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or the Jurisdiction thereof; and that the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall and may add, do, and proceed therein and thereupon in every Respect whatsoever, as by Law, or as the Court of Exchequer in England, by the Constitution, Course, or Practice of or in the said Court, hath been or is enabled, or hath used or practised to do in the like Cases in England, and upon and in all such Informations, Actions, Suits, or Demands, or touching or concerning any the Premises, or any the Proceedings thereupon, shall and may make all such Orders and Rules, and direct, award, and issue all such Writs, Precepts, Process, and Methods of Proceedings, as hath or have been, is, are, or may be done or practised in the same or like Carts in the Court of Exchequer in England; all which Informations, Actions, Suits, and Prosecutions, Process, and Proceedings relating thereto, or to any the Premises shall be had, made, and done in the Office of the Remembrancer of the queen's Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland are hereby authorised and required, in case of any Neglect or Default by any the Plaintiffs or Defendants in any the said Informations, Actions, or Suits, or in any other Informations, Actions, or Suits which shall be commenced, sued, or prosecuted in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any Matter or Cause whatsoever within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, to give and cause Judgments to be entered against any the Parties making Default to plead or proceed to Trial, and for Recovery and Condemnation of any Goods, Chattels, or other Things seized as forfeited, and for which no Claim shall be duly entered, and to give and cause Judgments to be entered in Cases of Demurrers joined in any the said Causes depending before them, and to do, act, and proceed in and about all and every the Premises, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England, by Law, or by the Course and Method of Proceedings in that Court, should or might, or could do, or order to be done in such or the like Cases, Matters, or Things, in case the same were or should be depending in the said Court of Exchequer in England, and upon any Issues joined in any the said Causes, or in any other Causes triable in the said Court Causes friable by upon Matters of Fact, or which would be triable or inquirable by Juries (if the same were in England) the Juries, Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, are hereby authorised and required to cause the same to be tried, either

at the Bar of the said Court, or elsewhere, at such Time's and Places as shall be for that Purpose by the Court appointed, by a Jury of twelve Persons of that County, Shire, City, or Place in Scotland, where the said Matters in Issue to be tried did arise, or of such other County, Shire, City, or Place in Scotland, where the said Court of Exchequer shall order or direct the same to be laid and tried; each of which Jurymen shall at the Time of such Trial have and be seized in his own Right, or Right of his Wife, of Lands or Tenements of an Estate of Inheritance, or for his or her Life, within the County, Shire, City, or Place from whence the Jury is to come, of the yearly Value of five Pounds at the least, or shall be then worth in Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate, the Sum of two hundred Pounds Sterling at least, and for want thereof, or for any just and reasonable Cause, shall be subject to be challenged and set aside; in all Verdicts to be given by the Juries, the whole Number of twelve must agree; and the said Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and such of them before whom any such Trials shall be, or shall be appointed to be, shall, by virtue of this Act have full Power and Authority to proceed to such Trials, and, to make, award, and issue all such Orders, Rules, Writs, and other Process, and do or cause to be done, all other Acts, Matters, and Things of what Nature soever, as well in order to any such Trials and Notices for the same, as in, upon, and after the said Trials, in every Respect whatsoever, whether with Relation to Sheriffs and other Officers, Parties, Jurors, Witnesses, Challenges, or other Matters or Proceedings in, about, or relating to any such Trials, or the Verdicts to be taken thereupon, or Nonsuits therein, and have and execute as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes, all Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, relating to, or proper for any such Trials, or the Matters for which such Trials shall or ought to be, in every Respect whatsoever, and for awarding Costs upon the Account of any such Trials, or for not proceeding to Trial, and for awarding any new or other Trials, as the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in England, or any of them, before whom any Trials, either at the Bar, or otherwise, have been or should have been by the Laws of England, or by the Constitution, Power, or Practice of the said Court of Exchequer in England, or by virtue of any Law or Statute, Commission or Authority whatsoever, hath or have been, is or are enabled, or have used to make, do, or execute in or concerning any such or the like Trials or Cases in England, and after any such Trials had, the said Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the Officers, Attorneys, and Clerks in the said Court, shall and are hereby enabled and required to give Rules, and do all other Things in order for Judgments to be entered in the said

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginae. C 26. 317

Court of Exchequer in Scotland, upon the Records of Trials at Bar, and of the Returns of Records of Nisi priiis in case of Trials in the Countries, as are, have been, or may be used or practised in like Cases in the Court of Exchequer in England; and the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland may and lb all proceed to give Judgement according to the Right of the Caufts, and to award Executions upon such Judgments, and to do and award all and every Act, Matter, and, Thing touching and relating to any such Trials, Judgments, or Executions, as by Law, or the Rules, Orders or Directions of the Court of Exchequer in England, or by the Laws or Statutes in England, or hath or have been or ought to be used in such or the like Cases.

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Batons of Barons In or oot the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or any one or more of them, either in Court or out of Court, shall ^feccoi"it 50 uk: have full Power and Authority to take all Manner of Recognizances and Securities for Debts, and that all so^dcbb^&c. Obligations, Recognizances, Specialties, and other Securities for any the Revenues, Rents, Debts, Duties, Accounts, Profits, or other Things accruing, or which shall or may become due or accrue to the

queen's Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, within Scotland, or which shall in any wise concern or relate thereto, or any the Officers, Ministers, or Accountants thereof, or for the same, or which shall be taken in or by Order of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or upon any other Account for the Life or Benefit of the Crown, or for securing any the Revenues, Debts, or Duties of the Crown, shall be taken in the Name of the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and to be paid to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and successors, with other proper Words, and with and under such Conditions as shall be suitable to the Matter for which they shall be taken, and shall have the full Force and Effect of any Obligations, Recognizances, and Specialties, which have been or may be taken or acknowledged in the Court of Exchequer in England, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of the Statute in that Behalf made in Engl mid in the three and thirtieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, or any other Law 33 H. 8. c. 59, or Statute, or any Practice, Custora, or Usage in the Court of Exchequer in England, or by Virtue of the Royal Prerogative; and that all Suits and Prosecutions upon any the said Obligations, Recognizances, and Specialties, or for any Revenues, Debts, or Duties any Ways due or payable to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, within Scotland, shall be in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and her All Suits and Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall be preferred and have Preference in all Suits and Proceedings in Prosecutions?.?. Laid Court of Exchequer in Scotland, according to the said Statute of the three and thirtieth Year of uet

King Henry the Eighth, and according to the Usage, Course, and Practice of the Court of Exchequer in Courn^England, and shall have and enjoy such and the same Prerogatives, as well in and about Pleadings, and in all other Matters and Things, as by any the Laws in England, or Course of Exchequer in England, have been, are or ought to be allowed; and as well the Bodies, as the Lands and Tenements, Debts, Credits, and Specialties, Goods, Chattels, and personal Estate of all Debtors or Accountams to the Crown, or their Debtors in Scotland, shall be subject and liable, and shall and may be made subject and liable by Extent, Inquisition and Seizures, or by any other Process, Ways, or Means, to the Payment of such Debts, Duties, or Revenues to the Crown, and in such and the same Manner and Form, to all Intents and Purposes as hath been, or is used in the Court of Exchequer in England in like Cases.

VIII. Provided nevertheless, That no Debt or Duty from any the Debtors or Accountants to the Crown No Debt, C to in Scotland, shall affect or subject any real Estate in Scotland, of any such Debtors or Accountants, to the the Crown in Payment or Satisfaction of any such Debt or Duty, further or otherwise, or in any other Manner or Form Scotland to sob than such real Estate may or ought to be subject and liable by the Laws of Scotland, and that the Laws of estate^lre Scotland shall, in all such Cases, and for all such Purposes, hold Place and be observed; thing in this oherwife than Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding: And for all the Purposes in this Act mentioned, the by the Laws of said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and the Barons and other Officers thereof and therein, shall have, Scotland, exercise, and put in Execution within Scotland, all and every the Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, Barons to as to all Matters and Things whatsoever, arising or happening, or which have or shall arise and happen e*r*hereby cw" within Scotland, touching or concerning any the aforesaid Revenues or Duties of Customs and Excite, and grtnter. 1 other Revenues, Debts, or Duties, Obligations, Securities, Judgments, or Specialties, or the Recovery of the same, or of any other the Premises, which the Court of Exchequer in England, or the Barons or Officers thereof, by virtue of the said Statute made in England in the said three and thirtieth Year of the reign of King Henry the Eighth, or of any other Statute made and in Force in England, or by the Con -- stitution, Course, or Practice used in the Court of Exchequer in England, have or ought to have performed or put in Execution in England, as fully and amply to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers,

Authorities, and Jurisdiction were ip this Act particularly expressed and thereby enacted; so nevertheless, that nothing be done to make the real Estate in Scotland of any Debtor or Accountant to the Crown, there, subject or liable to the Payment of any Debts or Duties to the Crown, farther or otherwise than they may or ought to be by the Laws of Scotland, according to the Purport of the Proviso last herein before mentioned; and the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall and may act and do in respect to any the Parties in Lawor Equity to any Action, Information, Suit, or Prosecution in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in such Cases, Sort, and Manner as by any the Laws or Statutes in England, or the Use and Practice of the Court of Exchequer there, touching the awarding of Colts, and iituing Process and Execution for the same, hath or have used to be done.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Statutes in England of Jeofails, ai Statutes in and for Amendments, shall extend to all such Actions, Informations and Suits, to be brought in the Court England of jeo

fails, C to extend to all Actions brought in Court of Exchequer in Scotland, cof

31.8

Four Terms to be kept every Year,

During which Barons to hear and determine Causes.

appoint

Days and Times said Court, and set and impose upon all such Sheriffs and other Officers and Persons, Bodies Politic or for Returns of Corporate, to whom the Execution of such Writs or Process do or shall appertain, such Issues, fine<j r'ts' Amerciaments, and Penalties, as to the said Court shall seem fit and reasonable; and the Paid Barons in

CC e 31* Court, or any of them out of Court, shall take Bails, Recognizances, and other Securities, Informations, Bills, Answers, and Affidavits, and take and declare Accounts, and do and execute all Matters and Things relating to the Business or Jurisdictfion of the said Court, as fully to all Intents and purposes, as the Barons of the Exchequer in England, or any of them, have or do use in such or the like Cases in or out of Court there; And tioldpleu in and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, are hereby also authorised and enabled to hold Plea Equity by Engin Equity by English Bill, Petition, or Suit to be brought or exhibited in the said Court, by or against the list BUI, Attorney or Advocate General of the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, on her or their Behalf, or for her or their Interest, or by or against any other Person or Persons any Ways concerned in or abovit. any the Revenues, Debts, or Duties before mentioned, touching the said Revenues, Debts, or Duties, for any Discovery or Relief in Equity; and in and upon such Bills, Petitions and Suits, the said Court And award pro of Exchequer shall and are hereby enabled to issue and award Process of Subpoena, or Diflringas, and all Us thereon. other usual and proper process for compelling the Parties Defendants to or in such Suits, to put in their Answers, and make their Defences to such Bills, Petitions, or Suits, and for the Parties to such Suits to proceed therein and thereupon, according to such Rules or Orders, and in such Manner and Form as the Court of Exchequer in England hath used to proceed by; and upon iitues joined in any the said Causes or Suits in Equity, the Court of Exchequer in Scotland is to cause Witnesses to be examined (if desired on either Side) by Commissions to be awarded for that Purpose, or by sworn Examiners, and after Publication of the Depositions of the Witnesses, to proceed to the hearing of the said Causes, and upon the Proofs and Evidence therein or thereupon, or upon Bill and Answer where no Witnesses shall be examined And make Or or Proofs made, to make such Orders and Decrees either for the Relief of the Plaintiffs, or for directing skrs and Decrees. any Jflbg or jffueg at Law to be tried for the Information of the Conscience of the Court, or for dismissing of the said Plaintiff Bills, or otherwise, as to the said Court shall seem just and reasonable, and as is or hath been used in the Court of Exchequer in England; save only that all Issues at Law directed, as aforesaid, for the Information of the Conscience of the Court, shall be and are hereby ordered to be made up and proceeded upon in the said queen's remembrancer's Office in Scotland, in such Manner as such issues Issues are used to be made up anti proceeded upon in the Office of Pleas in the Court of Exchequer in England; and the said Court shall award such process for the enforcing any of the Parties to such Suits to perform and yield Obedience to such orders or Decrees as shall be made in the said Causes, and in case of nonperformance thereof, or Disobedience thereunto, the said Court shall award all such Process of Contempt against the Persons and estates of him, her, or them that shall be in Contempt, or refiife Obedience to any the said Orders or Decrees, as hath been used and practised in like Cases, in or by the Court of Exchequer in England, and make and execute like Process - and Proceedings thereupon, as are used in the Court of Exchequer in England, in Irke Cases.

Earons to enjoy X And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid That the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in scot u'es^t Mtm lnr, d, and ail and every the Officers and Members of the said Court of Exchequer shall be intituled to, and have bers of the Col and enjoy such and the same Privileges and Immunities, as the Members of the College of Justice have lege of Justice, and enjoy by the Lav, Custom, and Practice in Scotland, excepting only that they may be pursued in &c. Justice before the Lords of Session for Causes not competent to the Court of Exchequer.

All Officers of

XL. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Officers and persons employed the Revenues in or to be employed in or about the collecting, receiving, managing, paying, answering, or accounting Scotland to be for any the Revenues or Duties of Customs or Excise, or other Crown Revenues, Debts, or Duties in of Scotland, shall be under and subject to the Rules, Orders, Directions, Authority, Power, and Jurisdiction the cour of £*- f tlle Lid Court of Exchequer in Scotland, in all Things touching the said Revenues, Debts, Duties, or tliequer. Accounts, and touching the collecting, ordering, and Management thereof.; and the paying and answering

the same, and concerning any Securities to be given, or Oaths to be taken relative thereto, which are not, or shall not be contrary to, or iiiconfiftent with the cominanjs, Orders, and Directions in Force, cf or from the queen's Majesty, Heirs or Successors, or of or from the Lord High Treasurer of Great

I Britain,

C 26. Anno sexto anne Reginae. A.D. 170ji

of Exchequer in Scotland, for the Recovery of any Debt, Duty or Revenue due to the Crown, as fully and amply, to all Intents and Purposes, as they do or ought to extend to the Court of Exchequer in England, or any Causes or Proceedings therein in such or the like Cases; and that in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, there shall be kept and observed four Terms in every Year, whereof one of them shall be called Martimnas Term, and shall yearly commence upon the third Day of November, and end on the twenty-ninth Day of November; and another of them shall be called by the Name of Candlemas Term, and shall yearly commence upon the twenty-third Day of January, and end upon the twelfth Day of February yearly; and another of them shall be called by the Name of whitsuntide Term, and shall yearly commence upon the twenty-fifth Day of May, and shall end on the fifteenth Day of June following; and the fourth of them shall be called by the Name of Lammas Term, and shall yearly commence on the twentieth Day of July, and shall end on the eighth Day of August following; and if any of the said Days on which any of the said Terms should begin or end, shall happen to be a Sunday, then such Term respectively shall begin or end the next Day following; in and during which Terms the Barons of the said Court shall sit therein, and hear and determine the Business, Causes, Matters and Things depending, or which shall, may, Or ought to be prosecuted in the said Court, either in Law or Equity, or which shall or may concern the Revenues, Debts, Duties, Matters, or Things within the Jurisdiction of the said Court, and that either with or without any Adjournment to or for any Time or Place; and that the said Barons shall and may order and appoint the Days and Times for the Returns of Writs or Process issuing out of, and returnable in die

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Regina?. C 26. 319

Britain, or the Lords Commissioner3 of the Treasury in Great Britain for the Time being; and that all and every such Person and Persons, as is, or rre, or shall be appointed under the aforesaid Seal, which by the Articles of Union is appointed to be kept in Scotland, to be the Auditor or Auditors of the said Revenues of customs or Excise, or other Crown Revenues or Duties whatsoever in Scotland, or any Part Auditor; of the thereof, shall take the same, or like Oath, nnitatis mutandis, for the due Execution of his or their Office Revenues to take of Offices, before the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, as any Auditor of arty the Crown auditors?jth*" Revenues in England hath or have used or ought to take; and such Auditor or Auditors Avail have the ta England. king and making up all the said Accounts, which being sworn to by the respective Accountants as to the And have the Truth thereof, and allowed and declared by and before the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, or before making up of the the Chief Baron, or some other of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, the same shall be examined, Accounts, arc. enter'd, and enrolled in the Offices of Remembrancer of the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; Particulars and Vouchers of such Account, contained in a Bag for that Purpose, Avail be there left, and such Account Avail be also entered in the Office of Lord treasurer's Remembrancer, in such and the like Manner as is and hath been used in the like Offices in England, and then Avail be delivered into the Pipe Office in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland; and the Clerk of the Pipe or Chief Officer in that Office, or his Deputy (in Case that Office Avail be executed by Deputy) shall cause the said Accounts to be examined, and if found true, to be entered and enrolled in the said Office, and shall make and give a £htietus or Discharge to the Accountant thereupon, which Avail be a Discharge to and for such Accountant, as to all the Revenues, Duties, Matters, and Things therein, and thereby accounted for, paid, and answered; if any Supers or Arrears Avail be set upon the Accountant, or any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, by.or upon the said Account, the Court of Exchequer in Scotland avail award all proper and effectual Process to be made and issued out of such one of the two Remembrancers Offices, as the Court Avail direct, for the speedy accounting for, levying and receiving of all such Supers and Arrears, and answering the same to the Use of the Crown, in such Sort and Manner as in like Cases may by Lavy be done, or hath been used, in the Court of Exchequer in England.

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Party to any

to and for any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, Party or Parties to any Judgement which Judgement given avail be given in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, his, her, or their Heirs, Executors or Admini E

strators, or such other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be Privy to, and af brintywriyof fefted by such Judgement, and who by Law is or are intituled to bring and maintain a Writ or Writs of Error upon such) Error thereupon, to sue and prosecute out of the Court of Chancery in England a Writ or Writs of Error, Judgement re to be made in usual Manner upon any such Judgement, returnable in the Parliament of Great Britain, urnable in pic" and such and the like Securities, Matters and Things, Way and Method of Proceedings, Avail and may llan: t "tr

be had therein and thereupon, and relating thereunto, as have been, are, or may be used and practised upon, or concerning Writs of Error returnable in Parliament, upon any Judgement in any the Courts in England, and upon or relating to" the Affirming or Reversal of such Judgments, and the Proceedings thereupon in like Cases; and every Person or Persons against whom any Orders or Decrees in eng lish Causes Aiall be made in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, Avail and may have and puriue such and the like Relief and Redress therein, as any Person or Persons, against whom any Orders or Decrees in the Court ol Exchequer in England have been or Avail be made, may have and pursue in like Cases.

XIII. Provided also, That the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being shall have Lord Treasurer and exercise all such Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, about or relating to any the Revenues or Du° have, he(arn' ties of Custom and Excise, and other the Crown Revenues, Duties, or Treasure within Scotland, and the (oath Revenue getting in, paying, issuing, and accounting for the same, or any Part thereof, as fully and amply, to of Scotland.' all Intents and Purposes, as the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain for the Time being, by vir as he hath rela tue of such his Office, hath, or may, or can have or exercise about or concerning any the Crown 'ing to those of Revenues, Debts, or Duties in England; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and all Manner of Fines, How all Fires, Hues, Amerciaments, forfeited Recognizances, or Penalties, and other Forfeitures, of what Nature or

Kind soever, which Avail or may be set, imposed by, or incurred, or become forfeited in the said Court pai(jevle 3b of Exchequer in Scotland, shall be levied by the Authority and Process of the said Court, and paid and answered to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, although the Persons or their Lands or Tenements, Goods, or Chattels, liable to the same Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, Penalties, or Forfeitures beer remain in any Part of Scotland whatsoever.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That in Case any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, his, Persons hewing her, or their Heirs, Successors, Executors, or Administrators, Avail allege, plead, declare, or Avew in the good Cause in said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, good, perfebl, sufficient Cause and Matter in Law, Reason, or good l'ourt> in Bar of Conscience, in Bar or Discharge of any Fines, Issues, Amerciaments, forfeited Recognizances, or any other Forfeitures, Debts, or Duties due or payable to the Crown, or why such Person or Persons ought cryaw, Counts not to be charged or chargeable, to or with the same, and the same Cause and Matter so alleged, allow the same, pleaded, declared, or five wed, sufficiently proved in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, That then oath said Court hall have full Power and Authority to accept, adjudge, and allow the same, and wholly and clearly to acquit and discharge all and every the said Persons, which Avail be impleaded or fued1 for the '( same, or to make and take any sitting and reasonable Composition for the same, as in the Judgments and Discretiona of the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, upon hearing of the Attorney or Advocate General, or other learned Couvvfel of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, Avail be found and thought just

320 C 26.

Anno sexto anne Reginae.

A.D. 1707.

Barons to pass Sheriffs Ac

and charge and discharge them,

Parliament made in

not contrary to the Articles of Union to extend to Scotland, and cognizable in the Court of Exchequer,

and reasonable, and to proceed and aft therein, and g; ive Discharges thereupon, in such Sort and Manner as hath been and is used and praftil ed in the like Cases in and by the Court of Exchequer in England; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Barons of the Court of exche qurr in Scotland, Brail have full Power and Authority by virtue of this Act, to take and pass the Accounts of all Sheriffs, and other Officers in Scotland, who have or shall have the Execution of any the Process issuing out of and returnable in the said Court of Exchequer, for the levying of any Revenue or Money for the Crown, and to charge and discharge them according to Right and Justice, and that in such Manner and Form, as the said Sheriffs and Officers befon. the said Union were used to be charged and discharged, and to have their Accounts passed, or as the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer shall order, director appoint.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Act and Acts of Parliament made in England, and in Force there, touching and concerning any Customs or Subsidies there, and cornin'1 Customs an cvel7 Act and Acts of Parliament made in England, and now in Force, touching and concern

or subfdies there, ing any Excises there, and all and every the Authorities, Powers, Jurisdictions, Qualifications of Officers or excise, C and.seizers, Directions for Navigation, and for carrying Goods Coastwise, Forfeitures, Penalties, Duties, and the v/ays and Means for the recovering of them, or any of them, and all other Matters and Things in them, or any of them contained, which are not contrary to or inconsistent with the aforesaid Articles of the Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland, or any of them, shall extend to Scotland, and shall and may be cognofcilde in, and put in Execution by the Court of Exchequer in Scotland as to all Matters and Things happening or arising in Scotland, as fully and amply, to all Intents and purposes, as the same, or any of them, do extend, or may, or might be put in Execution, as to any Matter or Things touching and concerning Customs and Excises, or any other the Matters or Things aforesaid, happening or arising in England; and all Offences and Offenders in any the said Matters, shall and may be sued and prosecuted for the same in the said Court of Exchequer in sco land; and the Merchants and other Persons intituled to any Benefits, Allowances, Advantages, or Remedies touching or concerning any the said Customs or Excises in Scotland, shall have and enjoy the same in Scotland, as fully and amply, > to all Intents and Purposes, as they may or might if the same were or arose in England, and the Officers of the Customs and Excise in Scotland are required to make and allow the same accordingly; and the Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland are required and enabled to cause Right to be done by and to all Persons concerned therein.

Queen to appoint

XVIII. And for the better and more effectual ascertaining the Ports, Members, Creeks, and Havens what further in Scotland, where Goods and Merchandizes have been or may be exported and imported, and the several key's Wharves, and other Places where the same may be put on board any Ship or Vessel for transportation, or be unshipt or unladen upon Importation; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, thar the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall and may, from time to time, by Commission or Commissions out of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, assign and, appoint all such further Places, Ports, Members, and Creeks in Scotland, as shall be lawful for the landing and discharging, lading, or shipping of any Goods, Wares, or Merchandizes in Scotland, and to what ancient and head Ports respectively such Places, Members, or Creeks shall respectively appertain; and where any such Place, Member, or Creek shall be so appointed, as aforesaid, the Customer, Collector, comptroller, and Searcher of the head Port, shall by themselves, or their sufficient Deputy or Deputies, Servant or Servants, reside and inhabit, for the entering, clearing and parting, shipping and discharging of Ships, Goods, and Merchandise, and by virtue of the said Commission or Commissions may likewise set down and appoint the Extents, Bounds, and Limits of every Port, Haven, or Creek in Scotland, whereby the Extents, Officers of Cu Limits, and Privileges of every Port, Haven, or Creek in Scotland may be ascertained and known; after stoms to resideat which Appointment so made, the said Ports, Members, and Creeks so appointed, shall be observed.and such Places. used for Importation and Exportation, in the same Manner, and subject to and under such Orders and Regulations, and to the same Effect, as the like Ports, Creeks, and Members appointed in England for Exportation or Importation there, are or ought to be by the Laws of England.

Court impower'd '

XIX. And whereas by the aforesaid recited Article of the Treaty ofunion it is provided. That the to receive Refig Court of Exchequer in Scotland h2ve Power of parting Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and in other Things nations of Baro as the Court of Exchequer in Scotland at the Time of the said Treaty had Be it therefore enacted by the whhrh were in"' Authority aforesaid, That the Court of Exchequer in Scotland shall have Power to receive Resignations in ufcct0 be resign ber majesty's Name of all Baronies, Lands, Lordships, Tithes, Jurisdictions. and all other Rights which were in Use to be resigned and received in her Majesty's Name in the Exchequer, at the Time of the said Treaty; and that Signatures, Gifts, Tutories", and other Things which were presented. and compounded, or which were passed or given by the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or Court of Exchequer there at the Time of the said Treaty, shall be given in, resigned, presented, revised, compounded, and expedited as formerly, with this Alteration only, That the Presenter of Signatures shall present the said Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and other Things to the said Chief Baron and Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland, who are hereby, authorised and empowered to revise and compound the same, in the same Manner, and with the same Powers as the said Lord High Treasurer or Commissioners of Treasury of Scotland might have done, and thereafter in a Court of Exchequer, to hear Parties concerned, and to pass all such Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and other Things aforesaid, and especially to declare and appoint Fines, as the Court of Exchequer might have done at the Time of the said Treaty and such Signatures, Gifts, Tutories, and other Things aforesaid being passed in the Exchequer, shall be recorded by the proper Clerks, and thereafter be expedited at the proper Seals, as at

Places, Ports, C in Scotland, shall be lawful for landing or shipping Goods, C

: C in the court of Exchequer.

321

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Annje Regina?. C 27.

the Time of the said Treaty by the Law and Practice of Scotland was required: Reserving nevertheless full Power to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, to receive Resignations immediately in her or their Royal Hands, and to grant all Signatures, Gifts, and other Things, in the same Manner as her Majesty could have done at the Time of the aforesaid Treaty.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Barristers at Law, Advocates or English Counsel counsellors, who may plead and practice before the Court of Exchequer in England, or before the Court lors, C may of Section in Scotland, have and shall have Right and Privilege to plead and practice before the said Court J A" cire

<» p; rt 1'> 0 ° 1*quer gourt III

01 Exchequer in Scotland. -. Scotland.

XXI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the two principal Clerks of Exchequer in Scotland, and How offices for other Officers in that Court, who have Grants of their Offices during Life, or of Inheritance, shall en Life shall be enjoy their Offices according to the Nature of their Gifts, except in so far as these Offices are inconsistent joyed, with the Constitution of Exchequer, as the same is settled by this Act: In which Case, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person having Right to any such Office, shall be provided in one or other of the Offices established by this Act, equal in Value to what they now enjoy, to hold for Life, or in Fee respectively, or have some other equivalent Recompense for the Loss of such Office.

XXII. Provided always, That the Validity, orlnvalidity and Preference of the Title of the Crown to Crown Title to any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, or to Casualties belonging to the Crown, l2"ds>&c to b. c. shall continue to be tried and decided in the Court of Session as was used, and of Right ought to have c°utt S been by the Law and Practice of Scotland', at the Time of the Union, and not otherwise; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Officer, Minister, Clerk, or; Table of officers other Person employed in the said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall ask, demand, receive, or take from feet be hung any of her Majesty's Subjects, or from any other Person or Persons whatsoever, any greater or other jrec) "p^fxchel')cr Reward, Profit, Advantage, Matter, or Thing whatsoever, for or in Respect of any Business, Matter, Qut'

or Thing transacted, dispatched, made, or done in the said Court of Exchequer, than such only as shall be settled and allowed by the Barons of the said Court of Exchequer, or any three or more of them (whereof the Chief Baron to be one) under their Hands: Which Sees or Allowances shall be contained in a Table to be hung up in the most public and visible Place of the said Court of Exchequer, and to which any of her Majesty's Subjects, or others may have Free Liberty to resort, and to have a View and perusal thereof, without Fee or Reward; and each of the Mailers or Chief Officers in the Offices of Like Tables to queen's Remembrancer, Lord treasurer's Remembrancer, Clerk of the Pipe, and Clerk of the Pleas, be buns "Pln and Auditor shall take care, that a Table of the Fees and Allowances relating to their respective Offices officer&c"1" 16 and Places and Business therein transacted, and so allowed and signed, as aforesaid, shall be hung up in r'ces' C some public and visible Place in their said respective Offices, to which any of her Majesty's Subjects, or others, may have free Liberty to resort, and to have a View and Perusal thereof, without Fee or Reward; and if any Person or Persons shall offend in any the Premises, the Barons of the Penalty on Of. said Court of Exchequer, upon Complaint thereof to them made in that Behalf, shall cause Right to fenders, be done to the Party complaining, and to punish the Offenders by Fine, Suspension, or Deprivation of

Office, or as to them shall seem just and reasonable, and to recompense the Complainer with Cojfts in that Behalf.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Number of the said Barons of Number of ba her Majesty's said Court of Exchequer in Scotland, shall not at any Time exceed the Number of five. rons not to exceed five.

CAP. XXVII.

An Act to enlarge the Time for returning the Certificates of all Ecclesiastical Livings, not exceeding the yearly Value of fifty Pounds; as also for discharging all Livings of that Value from the Payment of first fruits; and for allowing Time to Archbishops and Bishops, and other Dignitaries, for the Payment of their first fruits.

WHEREAS y An Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled,

An Act for discharging small Livings from their' first fruits and Tenths, and all Arrears thereof, it is 5 Anns, C zj.

provided, That the said Actor anything therein contained, shall not extend to discharge any Benefices, with Cure of Souls, the Tenths whereof were granted away by any of her Majesty's Predecessors to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, in Perpetuity, before the third Day of Novem ber in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign; which Clause was intended only to save the Rights of such Enforced by i. ' Persons who had Grants of Tenths from, the Crown before the said third Day of November, and not Geo stat 2?

otherwise: But forasmuch as the first fruits of the aforesaid Benefices with Cure of Souls, the Tenths I0' J

whereof were so granted, as aforesaid, were notwithstanding the said Grants, reserved to the Crown, '

and are now granted by her Majesty to the Governors of the Bounty of Queen Anne for the Augmen tation of the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, and their Successors: forasmuch as the discharging of the first fruits and Arrears thereof of small Livings, the Tenths of which are not vested in the said Governors, will be a present proper Augmentation of the same; ' Be it therefore enacted by the queen's most.,

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Cprffent ofihe Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all ecclesiastical be ia! Ecclesizstical nefices with Cure of Souls, not exceeding the clear yearly Value of fifty Pounds by the improved svalua Bee" /; fic'5o]°te*' tions of the same, the Tenths whereof are not vested in the Corporation of the said Governors, and the ann"&c°, ph Vol. IV T t Incumbents

322 C 28.

Anno sexto Annje Regina?.

A.D. 1707.

Discharged for ever from first fruits, C

Incumbents thereof for the Time being, and every of them, their refjiedlive Heirs, Executors, administrators, Successors, and Sureties, shall be

Certificates of Valuation to be made before 34 Dec. 1708.

Not made by 25 March 1708

Act to be a publick Act.

free and clearly discharged and acquitted for ever of and from the said first fruits, and of and from all Arrears of the same; anything in the aforesaid Act to the contrary notwithstanding: the al certaining of the clear improved yearly Valuations of the said ec clefiastical Benefices with the Cure of Souls, hereby intended to be discharged from the Payment of first fruits, shall be by the same Persons, and in the same Manner and Form, as for other Livings mentioned in the said Act.

II. Provided nevertheless, That the Certificates by the proper Ordinaries into her Majesty's Court of Exchequer at Westminster, of the yearly Valuation of such Livings intended by this Act to be discharged from the Payment of first fruits, may be made at any Time before the twenty-fourth Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight; anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And whereas by the said Act of Parliament made in the said fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign,

the Time limited for certifying into the Court of Exchequer the Valuation of such Livings intended by hdec.'enfuin"!'t^le to discharged from the Payment of first fruits and Tenths, is found not sufficient with

Respect to some Dioceses and Places; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Certificates which shall be made into the said Court of Exchequer, of the yearly Valuation of such Livings intended to be discharged from the Payment of first fruits and Tenths by the said Act of Parliament, at any Time before the said twenty-fourth Day of December which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, shall be as good and effectual for the purposes by the said Act intended, as if the same were made and certified on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight; anything in this or the said Act to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be taken and accepted in all Courts and Places whatsoever as a public Act.

V. And whereas it has been usual for the Kings and Queens of England, by their Letters of Privy

Seal, to allow the Archbishops and Bishops four Years Time for the Payment of their first fruits to., ' the Crown, by Way of Installment, which since her Majesty has been graciously pleased to give the

first fruits and Tenths for the Maintenance of the poor Clergy, cannot now be done: And whereas the first fruits of Archbishopricks and Bishopricks amount to near the full annual Value thereof, and the other Charges of coming into Archbishopricks and Bishoprics are very great: And whereas Arch bishops and Bishops have not the Profits of their Bishopricks from the Death of their P'redecefiors, as' ' Rectors and Vicars have, but from the Time that such Bishoprics are conferred upon them: And whereas no Provision has been made for any Abatements of the first fruits of Archbishops or Bishops, C as there is for Rectors and Vicars, in Case of Death or Removal, within the Times allowed for the

Payment of such first fruits be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Archbishop and

Bishop shall have four Years allowed him, when he or they shall compound for the same, for the Pay

fciihops and Bi men(; of his first fruits, which shall commence from the Time of Restitution of his Temporalities; and' rirft fruus!' eif lat 'n every Year he shall Pay one fourth Part of the whole Sum: And if it shall please God he shall die, or be removed, before the full Term of four Years shall be expired, he, his Heirs, Executors, or provuoincafeof Administrators, shall be discharged of so much as did not become due or payable at or before the Time

Death. or Times of his Death or Removal, in like Manner as the Heirs, Executors, and Administrators of Rectors

and Vicars are authorised to do.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Deans, Archdeacons, Prebendaries, and other Dignitaries, shall compound for their respective first fruits, in such Manner, and Form as Rectors and Vicars have been accustomed to do; and in case of Death or Removal within the Time usually allowed to Rectors and Vicars for Payment of their said first fruits, they the said Deans, Archdeacons, Prebendaries, and other Dignitaries, shall be in the like Condition, and have the same Benefit as is allowed to Rectors and Vicars by the Statute made in the first Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elisabeth, intituled, An Act for the rejutution of the first fruits to the Crown.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for continuing the Act for ascertaining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax.

WHEREAS an Act of Parliament made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of hia Vy Hte Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the letter afeer 1*taining the Tithes of Hemp and Flax, was to continue from the five and twentieth Day of March which. C was in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred, and from thence to the End of the next Scf' C fion of Parliament: And whereas the said Act hath by Experience been found to be very useful and northeast cessary to this Kingdom; ' Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament afiem bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act shall be continued, and be in Force from the five and twentieth Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and' no longer.

Four Years allowed to Arch'

Deans, Archdeacons, See to compound for first fruits in same Manner as Rectors, Vicars, €cc.

J Fliz. C 4.

II. & 12 W C i6. made perpetual byi Geo. j, C 26,

Continued for 7 Years.

CAP. XXIX.

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Anna Regina;

C 29. 323

CAP. XXIX.

An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty (for amending and repairing the Highways) which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or with double Shafts, and to oblige them to draw only with six Horses or other Beasts, except up Hills.

'IT WHEREAS y an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled An act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating thereunto, it is enacted, That all Hories or

Oxen drawing any travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, wherein any Burdens, Goods, or

Wares are or shall be carried or drawn for Hire, shall draw in Pairs with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or in double Shafts, and the other Horses to draw in a Line with the Wheel Horse or Oxen,

in the same Manner as they usually draw in Coaches, under the Penalty of forty Shillings for every Of

*; Two third Parts thereof to be to the Use of the Highways, and the other third Part to the In

And whereas the aforesaid Manner of drawing with a Pole between the Wheel Horses, or in

double Shafts, as by the said Act is directed, has by Experience been found altogether impafticable in many Parts this Kingdom, notwithstanding which many of her Majesty's poor Subjects, Waggoners,

and Carriers, are perpetually harrassed by common Informers, and their Teams often seized for Payment of the Forfeitures in the said Act mentioned, to the Ruin of the said Waggoners and Carriers,

and to the great damage of the Owners of the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes conveyed in such

Wains, and Carriages by the Delays in their Journeys, occasioned by such common Infor

mers For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this p relent Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That so much of the said recited Act, as is herein before mentioned, shall be, and from henceforth hall stand absolutely repealed, and is hereby repealed.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Seizures and Suits now depending in any of her Majesty's Courts at Law, or which shall at any Time hereafter be seized, brought, or prosecuted upon the said Clause in the said recited Act, under Pretence of any Seizure or Forfeiture, or Penalty incurred for Breach of the said Clause in the said Act, or for any Offence committed, or supposed to be committed against the same, shall be, and are hereby declared to be discharged, discontinued, and determined; and that all Seizures upon the said Clause in the said recited Act, made or to be made, are hereby declared to be discharged, released, null and void.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eight, no travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, wherein any Burdens, Goods, or Wares shall be carried or drawn, other than such Carts and Carriages, as are or shall be employed in and about Husbandry and manuring of Land, and in the carrying of Hay, Straw, Corn, Coal, Chalk, Timber for Shipping, Materials for Building, Stones of all Sorts, or such Ammunition or Artillery as shall be for the Service of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall at any one Time travel, be drawn, or go in any common or public Highway or Road with above six Horses, Oxen, or Beasts, upon Pain that every Owner of every such Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Surveyors of the Highways of the Town, Village, Hamlet, or Place where any of the said Offences shall be committed, to be employed in the Repairs of the said Highways, and the other Moiety thereof to him that shall discover and prosecute for any of the said Offences (provided such Discoverer or Prosecutor bean Inhabitant of such Town, Village, or Place) the said Penalty to be levied by Distress of all or any of the said Horses, Oxen, or Beasts, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace; and in case the said Penalties be not paid within three Days after, that then it shall be lawful to and for the said person and Persons so distraining as aforesaid, to sell the same, and to restore the Overplus to the Owner, the Charges of keeping and selling being first deducted; if any such Surveyor shall wilfully suffer any such Wagon, Wain, or Carriage to be drawn with more than six Horses, and shall neglect to put this or any former Laws made for repairing the Highways in Execution, shall forfeit five Pounds, to be divided and recovered as aforesaid.

Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to reftain or hinder any Owner or Owners of such travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, or his or their Servants, using or drawing with as many Horses or Beasts as shall be necessary for the drawing such Wagons, wair.s, Carts, or Carriages up any Hills, as the Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Places, where such Hills lie, shall at their Quarter sessions, from Time to Time, order and direct, which Paid Order and Direction shall be carefully kept by the respective Clerks of the Peace, amongst the Records of the Sessions, to which all Persons, at reasonable Times, shall have Recourse, without Fee or Reward, without incurring any Forfeitures or Penalties herein before mentioned; anything in this, or any other Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Highways, see9 Ann. C 18, 1 Geo. 1. C TX & 52. 5 Geo. 1. c. 12. 6 Geo. 1. c. 6. 5 Geo. 2. £. 33. (which is made perpetually 27 Geo.

2. C 9. 8 Geo. 2. c. 20* qgco. 2. C 18. 14 Geo. 2. c. 42. 15 Geo. 2. c. 2, it Geo. 2. 29. 21 Geo. 2. c. 28* 24 Geo. 2.r. 43.

30, 28 Geo. 2. e, 17. 20 Geo. 2. C xs, and 21 Geo. C 34.

7 & s w. 3.

C 29.

Manner of drawing Wagons with a Pole, found impracticable.

13 Ed. 1 ft. 2. 5*

2 <5? 3 PINE. 8.

Clause in the said Act repealed

Suits depending for Forfeitures, C discharged.

All Seizures null and void.

From 24 June 1708, no Wagon, C to be drawn with above 6 Horses. Altered by 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2, C ij

Exception.

See 5 Geo. 1. c. 12. §. 1.

18 Geo. 2. c. 33. On Penalty of 5!#

By9 Annas, C 18. §. 1.

Any Person may seize the Horses, &c.

To be levied by Distress and Sale.

Not to hinder using as many Horses for drawing up Hills, cas Justices frail direct.

thiixlause repealed by9Aim, C x3. §. 4.

For farther provisions concerning C 16. 7 Geo.

26 Geo. 2. c. 28

A.D. 1707.

Proclamation for ascertaining the Currency of foreign Coins in America.

for in forcing the due Execution of Proclamation,

Persons after 1 May 1709, paying or receiving any foreign Silver Coins at j higher Rate than is regulated,

To suffer 6 Months imprisonment, and forfeit 101,

Anno sexto anne Reginae.

CAP. XXX.

An act for ascertaining the Rates of foreign Coins in her Majesty's Plantations in America.

WHEREAS for remedying the Inconveniences which had arisen from the different' Rates at which the same Species of foreign Silver Coins did pass in her Majesty's several Colonies and Plantations in America, her most Excellent Majesty has thought fit by her Royal Proclamation, bearing

Date the eighteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and four, and in the third Year of her

Reign, to settle and ascertain the Currency of foreign Coins in her said Colonies and Plantations, in the Manner and Words following.'

"itle having had under our Consideration the different Rates at which the same Species of foreign Coins do pass in our several Colonies and Plantations in America, and the Inconveniences there ' of, by the indirect Practice of drawing the Money from one Plantation to another, to the great Preju dice of the rade of our Subjects; and being sensible that the same cannot be otherwise remedied, than by reducing of all foreign Coins to the same current Rate within all our Dominions in America; and the principal Officers of our Mint having laid before us a Table of the Value of the several foreign Coins which usually pass in Payments in our said Plantations, according to their Weight, and the Af

made of them in our Mint, thereby shewing the just Proportion which each Coin ought to have to

the other, which is as followeth, viz. Sevil Pieces of eight, old Plate, seventeen penny weight twelve Grains, four Shillings and sixpence; Sevil Pieces of eight, new Plate, fourteen penny weight, three Shillings seven Pence one Farthing; Mexico Pieces of eight, seventeen penny weight twelve Grains, four Shillings and sixpence; Pillar Pieces of eight, seventeen penny weight twelve Grains, four Shillings and sixpence three Farthings; Peru Pieces of eight, old Plate, seventeen penny weight twelve Grains, four Shillings and five Pence or thereabouts; Cross Dollars, eighteen penny weight, four Shillings and fourpence three Farthings; Ducatoons of Flanders, twenty penny weight and twenty-one Grains, five Shillings and sixpence; ecu's of France, or Silver Lewis, seventeen penny weight twelve Grains, four Shillings and sixpence; Crufadoes of Portugal, eleven penny weight four Grains, two Shillings and ten Pence one Farthing; three Gilder Pieces of Holland, twenty penny weight and seven Grains, ' five Shillings and twopence one Farthing; old Rix Dollars of the Empire, eighteen penny weight and ten Grains, four Shillings and sixpence; the Halfs, Quarters, and other Parts in Proportion to their Denominations, and light Pieces in Proportion to their Weight: We have therefore thought fit for rer medying the said Inconveniences, by the Advice of our Council, to publish and declare. That from and after the first Day of January next ensuing the Date hereof, no Sevil, Pillar, or Mexico Pieces of eight, though of the full Weight of seventeen penny weight and an Half, shall be account d, received, taken, or paid within any of our said Colonies or Plantations, as well those under Proproprietors and

Charters, as under our immediate Commission and Government, at above the Rate of six Shillings per

Piece current Money, for the Discharge of any Contrails or Bargains to be made after the said first Day of January next, the Halfs, Quarters, and other lefier Pieces of the same Coins to be accounted, re ceived, taken, or paid in the same Proportion; and the Currency of all Pieces of eight of Peru, Dollars,

and other foreign Species of Silver Coins, whether of the same or baser Alloy, shall; after the said first Day of January next, stand regulated, according to their Weight and Fineness, according and in Proportion to the Rate before limited and set for the Pieces of eight of Sevil, Pillar, and Mexico; so that no foreign Silver Coin of any Sort be permitted to exceed the same Proportion upon any Account whatsoever; we do hereby require and command all our Governors, Lieutenant Governors, Magistrates,

Officers, and all other our good Subjects, within our said Colonies and Plantations, to observe and obey our Directions herein, as they tender our Displeasure.'

II. And whereas notwithstanding the said Proclamation, the same indirect Practises as are therein mentioned, are still carried on within some of the said Colonies or Plantations, and the Money thereby drawn from one Plantation to another, in Prejudice of the Trade of her Majesty's subjects; 'Wherefore for the better enforcing the due Execution of her Majesty's said Proclamation throughout all the said Colonies and Plantations, and for the more effectual remedying the said Inconveniences thereby intended to be remedied. Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Person within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, as well those under Propietors and Charters, as under her Majesty's immediate Commission and Government shall after the first Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, for the Discharge of any Contracts or Bargains to be thereafter made, account, receive, take, or pay any of the several Species of foreign Silver Coins mentioned in the before recited Proclamation, at any greater or higher Rate than at which the same is thereby regulated, settled, and allowed, to be accounted, received, taken, or paid, every such Person so accounting, receiving, taking, or paying the same contrary to the Directions therein contained, shall suffer six Monrhs Imprisonment, without Bail ormainprize; any Law, Custom, or Usage in any of the said Colonies or Plantations to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding; and shall likewise forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds for every such Offence; one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information,

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Reginae.

C 31. 325

in any of her Majesty's Courts of Justice within any of the said Plantations, or in any of the Courts of Justice of the Charter or Proprietary Governments where such Offence shall be committed.

III. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared, That nothing in the before recited Proclamation provil 0> or in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to compel any Person to receive any of the said Species of foreign Silver Coins, at the respective Rates in the said Proclamation mentioned.

IV. Provided also, and it is hereby further declared, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, Queen may reor

be construed to restrain her Majesty from regulating and settling the several Rates of the said Species there" e"

of foreign Silver Coins within any of the said Colonies or Plantations, in such other Manner, and accordster ^n'ruch'o ing to such other Rates and Proportions, as her Majesty by her Royal Proclamation for that Purpose to there Manner as be issued, shall from Time to Time judge proper and necessary, or from giving her Royal Aifent to any he shall judge Law hereafter to be made in any of the said Colonies or Plantations, for settling and ascertaining the cur necessary. rent Rates of such Coins within the said Colonies or Plantations; but that such further Regulations may Concerning plan be made, and such Assent given, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as the fame^tkrlann.t.i3. might have been done in case this Act had not been made, and no ©therwife; anything herein before Am. C 17 6? contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. 27.

10 Ann. e 22

26. 4c01. 1. f. 11. 8 Geo. 1. c. 12 & 15. 13 Geo. 1. c. 5. 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 28. 4<7«. 2. r. 1;. 4 Geo. 1. c. 7 6 Geo. 2. C j3. 8 Co, 1. t.

19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo. 2. c. 31 & 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 & 53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 35. 30 Geo. 2'. C 9.

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the better preventing Mischiefs that may happen by Fire.

WHEREAS many Fires have lately broke out in several Places in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and other Parishes and Places comprised within the weekly Rills of mortality, and many Houses have frequently been burnt and consumed before such Fires could be extinguished, to the Impoverishing and utter Ruin of many of her Majesty's Subjects, the Rage and Violence whereof might have been in great Part prevented, if a sufficient Quantity of Water had been provided in the Pipes lying in the Streets, and if Party Walls of Brick had been built between House and House, from the Foundation to the Top of the Roofs, and less Timber in the Front of Houses For the preventing the refore the like Mischiefs for the future, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Fromms March Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, it shall and 170s, church may be lawful to and for the Churchwarders of each and every Parish within the said Cities and Liberti s wardens of each of London and Westminster, and other Parishes and Places within the said weekly Bills of Mortality, and p's of^mor ali they are hereby required at any Time or Times before the first Day of May in the said Year of our Lord, j [0 on, hc one thousand seven hundred and eight, or as soon after as may be, and so for ever after, to make, place. Mains add Pipes and six (at the Charge of such respective Parish) upon the Mains and Pipes belonging to any water work of any water whatsoever within the Places aforesaid, such and so many stop blocks of Wood, with a two Inch Plug, w°rk, Scofn or such and so many Fire Cocks to go into each Main or Pipe, and to be placed at such Distances, in or°firecuclc°°'each or any Street or Place where such Churchwardens for the Time being shall direct, and the Top of C'

stop blocks to lie even with the Pavement of each Street or Place; to the Intent such Plugs or Fire Cocks may always, upon Occasion of any Fire, be opened, and let out the Water without loss of Time in digging down to the Pipes; and that all and every or any such Churchwardens shall, and hereby have fyonfof5 Power to fix any Mark or Writing in the Front of any House or Houses over against the Places, and for house°over the better making known to the Inhabitants where such stop blocks and Fire Cocks lie, and to keep an against the Place Instrument in each House where the Mark is, to open the Plug or Fire Cock, such stop blocks and Fire whee Fire Co, k Cocks to be kept in Repair at the Charge of each Parish where the same shall be placed, and the Plugs lies hv the Owners of the Mains and Pipes where the same shall be fixed; and that each and every Parish Every Parish to within the Cities of London and Westminster* and weekly Bills of Mortality, shall from Time to Time, keep one Jarge and at all Times, have and keep in good Order and Repair in some known and public Place within each Engine and one Parish, a large Engine, and ilfo a Pland Engine, to throw up Water for the extinguishing of Fires, and jjnl" ec her also shall provide, keep, and maintain one Leather Pipe and Socket of the same Size as the Plug or Fire p"p, one " at er Cock, to the Intent the Socket may be put into the Pipe to convey the Water clean and without Loss, 7an'nae, C 17. or help of Bucket, into the Engine; and in Default of making, placing, fixing, and continuing such §. 1. stop blocks or Fire Cocks on the several Mains and Pipes, as also in Default of having and keeping in i'en.'lty on good Repair such large Engine, Hand Engine, and Leather Pipe and Socket, the Churchwardens of such Parish so making Default, and being convicted thereof, before two of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, H "v'n£ e ia " shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Overseers of the Poor of the Parish where such Default shall be made, for the Use of the Poor of such Parish, to be recovered by Warrant from two of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale of such Churchwardens Goods; the Overplus, if any be, to be returned to the Owner thereof; and Gratuities to be that the turn cock belonging to such water work, whose Water shall be found on, or first come into kto the Main or Pipe where the first Plug shall be opened at any Fire, shall be paid ten Shillings by the Keepers, C by Churchwardens of such respective Parish where such Fire shall happen; and that the first Engine Keeper Churchwardens which brings in a Parish Engine, to help to extinguish any Fire, if in good Order and complete, with a C where any Socket, Hose, and Leather Pipe, shall be paid thirty Shillings; the Keeper of the second Parish Engine Fireihaliiuppec.

that

326 C 31. Anno sexto Ann & Reginae. A.D. 1707.

Reward not pay tha* shall be next brought to a Fire shall be paid twenty Shillings; and the third, ten Shillings, by the able by Church Churchwardens of each Parish where such Fire shall happen; and in Default of Payment thereof, such wardens without Reward shall be recoverable from the Churchwardens where such Fire shall happen, by Warrant from two the Direction of of fier majesty's Justices of the Peace, by Distress and Sale cf such Churchwardens Goods; the Overplus 'the w "be returned' if any be

Amended by 7 Anna?, C 27. f. 2.

1

CII. And whereas the several Insurance Offices for insuring Hcrnfes against Loss by Fire, retain in their several Services, and give Coats and Badges unto Watermen for Service and Assistance in extinguishing of Fires, who are always ready at a Call, and are provided with various Sorts of Poles, Hooks, Hatchets, and several other Instruments and Things at the Charge of the said respective Insurance Offices, for the

extinguishing of Fires; which Watermen by Custom and Skill venture much further, and give greater

Help than any other Persons not used to come into Danger: And whereas it hath been found by frequent Experience, that such Watermen are of great Use and Service whenever any Fire happens; 'Be it there

wvcrmen before enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Watermen for the time being, belonging to each infu longing to Info ranee Office, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and.limits thereof, not exceeding thirty for ranee offices free each Office, shall be free from being impressed, or liable to be compelled to goto Sea, or serveas Marines rom impre ing. or as goldiers at Land, their Names and places of Abode being registered and entered with the Secretary or other Officer of the Admiralty Office.

Servants who

III. And whereas Fires often happen by the Negligence and Carelessness of Servants, 'Be it therefore through Negli enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any menial or other Servant or Servants, through Negligence Ho'ueor Carelessness, shall fire or cause to be fired any dwelling house, or out house or Houses, such Servant forfeit' roof, or t Servants being thereof lawfully convicted by the Oath of one or more credible witnesses made before he fenr to the two or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of one hundred Pounds workhouse for unto the Churchwardens of such Parish where such Fire shall happen, to be distributed amongst the suf is Months. ferers by such Fire, in such Proportions as to the said Churchwardens shall seem just; and in case of Default or Refusal to pay the same immediately after such Conviction, the same being lawfully demanded by the said Churchwardens, that then and in such Case such Servant or Servants shall, by Warrant under the Hand of two or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, be committed to some Workhouse, or House of Correction, as the said Justices shall think fit, for the Space of eighteen Months, there to be kept to hard Labour.

All Houses cres

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May ed after i May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, all and every House and within Sills of Houses that shall be erected and built either upon old or new Foundations, in any Place or Places in and have Party Walls a^out the Cities of London and Westminster, or other Parishes or Places comprised within the weekly Bills ofbrickorstone, f Mortality, shall have Party Walls between House and House, wholly of Brick or Stone, and of two Bricks thick at the least, in the Cellar and Ground Stories, and thirteen Inches thick upwards from the

Provisione for Foundation quite through all the Stories of each House, and eighteen Inches above the Roof; and that pulling down no Mundillion or Corniih of Timber or Wood under the Eaves shall hereafter be made or suffered in any. iioeo.*! uch new Hcmfe or Houses, but that all Front and Rear Walls of every House and Houses shall be built No Mundillion" of Brick or Stone, to be carried two Foot and an half high above the Garret Floor, and coped with Stone or Comiffi of or Brick; and if any new House or Houses shall, from and after the said first Day of May, be erected and Timber under built within the Places aforesaid, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that then the after to be made Owner f every such House, and Head Builder or Workmen, who undertake such Building or Work, in any new shall each f them forfeit, lose, and pay for every such Default the Sum of fifty Pounds, to be equally di house, C vided, one Moiety to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish wherein such Building This Clause etc shall be erected; to be levied by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of two or more of her Majesty's tends not to Justices of the Peace within the Place where such Building shall be so erected, or where such Workmen dcm^btidge at" '"habit, by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, upon due Conviction upon Oath, or upon the Thames. the View of one or more of such Justices of the Peace, rendering the Overplus to the Owners, if any be;

7 Anna, C 17. and for Want of such Distress the Offender shall be imprisoned by Warrant from the said two Justices, f. 7, who are hereby empowered and required to issue such Warrant, until payment as aforesaid; the Share

Ou Penalty. Of such fforfeitures appointed to go to the Poor, as aforesaid, to be paid into the Hands of the Churchwardens of such respective Parish where such Offence shall be committed, who are to give a Receipt for the same, and to be charged therewith, and accountable for the same, in like Manner as for other Moneys which they shall receive for the Use of such Parish.

On breaking out V And be it further enacted, That upon the breaking out of any. Fire within London or Westminster, of any fire, & C a]] Constables and Beadles, (upon Notice thereof) shall immediately repair to the Place where the said P adlcl^o re happent w'tb thdr Staves, and other Badges of their Authority, and be aiding and assisting, and fist °hc ins wen the extinguishing the said Fires, and causing People to work at the Engines, as also in prevent habitans, cg Goods being stolen; shall seize and apprehend all ill disposed Persons that they shall find stealing

or pilfering from the Inhabitants; as also that the said Constables and Beadles shall give their utmost Assistance to help the Inhabitants to remove rheir said Goods.

No Actionto be

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Action, Suit, or Process whatso proimuted >- ever, shall be had, maintained, or prosecuted against any Person in whose House or Chamber any Fire

fnhcufc

from and after the said first Day of alay, accidentally begin, or any Recompense be made by such leary Five acj person for any Damage suffered or occasioned thereby; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary not cidentally begins, Uc. This Session made perpetual by jo Anna, C 14. f, 1.

withstanding:

exto Ann Regina?.

C

n n

A.D. 1.707.

withstanding: And if any Action shall be brought for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence, and in case the Plaintiff become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action or Suit, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant ball recover treble Costs.

VII. Provided, That nothing in this, Add contained, hall extend to defeat or make void any Contrail or Agreement made between Landlord and Tenant.

VIII. Provided always nevertheless, That so much of this Act as relates to the Indemnity of any person in whose House or Chamber any Fire shall accidentally begin, shall continue for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for regulating the Qualifications of the Elections of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Directors, and Voters, of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

33- 327

Not to vojd Contract between Landlord and Tenant.

Clauseof Indemnity to Continue for three Years See 33. Geo. 2. c. 30r /. 23*

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, 5 Anas, C ij.

if.

entitled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Houses, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds is intended to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, it is provided and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for the better circulating of the said Exchequer Bills, from time to time when they shall see Occasion, to call in or direct to be paid unto the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, from and by the respective Members of the said Company for the time being proportionably, any Sum and Sums of Money, which the said Gover norand Company in a General Court, from time to time hall think necessary for the said Circulation, and shall accordingly order to be called in, as by the said Act (amongst diverse other Things therein contained) more at large may appear: And whereas an Enlargement of the present Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, will restore several Members of the said Corporation, who have paid or may hereafter pay in any Money for the Circulation of the said Exchequer Bills, to such Capacities of being elected Governor, Deputy Governor and Directors, and voting at General Courts, as their Charter requires, and which by dividing of their late engrafted Stock, many of them now want be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all such Sums of Money as the said Governor and Company have heretofore called', or shall hereafter from time to time call in, from their respective Members, for the Circulation of the said Exchequer Bills shall, as the same have been, or hall from time to time be received by the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, as far as and not exceeding one million one thousand one hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings in the whole, be taken and deemed as and for Capital and Principal Stock for the qualifying or capacitating any Person or Persons interested therein, to be eleited Governor, Deputy Governor, di reitor or Directors, or to vote at General Courts, and to or for no other Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

II. Provided always, That nothing herein contained shall extend or be construed to prohibit or restrain the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, from calling in ot receiving from their Members, any further or other Sum and Sums of Money, which by virtue of the said last recited Act, or otherwise, they lawfully may or can do.

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present War,

and six Months longer.

Rank of England

All Moneys raised in by Bank for circulating Exchequer to be taken as Stock for qualifying Persons to be elefled Governor, Directors, &c.

Proviso,

WHEREAS Cochineal being of the Growth of the Spanish West Indies is of principal Use in dying Cochineal of the of Clothes, and other the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, Scarlets, Purples, and other Growth of the Colours called Grain Colours, to the great Improvement thereof, and Employment of great Numbers of spanilk vvtft her Majesty's Subjects, in finishing and perfecting such Woollen Manufacture: whereas by the indies

in being. Cochineal cannot be imported but from the Places of its Growth, although the same is now sold at cheaper Rates in several Parts of Europe, and used as well in dying the said.manufactures of this Kingdom abroad, as also foreign Manufactures at lower Prices than her Majesty's Subjects can, to'

the Encouragement of foreign Woollen. Manufactures, the great Prejudice of our own, and Impoverish ment of many of her Majesty's Subjects employed therein Be it therefore enacted by the queen's most:

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the six and twentieth Day of March which hail be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and After 26 Marc'i eight, it shall and may be, lawful to and for any Person or Persons who hall reside in her Majesty's Do J7o3> may be minions, to import and bring Cochineal into this Kingdom in any Ship or Ships, Vessel r Vessels be lmi>orte'3, longing to any Kingdom or State in Amity with her Majesty, Spanish hhr.ps or Vessels, or such as are deemed Spanish Ships or Vessels, sailing with Spanifij Pass or Passes and Colours, from any the Ports or From any of the Places following (viz.) Cadiz, Sevill, Port St. Mary, St. Lucar, and Gibraltar, or any other Ports in the Ports of spin Kingdrm of Spain, during this present War, and six Months after; anything in the Act for encouraging and increasing of Shipping and Navigation made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King. Charles the 0, jg/*' Second, or any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding. [Made perpetual by 12 Anna, fiat. r. C i3. feil. 3.] CAP. XXXIV

A.D. 1707.

EXP.

Governor and Company of Hollow Sword Blades.

11 & 12 W. 3. C z.

Who purchased Lands in Ireland of the Trustees.

For quieting the said Company.

Conveyances and Wills whereby Lands, C in the East Riding of Yorkshire or Hull may be affected, to be registered.

Deed not foregift red void. Blades V

Blades, Ab.

Caf. Equ, 358. Wrightson V Hanson 1 3 Feb. 1737. at the Rolls.

Method established for regi string such Memorials.

Register Office to be at Bevdrly.

Anno sexto anne Regime.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for limiting a Time to Persons to come in and make their Claims to any of the forfeited Estates, and other Interests in Ireland, sold by the Trustees for Sale of those Estates to the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword Blades in England, and diverse other Purchasers.

WHEREAS the Governor and Company for making hollow Sword blades in England, and diverse other Persons, did (in pursuance of an Acts of Parliament made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty by Sale of forfeited and other estates and Interests in Ireland, and by a Land Tax, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and of several other Acts relating to the said forfeited and other Estates and Interests) purchase of the Trustees appointed by the said Act, several Honours, Manors, Baronies, Castles, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Rents, Reversions, Services, Remainders, Possessions, Royalties, Franchises, Jurisdictions, Privileges, and Appurtenances thereunto belonging in the Kingdom of Ireland: And where as divers Actions and Suits have been brought against several Purchasers of Estates under the said Acts of Parliament, and the Title to the same, under the said Trustees, hath been called in question, and several Judgments have been given in Ireland against foire of the said Purchasers, and one of those Judgments hath been affirmed on a Writ of Error in her Majesty's Court of queen's Bench in England, and also in the House of Peers' in England., whereby the said Purchasers are in Danger of having their Titles to the Estates and Interests, so by them purchased, further called in Question and disputed: for the quiet ing the said Governor and Company, and the said other Purchasers in the Possession of the several Estates and Interests' so by them respectively purchased of the said Trustees, ' Be it enacted, \,

CAP. XXXV.

An act for the public registring of all Deeds, Conveyances, Wills, and other Encumbrances that shall be made of, or that may aflfeft any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the East Riding of the County of York, or the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eight; and for the rendering the Register in the West Riding more complete.

WHEREAS the Lands in the East Riding of the County of York, and in the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, are generally Freehold, which may be so secretly trails ferred or conveyed from one Person to another, that such as are ill disposed have it in their Power to commit Frauds, and frequently do so, by Means whereof several Persons (who through many Years Industry in their Trades and Employments and by great Frugality have been enabled to purchase Lands,

or to lend Moneys on Land Security) have been undone in their Purchases and Mortgages, by prior and secret Conveyances, and fraudulent Encumbrances, and not only themselves but their whole Families. C thereby utterly ruined For Remedy whereof, may it please your most Excellent Majesty (at the humble Request of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, and Freeholders of the said East Riding, and of the said Town and County of the town of Kingston upon Hull, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Memorial of all Deeds and Conveyances' which' from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, shall be made and executed, and of all Wills and Devises in Writing made, or to be made and published, where the Devisor or Testatrix shall die after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, of or concerning, and whereby any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said East Riding, or in the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, may be any way aftedled in Law or Equity, may be registered in such Manner as is herein after di redded; and that every such Deed or Conveyance that shall, at arty Time after the said nine and twentieth' Day of September, be made and executed, shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsequent1 Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, unless such Memorial thereof be registered, as by this Act is directed, before the registring of the Memorial of the Deed or Conveyance, under which such subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee shall claim; and that every such Devise by Will shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, unless a Memorial of such Will be registered in such Manner as is herein after directed.

II. And for settling and establishing a certain Method, with proper Rules and Directions for registring such Memorials as aforesaid. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one public Office for registring such Memorials of and concerning any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that are situate, lying, and being within the said East Riding, or the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, shall (at the public Charge of the said East Riding, to be raised by the Justices of the Peace thereof at their General Quarter sessions of the Peace, in such Manner as they are empowered to raise Money for the Repairs of Public or County Bridges) be erected and established at Beverley, the j ' 3' nearest;

329

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Regime. C 35.

nearest Market Town to the Centre or Middle of the said East Riding, to be managed and executed by a fit and able Person, to be from time to time elected and appointed in Manner herein after directed, or his sufficient Deputy, and to continue in the said Office for so long Time as he shall well demean himself therein.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Elections of a Register to be made Register to be or appointed by virtue of this Act, shall be performed by balloting, in Manner following; that is to say, elected by ballots All the Freeholders that at the Time of any such Election have an Estate of Freehold of or in any Lands, tlns' Tenements or Hereditaments within the said East Riding, and the said Town and County of the Town

of Kingston upon Hull, or in either of them, of the yearly Value of one hundred Pounds, to be determined by the Oath of the Elector, before the Scrutators herein after mentioned, if any Doubt arise touching the same (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) shall be electors of the said Register; that the Justices of the Peace for the said East Riding, in that Behalf assembled, or the major Part of them, or any five of such Justices to be appointed by such major Part, shall be Scrutators of the Ballot, who shall meet on the Day and Place of Election, and there in the Presence of the Electors, shall place one or more Glass Vessels to be provided for that Purpose, into which each elector present shall put one open Paper, containing the Name of such Personas he approves of to be Register; which Papers shall be taken out again in the Presence of the said Scrutators, by a Person by them in that Behalf appointed; and the Name or Names of every Person therein shall be once transcribed in Distinct Columns, and under each Name shall be set down the Number of their Electors, which shall be deliberately calf up by the said Scrutators, and the same shall be read over in the Hearing, and fixed up in the View of the Electors then present, and the Person upon whem the Majority shall fall, shall be declared Register.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Election of a Person to be the first Time of Eke register shall be made at Beverley aforesaid, upon the thirteenth Day of July in the said Year of our Lord tion.

one thousand seven hundred and eight, in open Court, between the Hours of nine in the Morning and three in the Afternoon.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when and as often as the said Office oodeathofre shall become vacant by the Death, Forfeiture, or Surrender of any such Register, the Justices of the Peace Bifter a newtme for the said East Riding assembled at the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, next after such Vacancy tol>ecle aei* shall happen, or the major Part of them, shall in open Court declare the said Vacancy, and by Order of the same Sessions shall appoint and prefix a certain Day and Time within the Space of one Calendar Month, and above three Weeks ensuing the End of such General Quarter sessions, for the Electors to assemble at Beverley aforesaid, to chooie a fit and able Person in the Manner aforesaid, to supply the said Vacancy; and to the Intent that all Persons qualified to be Electors may have due Notice of such Vacancy and Time of Election of a succeeding Register, the Clerk of the Peace for the Time being for the said East Riding, shall forthwith cause Copies of such Order, for the prefixing the Time of such Election, to be delivered to the respective Chief Constables of the several Wapentakes within the said East Riding, who shall and are hereby required to publish the same in full Market in every Market Town within their respective Wapentakes, on the next Market Day after the Receipt thereof, and to affix the same in the moll public Place of Resort there.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every such Register before he enter upon the Execution of the who shall bt said Office, shall be sworn before the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, or any three or more of sworn. them that shall be present at his Election (who are hereby empowered and required to administer such

Oath) in these Words

YOU shall duly and faithfully perform and execute the Office and Duty that is directed and re register's Orth, quired by you to be done by Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the public regijlring of all Deeds, Conveyances, wills, and other Encumbrances that shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours Ma ' nors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within the raft Riding of the County ad York, or the Town and County of the Toiun of Kingston upon Hull, after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eight; and that you have not given or promised directly or indirectly, nor authorised any Person to give or promise any Money, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, for procuring or obtaining the said Office for you. So help you GOD.

VIE And that when and as often.as the said Register shall appoint any Deputy to execute the said Office, such Deputy shall, before he enter upon the Execution thereof, take the said Oath appointed to be taken by the said Register, before two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the said Riding, who are hereby impowered.and required to administer such Oath.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That upon the Death of any such Register, and until another Election of a fit Person to execute that Office shall be made in Manner aforesaid, the Executors and administrators, of the Register deceased, together with the Sureties for the said Register, or their Executors and Administrators, shall appoint a proper Person to execute the Office of Register, for whose Demeanour in the Execution of the said Office the Security given for such Register deceased shall be answerable.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the Person to be appointed, as aforesaid, upon the Death of any Register, to execute the said Office during the Time the same shall be vacant, as aforesaid, shall, before he enter upon the Execution thereof, take the Oath herein before appointed to be taken by such Register and his Deputy, before two or more Justices of the Peace for the said Riding (who are hereby empowered to administer the same Oath) and that if such Person so appointed shall be lawfully corn idled of any Neglect, Misdemeanour or fraudulent Practice in the Execution of the said Office, during; such Va vol. IY. U u cancy,

register's Deputy to take laid Oath

Executors of deceased Register t appoint one to execute Office, until a new one be elected.

And take the Oath prescribed.

Penalty on Neglect.

All Memorials to be registered in Vellum or Parchment.

What every Memorial shall contain.

Register to endorse on every Deed, Will, ca Certificate, See,

and keep an alphabetical Calendar of Parishes, C

and file every Memorial in Order of Time.

Memorials, See, made in London, or not within 40 Miles of fast Riding, may be en tred on Affidavit,

In case of more Writings than one, which concern the same Lams, &c. Memorial sufficient, if Lands, care only once named therein

C 35. Anno sexto Anne Reginae. A.D. 1707.

cancy, he shall be liable to pay Treble Damages with full Costs of Suit to every Person that shall be injured thereby, to be recovered as is herein after directed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Memorials so to be entered and registered, shall be put into Writing in Vellum or Parchment, and brought to the said Office, and in case of Deeds and Conveyances shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Grantors, or same or one of the Grantees, his or their Heirs, Executors, or Administrators, Guardians, ortrustees, attested by two Witnesses, one whereof to be one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance; which Witness shall upon his Oath, before the said Register, or his Deputy, prove the signing and sealing of such Memorial, and the Execution of the Deed or Conveyance mentioned in such Memorial; and in case of Wills, the Memorial shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Devisees, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, Guardians or Trustees, attested by two Witnesses, one whereof shall upon his Oath, before the said Register, or his Deputy, prove the signing and sealing of such Memorial, which respective Oaths the said Register, or his Deputy, is hereby im powered to administer.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, or Will, shall contain the Day of the Month, and the Year when such Deed, Conveyance, or Will bears Date, and the Names and Additions of all the Parties to such Deed or Conveyance, and of the Devisor or Testatrix of such Will, and of all the Witnesses to such Deed, Conveyance or Will, and the Places of their Abode, and shall express or mention the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments contained in such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, and the Names of all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, precincts, or extraparochial Places within the said east Riding, and the said Town and County of the Town of king/lon upon Hull, or either of them, where any such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devised, or any way affected or charged by any such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, in such Manner as the same are expressed or mentioned in such Deed, Conveyance, and Will, or to the same effect; and that every such Deed, Conveyance and Will, or Probate of the lame, of which such Memorial is so to be registered, as aforesaid, shall be produced to the said Register, or his Deputy, at the Time of entering such Memorial, who shall endorse a Certificate on every such Deed, Conveyance and Will, or Probate thereof, and therein mention the certain Day, Hour, and Time on which such Memorial is so entered or registered, expressing also in what Book, Page, and Number the same is entered, and that the said Register, or his Deputy, shall sign the said certificate when so endorsed; Certificates shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of such respective re giftries in all Courts of Record whatsoever; and that every Page of such Register Books, and every Memorial that shall be entered therein, shall be numbered, and the Day of the Month, and the Year and Hour, or Time of the Day, when every Memorial is registered, shall be entered in the Margents of the said Register Books, and of the said Memorial; and that every such Register shall keep an alphabetical Calendar of all Parishes, extra parochial Places and Townships, within the said east Riding, and the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, with Reference to the Number of every Memorial that concerns the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in every such Parish, extra parochial Place or Township respectively, and of the Names of the Parties mentioned in such Memorial, and that such Register shall duly file every such Memorial, in order of Time, as the same shall be brought to the said Office, and enter or register the said Memorials, in the same Order that they.' shall respectively come to his Hand.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Memorial of such Deeds, Conveyances and Wills as shall be made and executed, or published in London, or in any other Place not within forty Miles of the said east Riding, which do or may concern or affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said east Riding, or the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, shall be entered or registered by the aforesaid Register or his Deputy, in case an Affidavit

sworn before one of the Judges at: i ejlminjhr, or a Master in Chancery, ordinary or extraordinary, be brought with the said Memorial to the said Register, or his Deputy, wherein one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deeds and Conveyances shall swear, he or she saw the same executed, and the Memorial signed and sealed, as aforesaid, or wherein one of the Witnesses to the Memorial of any Will shall swear, he or she saw such Memorial signed and sealed, as aforesaid; the same shall be a sufficient Authority to the said register or his Deputy, to give the Party that brings such Memorial and Affidavit, a Certificate of the registring such Memorial; which Certificate signed by the said Register or his Deputy, shall be taken and allowed as Evidence of the Registries of the same Memorials in all Courts, of Record whatsoever; anything in this act to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

XIII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where there are more Writings than one for making

and perfecting any Conveyance or Security, which do name, mention, or any Ways affect or concern the same Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, it shall be a sufficient Memorial and Register thereof, if all the said Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, or extra parochial Places, wherein the same lie, be only once named or mentioned in the Memorial, Register, and Certificate of any one of the Deeds or Writings made for the perfecting of such Conveyance or Security, and that the Dates of the rest of the said Deeds or Writings relating to the said Conveyance or Security, with the Names and Additions of the Parties and Witnesses, and the Places of their Abodes, be only "set down in the Memorials, Registers, and Certificates of the same, with a Reference to the Deed or Writing whereof the Memorial is so registered, that contains or expresses the Parcels mentioned in all the said Deeds, and Directions how to find the regiffring the same. i

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto anne Reginae. C 35. 331

XIV. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That ail Memorials of Wills that shall be registered in \trm0rials of

Manner as aforesaid, within the Space of six Months after the Death of every respective Devisor or Tef Vtillsreginre' tatrix dying within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within the Space of three Years after the Death ofwitllin r, X every respective Devisor or Testatrix dying upon or in any Parts beyond the Seas, shall be as valid and ef d Tf

fectual against subsequent Purchasers, as if the same had been registered immediately after the Death ofic.'a vjllj CV cl such respective Devisor or Testatrix; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. Provided always, That in Case the Devisee, or Person or Persons interested in the Honours, Ma provisoin case of nors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, devised by any such Will, as aforesaid, by reason of the Willscontdled. contesting such Will, or other inevitable Difficulty, without his, her, or their wilful Neglect or Default,

shall be di(abled to exhibit a Memorial for the Registry thereof, within the respective Times herein before limited, and that a Memorial shall be entered in the said Office of such Cornell or other Impediment, within the Space of six Months after the Decease of such Devisor or Testatrix, who shall die within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within the Space of three Years next after the Decease of such Person who shall die upon or beyond the Seas, then and in such Case the Registry of the Memorial of such Will, within the Space of six Months next after his, her or their Attainment of such Will, or a Probate thereof, or Removal of the Impediment, whereby he, she, or they are disabled or bindred to exhibit such Memorial, shall be a sufficient Registry within the Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas by an at of Parliament made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King 17h.s. C 16. e Henry the Eighth, intituled, For Inrollments of Bargains and Sales, it is enacted, That no Manors, Lands,

Tenements, or other Hereditaments, shall pass, alter, or change from one to another, whereby any Estate of Inheritance or Freehold shall be made or take Effect, in any Person or Persons, or any Use ' thereof to be made, by Reason only of any Bargain and Sale thereof, except the said Bargain and Sale be made by Writing indented, sealed, and enrolled in one of the King's Courts of Record at Westminster, or else within the same County or Counties where the same Manors, Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments so bargained and sold, lye or be before the Custos Rotulorum, and two Justices of the Peace, and the Clerk

of the Peace of the said County or Counties, or two of them at the least, whereof the Clerk of the Peace to be one; which at hath been found by Experience to be of little or no use within the said East Riding, or the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for that the Clerks of the Peace thereof respectively for the Time being, who have the keeping of the said Inrollments within the said respective Places, are not by the said at enjoined to give any Security for the safe keeping, nor uri der any Penalty for the negligent keeping of the said Inrollments, nor is there by the said at any certain Place appointed for keeping thereof; and whereas by this present Act a public Office is intended to be erected and established at Beverly aforesaid, at the public Charge of the said East Riding, for registring and safe keeping Memorials of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, as aforesaid, and a public Register to be chosen, who, according to the Directions herein after mentioned, is to give sufficient Security for the due Execution of the said Office For rendrins* therefore the said at made in the twenty seventh

Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth more effectual and beneficial to the Inhabitants of the said 27 H. 8. C 16. East Riding, and of the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of Septemberin the Year of our After 29 Sept. Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, all Bargains and Sales of any Manors, Lands, Tenements,708. all bar and Hereditaments, situate, lying and being within the said East Riding, or the said Town and County g*'"s ad Sales of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, which shall be enrolled by the said Register, or his Deputy for the j^roiied at Eel Time being, in the said public Office at Beverly, shall be as good, effectual, and available, to all Intents verly, to be as and Purposes, whatsoever, assis the same had been enrolled in one of the queen's Courts of Record at effectualas if in tveftmhifter, or before the Custos Rotulorum and two Justices of the Peace and the Clerk of the Peace of the r0)led at west said East Riding, or of the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, or two of them, minster &c' according to the aforesaid AI made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, or any other Act now in Force: And one or more Justice or Justices of the Peace of the said Riding for the Time being shall have Power to take and enter the Acknowledgment of the Bargainor, if but one, or of one of the Bargainors if more, in such Bargains and Sales; and the said Register, or his Deputy for the Time being, shall well and sufficiently inroll, by ingrossing in Parchment Books, all such Bargains and Sales as shall for that purpose be acknowledged as aforesaid, and shall endorse a Certificate on such Bargains and Sales of the Times of inrolling thereof, and sign the same, and the Books thereof shall safely keep in the said public Office, there to remain upon Record amongst the Memorials of Deeds there registered.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That all Deeds of Bargain and Sale so enrolled in the said public or Deeds so enrolled Register Office, as aforesaid, which shall appear to be so enrolled by an Endorsement or Certificate on the to be sufficient said Deeds of Bargain and Sale, signed by the said Register, or his Deputy, and that all Copies of the In E',: dence rollments thereof remaining on Record in the said Register Office, shall be allowed in all Courts where

such Bargains and Sales, or Copies shall be produced, to be as good and sufficient Evidence as any Bargains and Sales enrolled in any of the Courts at Westminster, and the Copies of the inrollments thereof.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That every such Inrollment of every such Deed in the said Register Every such In office, as aforesaid, shall be deemed and adjudged to be the entering a Memorial thereof pursuant to this rollmentto be Act, and shall have the same Force and Effect upon the Estate therein mentioned, in relation to all subse deemed the en; quest Deeds, Conveyances and Wills, and to all other Intents and Purposes, as if a Memorial of such ina Men, onal rolled Deed had been entered in the said Register Office, as aforesaid, pursuant to this Act.

I

332 C 35.

Anno sexto Annjs Reginae.

A.D. 1707.

ter 29 Sept.

170s. hall affect any Lands, C in East Riding, or Hull, but only from the Time that a Memorial there

r*gtfter to enter every such me snorialj and give a Certificate, Sec,

No Judgement,

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Judgement, Statute, or recogni tatute, C at zance (other than such as shall be entered into in the Name and upon the proper Account of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors) which shall be obtained, or entered into after the said nine and twentieth Day of September in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eight, shall affect or bind any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the said East Riding, or in the said Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, but only from the Time that a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance shall be entered at the said Regiffer Office, e pressing and containing, in case of such Judgement, the Names of the Plaintiffs, and the Names and aj ofbs entered, editions therein of the Defendants, the Sums thereby recovered, and the Time of the signing thereof; and in case of Statutes and Recognizances, expressing and containing the Date of such Statute or Recognisance, the Names and Additions of the Cognizors and Cognizees therein, and for what Sums, and before whom the same were acknowledged; and that in order to the making an Entry of such Memorials of Judgments, Statutes, and Recognizances as aforesaid, the Party and Parties desiring the same, shall produce to, and leave with the said Remitter, or his Deputy, to be filed in the said Public or Register Office, a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance, signed by the proper Officer, or his Deputy who shall sign such Judgement, or his successor in the same Office, or by the proper Officer in whose Office such Statute or Recognisance shall be enrolled, together with an Affidavit, sworn before one of the Judges at Westminster, or a Matter in Chancery, That such Memorial was duly signed by the Officer, whose Name shall appear to be thereunto set, which Memorial such respective Officer is hereby required to give such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, Cognizee or Cognizees, or his, her, or their Executors or administrators, or Attorney, or any of them; he, she, or they paying for the same the Sum of one Shilling and no more.

XX. And be it further enacted, That the said Register or his Deputy shall make an Entry, and likewise (if required) shall give a Certificate in Writing, under his Hand, testified by two credible witnesses, of every such Memorial of any Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance brought to him to be so registered as aforesaid, and therein mention the certain Day on which such Memorial, is so registered or entered, expressing also in what Book, Page, and Number the same is entered.

Fees for Entries

XXI. And be it further enacted, That every such Register shall be allowed for the Entry of every such of Memorials. Memorial, as is by this Act directed, the Sum of one Shilling and no more, in case the same do not exceed two hundred M ords; but if such Memorial shall exceed two hundred Words, then after the Rate and Proportion of sixpence an hundred for all the Words contained in such Memorial, over and above the first two hundred Words; and the like Fees for the like Number of Words contained in every such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, and in every Certificate or Copy given out of the said Office, and no more; and for every Search in the said Office one Shilling and no more.

Times of Atten

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Register, or his suffici dance at the Osent Deputy, shall give due Attendance at his Office every Day in the Week (except Sundays and holy days) between the Hours of nine and twelve in the Forenoon, and the Hours of two and five in the Afternoon, for the Dispatch of all Business belonging to the said Office, and that every such Register, or his Deputy, as often as required, shall make Searches, concerning all Memorials that are registered as aforesaid, and give Certificates concerning the same under his Hand (if required by any Person) testified by two credible witnesses.',

Register to en

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Register at the Time of his ter into a Recog being sworn into the said Office as aforesaid, shall enter into a Recognisance, with two or moresufficient nizanceofaooool. Sureties (to be approved of by five or more of the Justices of the Peace of the said Riding, that were pre ccunon of his sent at elections by Writing under their Hands and Seals to be registered at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the said Riding) of the Penalty of two thousand Pounds unto her Majesty, her Pleirs and Successors, to be taken by the same Justices of the Peace that approved of his Security, conditioned for his true and faithful Performance of his Duty in the Execution of his said Office, in all Things directed and required by this Act; the same to be transmitted by the same Justices of the Peace, within one Month next after the Date thereof, into the Office of her Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, there to remain amongst the Records of the said Court.

XXIV. And be it further enacted, Thar if any such Register, or his Deputy, shall neglect to perform his or their Duty in the Execution of the said Office, according to the Rules and Directions in this Act mentioned, or commit or suffer to be committed any undue or fradulent Practice in the Execution of the said Office, and be thereof lawfully convicted, then such Register shall forfeit his said Office, and pay treble Damages with full Costs of Suit to every such Person or Persons as shall be injured thereby, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance.

On Death or Surrender, if

ap[^r^recogni I. Surrender no Misbehaviour appear to have been committed by such Register in the Execution of his zance io be void, said Office, then and in such Case, at the End of the said three Years after his Death or Surrender, the said Recognisance To entered into by him shall become void and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever -

on forg

XXVI. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or conterfeit ing or counter any Entry of the v\cknowledgment of any Bargainor in any such Bargain and Sale as aforesaid, or any felting Entry, such Memorial, Certificate, orindorsement, as is herein mentioned or directed, and be thereof lawfully., 3' con

fice.

©ffice.

Penalty in case of Neglect of Duty.

XXV. Provided nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That when any Register shall die or fu render his Office, and that within the Space of three Years from and after such Death

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto anne Reginae. C 35. 333

convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to such Pains and Penalties, as in and by an Act made in the fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act against Forgers offalfe Deeds and 5 Eliz <= 14 writings, are imposed upon Persons for forging and pubh'(hing of false Deeds, Charters, or Writings sealed, Court Rolls or Wills, whereby the Freehold or Inheritance of any Person or Persons of, in, or jo any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, shall or may be molested, troubled, or charged; and that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forswear himself before the said Register, or his Deputy, or be And on Persons fore any Judge or Master in Chancery, in any of the Cases herein mentioned, and be thereof lawfully fors'v«arlne convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur, and be liable to the same Penalties, as if the same Oath had tbcme ves been made in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Mortgages, Judgments, Mortgage? Statutes, and Recognizances, whereof Memorials shall be entered in the said Register Office, pursuant to judgments', e. this Act, if at any Time afterwards a Certificate shall be brought to the said Register, or his Deputy, whereof memo signed by the respective Mortgagors and Mortgagees in such Mortgage, Plaintiffs and Defendants in such ria, s are 'ntrcd* Judgement, Cognizors and Cognizees in such Statute or Recognisance, their respective Executors, administrators, or Assigns, and attested by two Witnesses, whereby it shall appear that all Moneys' due upon thereupon paid, such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance respectively, have been paid or satisfied in Discharge Register shall thereof, which Witnesses shall, upon their Oath before the said Register, or his Deputy (who are hereby make an Entry respectively empowered to administer such Oath) prove such Moneys to be satisfied or paid accordingly, in the Margin and that they saw such Certificate signed by the said Mortgagors and Mortgagees, Plaintiffs and Dden th "r "cch dants, Cognizors and Cognizees respectively, their respective Executors, Ad mi nistrators, or Assigns, that chirgech' 'S*" then and in every such Case, the said Register, or his Deputy, shall make an Entry in the Margents of the said Register Books against the Registry of the Memorial of such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance respectively, that such Mortgage, Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance respectively was satisfied and discharged according to such Certificate, to which the same Entry shall refer; and shall after file such Certificate to remain upon Record in the said Register Office.

XXVIII. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That if any Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance Pfovifoifjudg

be registered in the said Redder Office, within thirty Days after the Acknowledgment or Signing thereof, ment>&c: be re' all the Lands that the Defendants or Cognizors had at the Time of such Acknowledgment or Signing, "f 'a shall be^bound thereby. J W

XXIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Copyhold Not to extend to estates, or to any Leases at a Rack Rent, or to any Lease not exceeding one and twenty Years, where Copyhold e the actual Possession and Occupation goeth along with the Lease; Thing in this Act contained to the Rates, C contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Deeds of Bargain and Sale here How Deeds of

after enrolled in pursuance of this Act, whereby any Estate of Inheritance in fce simple is limited to the Bargain and Sale bargainee and his Heirs, the Words Grant, Bargain, and Sell, shall amount to, and be construed and ad Fee'fi" pe judged in all Courts of Judicature, to be express Covenants to the Bargainee, his Heirs and Assigns, and from the Bargainor for himself. His Heirs, Executors and Administrators, that the Bargainor not with judged, (landing any Act done by him, was at the Time of the Execution of such Deed seized of the Hereditaments and Premises thereby granted, bargained and sold, of an indefeasible Estate in fee simple, free

from all Encumbrances (Rents and Services due to the Lord of the See only excepted) and for quiet Enjoyment thereof against the Bargainor, his Heirs and Assigns, and all claiming under him, and also for further Assurance thereof to be made by the Bargainor, his Heirs and Assigns, and all claiming under him; unless the same shall be restrained and limited by express particular Words contained in such Deed; and that the Bargainee, his Heirs, Executors, Administrators and Assigns respectively, shall and may, in any Action to be brought, assign a Breach or Breaches thereupon, as they might do in case such Covenants were expressly inserted in such Bargain and Sale.

XXXI. And be it further enacted, That every Leaf of the aforesaid Register Books and Inrolment Every Beaf of Books shall be signed by two Justices of the Peace of the said Riding (to be from Time to Time appointed

by the Justices of the Peace thereof, or the major Part of them, at their General Quarter sessions of e^bytvojustice»r the Peace assembled) who are hereby required to sign the same accordingly; and that an Entry thereof shall be made from Time to Time by the Clerk of the Peace of the said Riding for the Time being, in the Order Book of the said Sessions, and signed by the same Justices of the Peace that shall from Time to Time sign the said Register Books and Inrolment Books, to remain upon Record amonest the Records of the said Sessions; that a like Entry shall be made upon Record, and signed as aforesaid, of the Number of the same Books, and how called or marked, and how many Pages each of them contains, that are at any Time, and from Time to Time, used in the said Register Office.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of Parliament for the Time No Member of being shall be capable of being chose Register, or of executing by himself or any other Person, the said Parliament to be Office, or have, take, or receive any Fee or other Profit whatsoever, for or in Respect thereof; nor Register.

shall any Register, or his Deputy for the Time being, be capable of being chosen. a Member to serve in.

Parliament.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed In all Courts within this Act to be a pub. Kingdom as a public Act, and all Judges', Justices, and other Persons therein concerned, are hereby re llclcaa. quired as such to take Notice thereof, without special pleading the lame.

XXXIV. And whereas an Act of Parliament made in the second Year of her present Majesty's Reign, & 3 Annas,

intituled, An Act for the public regijiring of all Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills that shall be made of any Hoc' 4'

tiers, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments within thcwejl Riding of the County of Y ork, after the i 4 nine

5 Anna?, C 18.

From 29 Sept. 1708, all the Provisions, Clauses, C in this Act, and not contained in the above recited Acts, to affect all Honours, Manors, see. within the West Riding, as if the same were inserted in the said Acts. See farther 7 Inn. C 20. appointing a regis erf or Middlesex, Jhnd 8 Geo. 2. c. 6. appointing Regijier for the North Riding in Yorkshire.

EXP.

Anno sexto anne Regina?.

A.D. 1707.

C 36, 37-

nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and four; and also one other at made in the fifth Year of her prefimt majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Inrolments of Bargains and Sales with in the West Riding of the County of York, in the Regijier Offce there lately p evided, and far making the said Regijier r, nore effectual, were of very good Design, but h ive been found by Experience to be defective in several Particulars, for which apt Remedy is provided by the Method of this Act, in and for the said East Riding of the County of York, and the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eight, all and every the Provisions, Clauses, Articles, Matters and Things in this present at contained, concerning the said East Riding, and the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and not provided for or contained in the said recited acts, or either of them, shall extend unto, and aftedfl all Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said West Riding (the Mortgage or Purchase whereof shall exceed the Sum of fifty Pounds) as effectually as if the same and every of them were respectively inserted and contained in the said recited Acts, and that from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eight, all and every Person and Persons in the Execution of the said recited Acts respectively within the said West Riding, shall conform unto, and duly observe the Alterations, additional Provisions, Orders, Rules, and Directions of this present Act, as to the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said West Riding, and every Matter and Thing relating thereunto, in like Manner as is by this Act required and enjoined to be done within the said East Riding, as to the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being within the said East Riding, and Town and County of the town of Kingston sipon Hull, or any Matter or Thing relating thereunto; anything in the said recited Acts, or either of them, to the contrary thereof contained in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XXXVI.

An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

CAP. XXXVII.

An Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

for advancement of the Trade of her Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, to and in the several Parts of America, for the further Encouragement of her Majesty's Ships, and private Ships of War, the annoying and diminishing the Wealth and Power of her Majesty's Enemies in those Parts, and for the Increase of Shipping and of Seamen for these and other Services; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Prize Offices in any Port or Place in America be and are hereby suppressed and taken away, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eight.

II. And for the better Encouragement also of such Ships and Vessels of War, which are or hall be in her Majesty's Pay or Service, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Flag Officers, Commanders, and other Officers and Seamen of every such Ship or Vessel of War, shall have the foie interest and Property of and in all and every Ship, vessel, Goods, and Merchandise they shall take in any Part of America (being first adjudged lawful Prize in any of her Majesty's Courts of Admiralty, and subject to the Customs and Duties payable to her Majesty, as if the same "had been first imported to any Part of Great Britain, and from thence exported, for and in Respect of all such Goods and Merchandise) to be divided in such Proportions, and after such Manner, as her Majesty, heir Heirs and Successors shall think fit to order and direct.

III. And for the Encouragement and Increase of private Ships of War, be it further enacted, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain for the Time being, or any Person or Persons in any Part of America, by him or them empowered and appointed, shall (at any Time during the present War, at the Request of any British Owner or Owners of any Ship or Vessel, giving such Bail and Security as has been usually taken upon granting Commissions, or Letters of Mark, except only for the Payment of the Tenths of the Value of the Prizes which shall be taken, to the lc#rd High Admiral) cause to be issued forth (in the usual Manner) one or more Commission or Commissions to any Person or Persons whom such Owner or Owners shall nominate to be Commander (or in case of Death successively Commanders) of such Ship or Vessel, for the attacking, surprising, seizing, and taking, by and with such Ship or Vessel, any Ship or Vessel, Goods, Ammunition, Arms, Stores of War, or Merchandizes belonging to, or possessed by any of her Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River in America, not being within the Space of one hundred Leagues of any Part of ajia or Africa, whereof that Trade is already granted to the East India Company; and that such Ship or Ships, Vessel and Vessels, Arms, Ammunition, Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes whatsoever, with all their Furniture, Tackle, or Apparel so to betaken by or with such private Owner or Owners, Ship or Vessel, according to such Commission and Commissions, being Altered and ex adjudged lawful Prize in any of her Majesty's Courts of Admiralty in or for any of her Colonies or; damedby9Plantations in America, shall (subject to the Customs and Duties payable to her Majesty as aforesaid for

assna. c. and ill Respect of such Goods and Merchandizes) wholly and entirely belong to, and be divided between

'1 and

For Advancement of the Trade to America.

All Prize Offices in America suppressed.

Officers and Seamen, C to have the sole Property in all i rize Ships, C

Encouragement for the Increase of private Ships of War.

335

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto anne Reginae. C 37.

and among the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, and the several Persons which shall be on board the same, and be aiding and assisting to the taking thereof, in such Shares and Proportions as shall be a greed on with the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel as shall be the Captor thereof, their Agents or t actors, as the proper Goods and Chattels of such Owner or Owners, and the Persons that shall be thus intituled thereto, by virtue of such Agreements, among themselves; and that neither her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or any Admiral, Vice Admiral, Governor, or other Person commissioned by or claiming under her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or any Person or Persons whatsoever (other than the Owner or Owners of such Ship or Vessel, being the Captor of such Prize Ship or Vessel, Arms, Ammunition,

Stores of War, Goods and Merchandizes, and the Persons claiming under him or them) shall be intituled to any Part or Share thereof (her majesty's said Duties and Customs being duly answered and paid;,) any Custom, Statute, or other Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And for the more speedy Proceeding to Condemnation or other Determination of any Prize Ship or Manner of con vessel, Goods and Merchandizes taken by any such Privateer Ship, or by any of her Majesty's Ships of (Je, ]'lnlne pllm! War, in such Court of Admiralty, as aforesaid, and for lessening the Expenses that have been usual in Sblps> those Cases; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Judre or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, or other Person or Persons thereto authorised, shall within the Space of five Days after request to him or them for that Purpose made, finish the usual prepaiatory Examination of the Persons commonly examined in such Cases, in order to prove the Capture to be lawful Prize, or to inquire whether the same be lawful Prize or not; and that the proper Monition usual in such Cases shall be issued by the Person or Persons, proper to issue the same, and shall be executed in the usual Manner by the Person or Persons proper to execute the same, within the Space of three Days after Request in that Behalf made j and in case no Claim of such Capture, Ship, Vessel, or Goods shall be duly entered or made in the usual Form, and attested upon Oath, giving twenty Days Notice after the Execution of such Monition, or if there be such Claim, and the Claimant or Claimants shall not within five Days give sufficient Security (to be approved by such Court of Admiralty) to pay double Costs to the Captor or Captors of such Ship,

Vessel, or Goods, in case the same so claimed shall be adjudged, lawful Prize, that then the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty shall, upon producing to him or them the said Examinations or Copies thereof, and upon producing to him or them, upon Oath, all Papers and Writings which shall have been found, taken in or with such Capture (or upon Oath made that no such Papers were found) immediately; and without further Delay proceed to Sentence, either to discharge and acquit such Capture, or to adjudge and condemn the same as lawful Prize, according as the Case shall appear to him or them, upon, Perusal of such preparatory Examinations, and also of the Writings found taken in or with such Capture (if any such Writing shall be found) and in case such Claim shall be duly entered or made, and Security given thereupon, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this at, and there shall appear no Occasion to examine any Witnesses, other than what shall be then near to such Court of Admiralty, that then such Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Witnesses to be examined and (within the Space of ten Days after such Claim made, and Security given) proceed to such Sentence, as aforesaid, touching such Capture; but in case upon making or entering such Claim, and the All gation and Oath thereupon, or the producing such Writings as shall have been found taken in, or with such Capture, or upon the said preparatory Examinations, it shall appear doubtful to the Judge or Judges of such Court of Admiralty, whether such Capture be lawful Prize or not, and it shall appear necessary according to the Circumstances of the Case, for the clearing and determining such Doubt, to have an Examination of Witnesses that are remote from such Court of Admiralty, and such Examination shall be desired, and that it be still insisted on, on the Captors Part, that the said Capture is lawful Prize, and that the contrary be still persisted in, on the Claimants Behalf, that then the said Judge or Judges shall forthwith cause such Capture to be apprized by Persons named on the Part of the Captor, and sworn truly to appraise the same according to the best.of their Skill and Knowledge, and shall after such Appraisement made, and within the Space of fourteen Days after the making of such Claim, proceed to take good and sufficient Security from the Claimants, to pay to the cjaimanis to Captors the full Value thereof, according to such Appraisement, in case the same shall be adjudged lawful paym^tofcap^ Prize, and after such Security duly given, the said Judge or Judges shall] make an interlocutory Order for toars, n p reieafing or delivering the same to such Claimant or Claimants, or his or their Agents; and the same shall be actually released or delivered accordingly.

V. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Claimant or Claimants shall re Refus, ng to give fuse to give such Security, the Judge or Judges shall cause the Captor or Captors in like Manner to give such Security" good and sufficient Security, to be approved of by the Claimant or Claimants, to pay to the said Claim Captors to give ant or Claimants the full Value according to the Appraisement, in case any such capture or Captures shall Security, C be adjudged not to be lawful Prize; and the said Judge o Judges shall thereupon proceed to make an interlocutory Order for the releasing and delivering of the same to the said I aptor or Captors, or their Agents.

VI. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Captures as aforesaid, which Capturesbrought shall be brought into any of her Majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, shall, without breaking into America, to Eulk, stay there, and be under the joint Care and Custody of the Naval Officer of the Port or Place thcrj!> m" where to the same shall be brought, and of the Captors thereof, and their Agents, until either the same shall deixcne^&'c C by final Sentence have been cleared and discharged, or adjudged and condemned as lawful Prize, or that mne '

such interlocutory Orders as aforesaid, shall have been made for the releasing or delivering of tyre same; and upon the Condemnation or Adjudication thereof as lawful Prize, shall (in case the same were taken by any such Privateer Ship or Ships as aforesaid) be immediately delivered unto the Captors thereof, and their Agents, to be by them disposed as their Goods and Chattels, and (in case the same were taken by any of her Majesty's Ships of War) unto such Person or Persons, and to be so divided and disposed, as

her

Fees payable to the Officers of the Admiralty on condemning Prize Ships.

Pen ah yon Neglect of Duty.

Party aggrieved may appeal to the Queen in Council.

2z Geo. 2. c. 3.

No Mariner serve ingon Board Privateer, or trading Ship in America, or being on Shore there, liable to be imprefied, unless Defer ters.

Penalty,

No Privateer or trading Ship to entertain de fetcers from ships of W, ar,

Penalty,

From 25 April 1708, Commanders, C before they set sail from Port, to deliver a List of their Men to Officers of Customs, See, Penalty,

Officer to return to Master, an attested Copy of CC

37. Anno sexto Annje Regime. A.D. 1707.

her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors shall in that Behalf direct; and that if any Judge or Judges, or other Officer or Officers to whom respectively it shall appertain, shall delay the doing, performing, making, or pronouncing any of the several Proceedings, Matters, or Things for, towards, or relating to the condemning or discharging, releasing or delivering of any such Capture in Manner aforesaid, within the re fpcblive 'limes herein before limited, or as soon as the same or any of them ought to be done (according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act) all and every such Judge and Judges, and other Officer and Officers, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of five hundred Pounds; the one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons as shall inform or sue for the same, in any of the Courts in or for any of her Majesty's Caid Colonies or Plantations, or in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record within her Kingdom of Great Britain.

VII. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be paid unto or among all the Judges and Officers of such Court of Admiralty, as aforesaid, for, towards, or relating to the adjudging or condemning of such Capture, as aforesaid, as lawful Prize, above the Sum of ten Pounds, in case such Prize Ship or Vessel be under the Burden of one hundred Tonnes, nor above the Sum of fifteen Pounds, in case the same be of that or any greater Burden; and that upon Payment of either of the said respective Sums, as the Case shall require, to the said Judge or Judges, or any of them, to be by him or them disposed or divided (as he or they shall think fit) among the Officers of such Court, such Judges and Officers, and every of them, shall be liable to all and every the several Penalties hereby imposed for neg lebling or delaying to do or perform their several and respective Duties or Offices in and relating to the several Proceedings aforesaid, within the respective Times herein for that purpose limited.

Via. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any captor or Captors, Claimant or Claimants, shall not rest l'atisfied with the Sentence given in such Court of Admiralty, it shall and may be lawful to the Party or Parties thereby aggrieved, to appeal from the said Court of Admiralty, to her Majesty in her Privy Council; such Appeal to be allowed in the like Manner as Appeals to her Majesty are now allowed from the Court of Admiralty within this Kingdom; so as the same be made within fourteen Days after Sentence, and good Security be likewise given by the Appellant or Appellants, that he or they will effectually prosecute such Appeal, and answer the Condemnation, and; flfo pay treble Costs as shall be awarded by her Majesty in case the Sentence of such Court of Admiralty be affirmed, and lb as Execution be not ibfpended by reason of any such Appeal; anything in this Act before contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Mariner or other Person who shall serve on Board, or be retained to serve on Board any Privateer, or trading Ship or vessel, that shall be imployed in any Part of America, nor any Mariner, or other Person, being on Shore in any Part thereof, shall be liable to be impressed or taken away, or shall be impressed or taken away by any Officer or Officers of or belonging to any of her Majesty's Ships of War, empowered by the Lord High Admiral, or any other Person whatsoever, unless such Mariner shall have before deserted from such Ship of War belonging to her Majesty at any Time after the fourteenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and seven; Pain that any Officer or Officers so impressing or taking away, or causing to be impressed or taken away, any Mariner or other Person contrary to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, shall forfeit to the Master, or Owner or Owners of any such Ship or vessel, twenty Pounds for every Mail he or they jshall so impress or take, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit, in any Court within any Part of her Majesty's Dominions.

X. And for preventing the Desertion of any Mariners or Seamen from her Majesty's Ships of War, to any such trading or Privateer Ship or vessel, as aforesaid, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Master or Commander of such trading or Privateer Ship or vessel, as aforesaid, shall before he shall receive or entertain any Mariner, Seaman, or other Person to serve on Board such Privateer or trading Ship or vessel, endeavour (by all the Ways and Means that he reasonably and conveniently may or can) to discover whether such Mariner, Seaman, or other Person hath deserted from any of her Majesty's Ships of War: And in case any such Master or Commander shall receive or entertain any Mariner, Seaman, or other Person, on Board such trading Ship or Privateer, as aforesaid, without such reasonable Endeavour for such Discovery first had and made, or which he shall know, or be informed hath deserted from any of her Majesty's Ships of War, such Master or Commander shall forfeit to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, twenty Pounds for every Man he shall so receive or entertain, to be recovered with Costs of Suit in any Court within any Part of her Majesty's Dominions.

XI. And for the more effectua] preventing Merchant Ships or Privateers from harbouring or entertaining any Seamen who shall desert her Majesty's Service, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-fifth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eight, every Master of a Merchant Ship or vessel, and Commander of a Privateer, shall before he shall set sail from any Port deliver to the Chief Officer of the Customs of the Port from whence he shall set fail, an exabt List of all the Men belonging to such Merchant Ship or vessel, or Privateer, containing their Names, Ages, and de feriptions of their Persons; Pain that he shall forfeit ten Pounds to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for every such Man he shall so receive and entertain on Board, whose Name shall not be inserted in such List, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, in any Court within any Part of her Majesty's Dominions.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That such Officer of the Customs do return to such Master or Commander, an attested Copy of such List so delivered unto him, and that upon the Death or Alteration of any Seaman the said List be immediately altered and delivered in to the naval Officer, or chief Officer of the Customs in any Port where such Merchant Ship or vessel, or Privateer, shall arrive, in Manner 3s

aforesaid;

A.D. 1707. Anno sexto Ann Regina. C 37.

aforesaid: All which said Lists hall from time to time be produced and shown to any of the Captains or other Officers of any of her Majesty's Ships of War, demanding the same: And if any Man or Men belonging to any of her Majesty's Ships of War, hall be found on Board any Merchant Ship or Vessel, or Privateer, whose Name shall not be contained in such List, as aforesaid, the Master or Commander of such Vessel or Privateer shall forfeit to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Man which hall be so found on Board, to be recovered in Adanner as aforesaid.

XIII. And for the better furnishing Seamen to serve on Board her Majesty's Ships of War which shall Trading Ships

be in or about the several Parts of America, for annoying the Enemy, and protecting the Trade there, it is and Packet Boats hereby further enacted, That the Master or Commander of every trading Ship or Vessel, and every Packet them

Boat, which shall from time to time, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of April, be outward bound, Manners forth' and going for any Part of America, shall be, and are hereby obliged (at the Desire of any of her Majesty's queen's Ships Officers thereunto lawfully authorised, and at the Charges of her Majesty) to receive on Board, and carry there, C

to the Port or Place, where to such trading Ship, Vessel, or Packet Boat shall be so bound, and deliver to such Officer or Person, to whom they shall be assigned, any Number of Mariners, Seamen, or other persons actually entered into her Majesty's Service and Pay (over and above the Compliment of Mariners or Seamen, which such trading Ship, Vessel, or Packet Boat usually carries, or which hall be sufficient for navigating the same for such intended Voyage, not exceeding the Proportion of a fifth Part of the Number of such usual or sufficient Compliment of Mariners, or Seamen) upon Pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds R Penalty, for every such Seaman or Mariner, that he or they shall refuse to take on Board and carry, to be paid and recovered, as aforesaid.

XIV. And for the more effectual annoying her Majesty's said Enemies, and abating their Power and Queen (during Wealth in the Parts of America, by Numbers of private Ships of War to be equipped and set out in a ft Eft Erant warlike Manner by and at the Charge of her Majesty's Subjects, and encouraging her Majesty's Subjects ^"to^ake or to engage in joint and united as well as separate Expenses, Expeditions, and Adventures for those Pur deiiroy Enemies poses; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That her Majesty be, and heber Heirs and Sue Ships, Goods, C cessors are hereby impowered from time to time, during the Continuance of the present War, to grant or in any Para of make any Charter, Commission, or Grant, Charters, Commissions, or Grants, for the better or more ef America, C feftual enabling any Society or Societies, or particular Persons, to join in any Expeditions or Adventures

by Sea or Land, for the attacking, furpiifing, taking or clestroying any Ships, Goods, Aloveables and Immoveables, Settlements, Factories, Creeks, Harbours, Places of Strength, Lands, Sorts, Castles, and Fortifications, now or hereafter of or belonging to or possessed by any of her Majesty's Enemies, in any Part or Parts of America, and for the better making and carrying on any Preparations for such Purpose and Purposes, and for the making and assuring to the Societies and Persons which may be concerned, their And allure to Heirs, Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns, full and undoubted Properties, Rights, and what ships, Titles of, in and to, and the full Enjoyment of all and every the Ships, Ammunition, Stores of War,

Goods, Chattels, Movables and Immoveables, Settlements, Factories, Places of Strength or Security, '

Lands, Sorts, Castles, and Fortifications, now or hereafter of or belonging to, or possefltd by any of her Majesty's Enemies in any of the Parts of America, which such Society or Persons hall take or cause to be taken from any of her Majesty's Enemies during this present War, together with all the Proceed, Profits, anil Advantages which may accrue of or by the same, or any of them, with and under such Regulations, and in such Adanner and Form, as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, hall think fit, and at any Time or Times afterwards (although the present avar should be then ended) by any further Grants or Charters to confirm, corroborate, and further assure the Premises, and every or any of them to the said Societies, and Persons concerned, their and every their Successors, Heirs, Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, so as to enable them, and every of them, to have, hold, and enjoy the full Benefit thereof, according to the true Intent and Aleaning of this Act.

XV. Provided always, That nothing ball be contained in any Charter, Commission or Grant, made queen's Sutjefis

in pursuanct of this Act, to exclude or restrain any of her Majesty's Subjects from having a full and free to enjoy a free Trade to and in any Part of America. Trade coameuca

XVI. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, No Ship to mo

and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to any Commander of any left thesubjects of her Majesty's Ships of avar, Privateer or Merchant Ship having Letters of Mark, to attack, fur ofspam, m their prize, seize, take, destroy, or offer any Violence, Spoil, or Molestation whatsoever between Rio lahacha, ro jae"

and the River Chagre on the Spanish Coast in America, or within five Leagues at Sea of anyj Part of that Hacha and the Shore, to any Sloop, Barcolongo, Canoa, or ocher Boat, Goods, or Merchandizes belonging to any of River Chagre. the Subjects of Spain, who shall be concerned in any Intercourse of Trade with any of her Majesty's Subjects, or to any Sloop, Barcolongo, Canoa, or other Boat, Goods, or Merchandizes belonging to any of

her majesty's Subjects which shall be found going to, or coming from any Port or Place within the Limits aforesaid.

XVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's 3 (g+axs. f.13. ' Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Track and Commerce with France, it is, amongst other Things,

enacted, That the several contraband Goods or Merchandizes therein particularly enumerated, hall not

be carried by any of her Majesty's Subjects to any Port or Place belonging to the Crown of Spain, nor

any Trade whatsoever be permitted or allowed with the Subjects of Spam for the said contraband Goods or Merchandizes; and forasmuch as forne Doubts may arise concerning the Extent of that Clause, 'Be it therefore hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same shall not extend or be construed to restrain any of her Majesty's Subjects from carrying any of the said contraband Goods or Merchandizes to any Port or Place within the Limits aforesaid, but t shall and may be lawful to or for

33^ C 37.

Anno sexto anne Reginae.

A.D. 1707.

Commanders of Privateers, C to be subject to the Laws in relation to Slaves,

any of her Majesty's Subjects to trade with the Subjects of Spain, for the said contraband Goods and Merchandizes, or any of them, within the Limits aforesaid; thing in this, or in the said last recited Act, or in any former Act to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas good and necessary Laws have been made, and are Hill in force within several of her said majesty's Colonies or Plantations in America, for the preventing and carrying off from the said Colonies or Plantations, any Servant or Slave, without the Consent of the Owner, or the carrying off from thence any other Person whatsoever, until such Person shall have taken out his Ticket from the secretary's Office within such respective Colony or Plantation, in such Manner, and under such Penal ties and Forfeitures, as in and by the said several Laws is declared and provided; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Commanders of private Ships of War, or Merchant Ships having Letters of Mark, shall, upon their going into any of those Ports or Harbours, be subject, and they are hereby determined to be subject to the several Directions, Provisions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in and by such Laws made and provided; anything in this Act contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XIX. And for the better Supply of Mariners and Seamen to serve in her Majesty's Ships of War and onboard Privateers, Merchant Ships, and Trading Vessels, and for the better carrying on the present War. and the Trade of Great Britain, during the Continuance thereof; Be it further enacted by the au thoiity aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this present War, and no longer, it shall and may be men. lawful for any Privateer or Merchant, or Trading Ship or Vessel, to be navigated by foreign Seamen or

So is ore Fourth Mariners, not being Natives of Great Britain, or of any of the Colonies or Plantations thereto belonging, be Brmih. or her Majesty's natural, or naturalised Subjects, so as the Number of such Foreign Seamen or Mariners do not exceed three Fourths of the Mariners at any one Time cmploj^ed to navigate such Privateer or Merchant or Trading Ship or Vessel, and that one Fourth at the least of the Mariners or Seamen so employed, be at all Times Natives, or her Majesty's naturalised Subjects of Great Britain (sudden Death, and the Hazard and Casualties of War and the Seas saved and excepted) one Act of Parliament made in 12 Car; 2. C is. the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the encouraging and encreasing of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

Foreign Seamen

XX. And for the better encouraging of Foreign Mariners and Seamen to come and serve on board Ships serving 2 Years belonging to the Kingdom of Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every on board anybu such foreign Mariner or Seaman who shall from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of April have faith lz:; fully served on board any of her Majesty's Ships of War, or any Privateer or Merchant, or Trading Ship

occmcu n iu aiel: vpftbl nr vpfifk VI hirb nf fhr Time nf fnrh Sprvl rp thrill hplnno fn amr nf hpr moipfl rr'e C h

During War, Privateers or Trading Ships may be navigated by Foreign Sea

or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, which at the Time of such Service shall belong to any of her Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, for the Space of two Years, shall, to all Intents and Purposes, be deemed and taken to be a natural born Subject of her Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, and have and enjoy all the Privileges, Powers, Rights, and Capacities which such Foreign Mariner or Seaman could, should, or ought to have had and enjoyed, in case he had been a natural born Subject of her Majesty's, and actually a Native within the Kingdom of Great Britain.

XXI. And for the more expeditious providing of Ships and Vessels to be equipped and used as and for Privateers for the speedy annoying her Majesty's Enemies, and putting in Execution the Purposes by this bought m So Act intended, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for her

ufatfor Priva Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, to grant to any Person or Persons who shall be actually engaged in any

r n a _^yventure in pursuance Gf this Act, a Licence to buy or procure in any Foreign Parts, any Ship or Ships

(first giving Security to her^majesty, that such Ship and Ships shall be employed in such Adventures) so as the whole Number of Foreign Ships so to be bought and licensed, shall not exceed the Number of twenty; and that such Ships which shall be so bought by Licence of her Majesty, as aforesaid (having been equipped, set out, and employed as Privateers, during the Continuance of the present War) shall (after the same War ended) be to all Intents and Purposes deemed and taken as Ships of British built, and have all the Privileges of Ships built in any Part of Great Britain, and be capable of beeing used and employed accordingly; the said Add made in the said twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Shipping and Navigation, or any other Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and may trade to any for all her Majesty's Subjects of this Kingdom, to trade into any Part of America, to which they might Part of America, lawfully have traded before the making of this Act, and not otherwise.

at not topre

XXIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall any ways extend, or be construed to take judice the Hud away or prejudice any of the Estates, Rights, or Privileges of or belonging to the Governor and Company, son's Bay Com of Adventurers of England trading into hudson's Bay. pany.

farther Prc'vijiom concerning shif>s, C zann. c. 17. 10 Ann, C 17. 12 Ann St. 2. C 15. 3 Geo. 1. c. 13. 4. Geo. 1. c. 12. 7 Geo. 1. c. 21. S Geo. j.

C 17 & 24. 11 Geo. 1. t. 29. 3 Geo. 2. c. 36. 5 Geo. 2. c. 20. 6 Geo. 2. c. 29. 7 Geo. 2. c. 15.9 Geo. 2. c. 25, 10 Geo. 2. c. 14. jj^Geo. t* C 39.

17 Geo. C 34 36. 18 Geo. 2. c. 27 £? 31. 19 Geo. 2. c. 30. 20 Geo. 2. c. 24 & 45. 22 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 33, 26 Geo. 2. ct 25. 29 Geo. 2. c. 27

34. 32 Geo. 2. C x6 £? 25. 33 Geo. 2. c. 19.

born Subjects.

Queen may licence 20 Ships

tcers.

And at the End of the War be deemed British Ships.

12 Car. 2. C 18.

queen's Subjects

---

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Annae Reginae. C. 1 — 5. 339

Anno Regni ANNAE Reginae septimo.

"AT the Parliament summoned to be held at Westminster the eighth Day of July, Anno Dom. 1708. in the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, &c. and by several Writs of Prorogation begun and held, on the sixteenth Day of November 1708,* being the first Session of this present Parliament.'

[* 'In the Record is added,' and and farther continued by several Adjournments till the twenty-first Day of April, in the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign.]

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine.

4s. in the Pound.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act for the speedy and effectual recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine.

---

[Inferior Officers

XIII. AND whereas several Doubts have been made, and Disputes have arisen and may arise, whether on the Death or Demise of his late Majesty King William the Third (of glorious Memory.) Commissions not the Commissions granted to the Collectors, Supervisors, Gagers, or other inferior Officers of the Excise, ^ku^vd -- ' before his said late majesty's Demise, shall have Continuance longer than six Months afrer the Death mjfct D ' or Demise of his said late Majesty For settling whereof, Be it declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commission to any Sub commissioner, Collector, Supervisor, Gager, or other inferior Officer, that hath been constituted in pursuance of any Commission under the Great Seal of England, by the Chief Commissioners and Governors of and for the Receipt of the Excise, shall be determined, or made void by Reason of the Death or Demise of his said late Majesty; but that every such commission doth remain in full Force and Virtue, until the Authority and Constitution of such Officer were or shall be revoked or annulled by the Chief Commissioners of the Excise for the Time being.

---

"Purchasers of Annuities on 6 Annae, may have their quarterly Payments due between Christmas 1708. and 30 Sept. 1710. advanced, allowing Discount at 4l. per Cent."

CAP. IV.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for naturalising Foreign Protestants.

'WHEREAS the Increase of People is a Means of advancing the Wealth and Strength of a Nation; and whereas many Strangers of the Protestant or reformed Religion out of a due Consideration of the happy Constitution of the Government of this Realm, would be induced to transport themselves and their Estates into this Kingdom, if they might be made Partakers of the Advantages and Privileges which the natural born Subjects thereof do enjoy;' Be it enacted, &c.

---

"All Persons taking the Oaths, and making and subscribing the Declaration appointed by 6 Anns, C 23.

"shall be deemed natural born Subjects. No Person to have the Benefit of this Act, unless he have "received the Sacrament, &c.

[childrennfnam

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Children of all natural born Subjects born out of the Ligeance of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall be deemed, adjudged, and ral born Subjects taken to be natural born Subjects of this Kingdom, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes what L soever.

born abroad, to be deemed natural bern Sub

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Persons born out of the Ligeance ofjects; explained her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, who shall qualify themselves in the Courts of Chancery, gpieen's by 4gc0.2. c. 11. Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer, within the Kingdom of Ireland, or at some General Quarter sessions This attoex of the Peace, to be held for the County where he or they do or shall inhabit, reside, or settle within the tend to Leland. said Kingdom, in like Manner as Persons are by this Act required to do within the Kingdom of Great Bri See farther contain, all and every such Persons shall be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be her Majesty's natural born ienwg Nature

fixation, i Geo. i.

C 4. 73 Geo. 2. c. 7. 20 Geo. 2. c. 44. sz Geo. 2. c. 45. 2'Geo. 2. C 39.

---

340 C 6, 7. Anno septimo Annae Reginae. A.D. 1708.

Subjects of the said Kingdom of Ireland, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as if they, and every of them, had been, or were born within the said Kingdom of Ireland.

[Repealed by 10 Annae, c. 5. Except what relates to the Children of her Majesty's natural born subjects, born out of her Majesty's Allegiance. Vide 1 Geo. 1. Stat. 2. c. 29.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for explaining and making more effectual that Part of an Act passed in the fifth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, concerning the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for giving Leave for bringing up Calves dead to London as formerly.

[5 Annae, c. 34.]

'WHEREAS by an Act passed in the fifth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled An Act for the continuing the Laws therein mentioned relating to the Poor, and to the buying and selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing Piracy, it is, amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and seven, no Person using the Trade of a Butcher, should sell or offer to sale, in any Market, or elsewhere, either by himself, or any

Servant or Agent whatsoever, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within ten Miles thereof, ' to any Person or Persons exercising or using the Trade of a Butcher, any fat Cattle or Sheep, either alive or dead, upon Pain to forfeit the Value of the Cattle, or of each Sheep so sold or offered to sale, as aforesaid: And whereas some Doubts have arisen concerning the Extent of that Clause; Therefore for the avoiding of any Dispute or Question that may arise concerning the Construction thereof, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the oneb jtcher may same, That the said Clause, or anything therein contained, shall not be taken or construed to extend fell to another to tjlc fej]; ng cf Calves, Sheep or Lambs dead, by one Butcher to another, but that it shall and may be she p'^or Lambs! lawful to act for any Person, using the Trade of a Butcher, to sell or offer to sale in any Shop, Stall, or Market in London, or elsewhere, either by himself or any Servant or Agent whatsoever, within the Places in the said Act mentioned, Calves, Sheep, or Lambs dead, in such Manner as they might have done before the making of the said Act; anything in the said Act, or any other Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine.

For Application ' >0" A. Y it please your most Excellent Majesty; by or in pursuance of an Act of Parliament

of Duties arising xvii made in the fifth Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, by this Act, ' of glorious Memory, "entitled; An Act for granting to their Majesties several Rates and Duties upon flat C 1 Tonnage of Ships and Vessels, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, for securing certain Recompenses and jw.&m. c.io.' ' Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as fall voluntarily advance the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards carrying on the I Far again France, the Corporation or Body Politic of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England was erected and established with such Capacities,

3 Geo. 1. c. 8. < Powers, Privileges Benefits, and Advantages, and subject to such Restrictions, and in such Manner and Form as are therein mentioned; and in pursuance of the same Act the Sum of one Million two hundred thousand Pounds was advanced and lent to their said late Majesties, for which there is now payable -. to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, tneyearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds out of certain Rates and Duties of Excise, which were thereby granted to their said late Majesties, their Heirs and Successors.; in which Act it was provided, That at any Time upon twelve Months Notice,

after the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and five, upon Repay ment by Parliament of the said Sum of one Million two hundred thousand Pounds, and of all the Ar 4 rears of the said yearly Sum of one hundred thousand Pounds, then the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and the said Corporation, should absolutely cease and determine: And whereas by t&9W.3.C. 20.4 another Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third,

intituled, An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned, and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank England, and for raising the Public Credit, the said Corporation was enlarged and established with diverse other Powers, Privileges, Benefits, and Advantages, and subject to such other Restrictions and Rules as are therein particularly expressed; which Act hist mentioned it was provided and enacted, That at any Time upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, and not be sore, and upon Repayment by Parliament of the said Sum of one million two hundred thousand Pounds,

and of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and also upon Payment of all the Principal and Interest Moneys which should be owing to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company should have remaining in their Hands or be intituled to at the Time of such Notice to be given, as aforesaid, then, and in such Case, and not till then, the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and also the said Corporation, should cease and determine: And 5 Anna, C 15. 4 whereas by an Act made in the fifth Year of your majesty's Reign (entitled, An Act for continuing the Duties

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Annje Reginae. C 7. 341

Duties upon hou/es, to secure a yearly Fund for circulating Exchequer Bills, whereby a Sum not exceeding fif teen hundred thousand Pounds is intended to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majestys Occoft

ons) several Duties upon Houses therein mentioned or referred unto, are continued from the lair Day of

July one thousand seven hundred and ten, and from thenceforth made payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in that Act expressed, subject to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption therein contained; and the Duties so continued, together with such Remainder

and Arrears of House Money, as are therein mentioned, are thereby charged with the yearly Fund,

after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, to be paid to the said Governor and Company of the Bank, of England, for circulating all such Exchequer Bills as should be blued by or in pursuance of that Act; and by the same Act a Power was given for making forth Exchequer Bills for any Sum not exceeding fifteen hundred thousand Pounds for your majesty's Supply; and it was thereby '

enacted, that like Eills should be made out quarterly for so much as should be computed to be due and owing upon and for the said Allowance of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, until the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel one thousand seven hundred and ten inelufively, in the Manner therein mentioned; and it was thereby enacted, that the said Governor and Company, after the said Exchequer Bills, of any of them, should be issued upon that Act as aforesaid, should, from Time to Time, exchange all such Exchequer Bills as they should be required to exchange by any Person or Persons whatsoever for ready Money; and that the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, should continue and remain a Corporation until all the said Exchequer Bills should be redeemed and cancelled in the Manner in that Act mentioned; and in the same Act there is contained a Proviso, that at any Time,

upon one year's Notice and Payment of the Principal Money to be due on the said Exchequer Bills,

and of so much as should be due for the said Allowance, after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, for circulating the said Exchequer Bills, then, and not till! then, the said Exchequer Bills should be cancelled and discharged, and the said Allowance after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, should cease and determine; and so much of the said Duties on Houses as should have been applied for the Payment of the said four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum,

in case the same had continued, should from thenceforth be understood to be redeemed by Parliament,

and should not be issued, paid, or applied to any Use or Purpose whatsoever but by Authority of Parliament; and it is also thereby enacted, that the said Governor and Company might call in from their respective Members proportionably, any Sums of Money as they should think necessary for the said Cir ' cujation; and that until all the Exchequer Bills by that Act directed to be issued, should be paid off,

discharged, and cancelled, no more or other Bills of the like Nature should be made out and issued at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, either with or without the Authority of Parliament, unless

the Consent of the said Governor and Company; and that nothing in that Act contained should

the Redemption of the said original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, or of any other Funds granted or to be granted by Parliament, upon which the said Governor and Company hail or should have lent any Moneys, and which were redeemable by Parliament, but that the same might be redeemed from the said Governor and Company, according to former Acts for that Purpose, without redeeming the said four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum; nevertheless, without determining or difl olving the Corporation of the said Governor and Company, ufftil the said four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, should be redeemed from them; as by the said several Acts, Relation being

thereunto respectively had, more at large may appear: And whereas the said Governor and Company, New Subfcr pti for the better enabling themselves to supply the public Exigencies, did lately consent to admit 11gw ons for doubling Subscriptions for doubling their then present Stock of two millions two hundred and one thousand one thepresentstock hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings, at the Rate of one hundred and fifteen Pounds to be paid of the Bank.

for every one hundred Pounds subscribed; and upon a Commission granted by your Majesty, under the great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the sixteenth Day of February in the seventh Year of your Reign, to Sir Thomas Abney, and others directed, grounded upon an Address of the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, several Persons have subscribed several Sums, amounting to two milli ons two hundred and one thousand one hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings, for doubling the said Stock as aforesaid, and have paid down to the said Governor and Company, at or before their respective Subscriptions, one fifth Part of the Sums by them respectively subscribed, and are to pay the remaining four fifth Parts thereof, together with fifteen Pounds per Centum more (being in all one hundred and fif teen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds subscribed) in Manner hereafter mentioned; all which Sub ' feriptions are contained in Bocks of Vellum or Parchment for that Purpose, attested by three or more of the said Commissioners, and now remaining in the Custody of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, whereof there are two Duplicates made in Vellum or Parchment, attested by sevenor more of the said Commissioners; and one of the said Duplicates is delivered into the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, and the other of them into the Office of the Clerk of the Pells in your majesty's ' Exchequer, there to remain for ever Now for the better pursuing the Ends and Intent of the said Sub scecjanr. C 7. feribers in making such subscriptions and Payment as aforesaid, it is hereby enacted, at the humble Suit of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same. That the several Sums New subfrripti subscribed or written in the said Bocks, amounting to the said Sum of two millions two hundred and one insto be adoed thousand one hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings, shall be added and united, and be judged and 5°^ deemed to be added and united to the Stock of the said Governor and Company, which before such Ad Bank, dition consisted of the like Sum of two millions two hundred and one thousand one hundred seventy one

Pounds

34-2 C 7.

Anno septimo Annas Reginae.

A.D. 1708.

Total Stock 4, 40^, 343 1.

Banlc.

Stock assignable.

5 Anna?, C 13.

Pounds ten Shillings as aforesaid, so that the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company so increased, shall be and amount, and be deemed to amount in the whole to the Sum of four millions four hundred and two thousand three hundred forty-three Pounds; and that all and every the perl on and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, who have subscribed or written any Sum or Sums of Money, or for whom any

Sum or Sums of Money have been subscribed or written in the said Books of Subscription, for or towards the making up the said Sum of two millions two hundred and one thousand one hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings, therein completely subscribed, and who have paid to the said Governor and Company one fifth Part of each subscribed Sum as aforesaid, and the Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, New Subscribers of such Person and Persons respectively, shall be, and be deemed and reputed to be Members of, united

incorporated to, and incorporated with the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall at all Times,

with the piefent together with the other Members of the said Corporation and Body Politic, and their Successors respecttem 0 C e tively, be, and be adjudged, construed, reputed, accepted, and taken to be one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of the Bank england.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company, now amounting as aforesaid, to four millions four hundred and two thousand three hundred forty-three Pounds, shall be assignable and transferable in the same Manner as the original Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company was assignable and transferrable before the making of this Add.

III. And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England so enlarged or constituted,

being the better enabled by such new Subscriptions and Payments thereupon as aforesaid, to serve the Public, are willing to advance and lend to her Majesty a further Sum on the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, upon such Terms, Conditions, and Advantages as are hereafter in this Act C expressed in Relation thereunto, and are willing to accept an Annuity after the Rate of six Pounds per Ceiitum per Annum, out of the said Duties on Houses, for all the said Exchequer Bills that have been

made out, or are to be made out, in pursuance of the last recited Act, and to deliver up the said Bills as

fall as they can get them into their Custody, to be cancelled, upon such Terms, Conditions, and Ad ' vantages as are also hereafter in this Act expressedp in relation to such Annuity to be settled, and such Bills to be cancelled as aforesaid; are also willing to undertake a Circulation, (in the Manner and Form herein after mentioned) of two millions five hundred thousand Pounds in other Exchequer Bills to be issued for the life of the War, and other your majesty's Occasions, upon such Terms, Conditions,

and Advantages as are likewise hereafter in this Act expressed in relation thereunto; and are likewise willing upon the like Terms, Conditions, and Advantages to undertake the Circulation of such Exchequer hills as shall be made out quarterly, as well to discharge the Allowance of three Pounds per Centum per Annum which shall be due to the said Governor and Company for circulating the Exchequer Bills to be issued, in pursuance of this Act, from the Time such Bills shall begin to be issued, as also to discharge, or raise Money to discharge the Interest of twopence per dien, for every one hundred Pounds to be born upon the said Bills, until the Funds, which by this Act are settled and intended to discharge'

5 the said Allowances for Circulation and Interest, shall take Effect, and be sufficient for those Purposes Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous, not only to raise the necessary Supplies with as much Ease to your majesty's Subjects as is possible, for the carrying on and finishing the present War with Success, but also to use such Ways and Means in the doing thereof, as that your Majesty may have the better and more speedy Effect of the said Supplies, do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by '

Bank to advance the Authority aforesaid, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England so enlarged or «oo, oooo 1. into constituted as aforesaid, and their Successors, shall advance and pay into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, the full Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall remain after Deduction of such Discount as is hereafter in this Act allowed to be made out of the same; such Payment to be made by such Proportions, and at such Times, as are herein after appointed for Payment thereof; that is to say, one third Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nine, one other third Part thereof on or before the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nine, and the Residue thereof on r before the five and twentieth Day of August' one thousand seven hundred and nine.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, the said Governor and Company shall have and receive back, 'or shall and may retain and keep to their own Use, by Way of Discount, so much as the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for each Sum of Money which shall be actually advanced and paid for or upon Account of the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, shall amount unto, from the Day of the actual Payment thereof, until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eleven: And in case oi Nonjraymsnt the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall make Failure in any of the said Payments, ' nuy beiued, f0 by this Act appointed to be made into her Majesty's Exchequer as aforesaid, at or before the respective Days or Times before limited in that Behalf, the Money whereof such Failure in Payment shall be made, shall and may be recovered to her Majesty's Use, by Action of Debt, or upon the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance; in which Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, it shall be lawful to declare, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, are indebted to her Majesty the Moneys of which they shall have made Default in Payment, according to the Form of this Statute, and have not paid the same, which shall be sufficient; and in or upon such Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, there shall be further recovered to her Majesty's Use, against the

Rid j

400, 000 the Exchequer, &c.

Times of Pay

Bank to have a })ilcount of 6 percent. C till one August i7u.

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo annje Regina;

C 7* 343

said Governor and company of the Bank of England, Damages after the Rate of twelve Pounds per Cm and pay Damages tun, for the Moneys so unpaid contrary to this Act, besides full Coils of Suit; and the said Governor and at the Rate ot Company of the Bank of England, and their successors, and their, said Stock and Funds, shall be and are is 1 percent. hereby made subject and liable thereunto.

V. And for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England to advance and pay the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, with such Discount out of the same, as aforesaid, and to perform the other Services in this Act mentioned, and to the End the said Governor and Company and their successors, may have a competent Recompense and Consideration for so doing, it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective Provisoes or Condi Provides in 5w, tions contained in the said recited Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of rheir said late Majesties King & m C 2° and William and Queen Mary, and in the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William, and each of them, for determining the said Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per yeavtyfund Annum, and the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, upon the respective and Corporation, Notices and Payments in the same respective Acts mentioned, shall be, and are hereby repealed and made repealed, void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, so enlarged as aforesaid, and pri4tileges of tj, e their successors, forever, shall remain, continue, and be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name Bank confirmed, aforesaid, and shall forever have, receive, and enjoy the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Succession, and all Abilities,

Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages whatsoever whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are, or before the making of this Act, were intitled by the said Act of the fifth Year of the Reign of their said late Majesties King William and 5w.&m. c. 2o. queen Mary, and by the said Act of the eighth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William s &9w 1* or either of them, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants, or Charters whatsoever, now in Force; C zo' all which are by this Act ratified and confirmed to the said Governor and Company so enlarged, and their successors (the said Allowance after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, for circulating of Exchequer Bills, and the Powers only concerning such Circulation, given by the said Act of the fifth Year of her now majesty's Reign, excepted) freed and discharged of and from the said Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption hereby repealed, or intended to be repealed, as aforesaid, and all other Provisoes, Powers, Act, Matters, and Things whatsoever heretofore had, made, done, or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said Corporation or yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, and the said Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits, and Advantages, or any of them; subject nevertheless to such Restrictions. Rules, and Directions, and also to such other Agreements, Matters and Things, as in the said Acts and Charters, or any of them now in Force, are contained or prescribed; and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption) hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time Off

upon twelve Months Notice, after the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord onenotlce after thousand seven hundred and thirty-two, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the Paid Repay governor and Company of the Bank of e?tgland, or their successors, as well of the said Sum of one m: L mente. yearly lion two hundred thousand Pounds formerly advanced, as of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds Fund to cease. before mentioned, amounting in the whole to the Sum of sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, without any Deduction, Discount, or Abatement whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof; and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and interest Money, which shall be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Replied by Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their successors, shall have remaining in their Hands, " jai" or be intituled to at the Time of such Notice to be given, as aforesaid, (such Funds for Redemption whereof other Provision is afterwards made, in and by this Act, only excepted) then and in such Case, and not noris relating till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds shall cease and determine. hereto,

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after such Repayment by Parliament, of the said sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, and Payment of all Arrears of the Hid one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and of all the Principal and Interest on such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, and Parliamentary Funds aforesaid, shall be made to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and also Redemption shall be made by Parliament of the Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, hereafter in this Act settled and made payable to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, in Manner and Form herein after mentioned, and likewise from and after all the Exchequer Bills, which are to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, shall be entirely discharged and cancelled in Manner herein after mentioned, and Payment made to the said Governor and Company of the said Allowances hereafter made for circulating.

the said Exchequer Bills, that then, and not till then, the said Corporation of the Governor and com and Corporation pany of the Bank of England shall cease and determine, but till then, the said Governor and Company to determine, shall continue a Corporation, and shall have and enjoy all the Powers and Privileges they are now intituled unto by virtue of any.charter, Act, or Acts of Parliament heretofore granted or made.

VIII. And whereas the Exchequer Bills which were made forth in pursuance of the said Act of the fifth 5 Anna;, C 13.

Year of her Majesty's Reign, for her Majesty's Supply, did and do amount to the said full Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, and the quarterly Bills authorised to be made forth in pursuance of the same Act, for the said Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and the Allowance thereupon,

1 until and for the Quarter ended at Lady Day one thousand seven hundred and nine iucluilve, do amount

to

C

Anno septimo An njs Reginae.

A.D. 1708.

C to die further Sum of one hundred twenty-three thousand three hundred thirty seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Pen try halfpenny; in both, to one million six hundred twenty-three thousand three hundred thirty seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny half Penny, as by a Certificate signed by the Auditor of the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, bearing Date the first Day of April one thousand seven hundred and nine, doth appear; and the Interest: of the said Sum of one million six hundred twenty-three thousand three hundred thirty seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny half Penny, ' after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for six Quarters, to be reckoned from Lady Day one thousand seven hundred and nine to Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and ten, being computed and made principal at the End of each Quarter, doth amount to one hundred fifty-one thousand ftxhun

dred eighty nine Pounds nineteen Shillings and nine Pence more; and being added to the Sum last mentioned, the whole will amount to the Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings ten Pence halfpenny, for which an Annuity or yearly Fund, ' computed after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, doth amount to one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per annumnow for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by this and the said former Acts established, as aforesaid, to pay off, discharge, and cancel all the Exchequer Bills which have been ifitied,

5 Annas, C 13. or were athorized to be issued by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, as aforesaid; to the End the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, may have a competent Recompense and Consideration for so doing, and for their said Allowance after the Rate of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and fer all their Demands relating thereunto, according to the true Meaning of For discharging this at; We your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the said Commons of Great Britain in par all the Exchequer liament assembled, do humbly pray that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Bills issued by 5 That from and after the said Eeaft of Saint Michael the Archangel which shall be in the Year of our Lord Anns, C 13. one thousand seven hundred and ten, the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, by this auermichaeltnas an£j tjje fa;, j former Acts established, as aforesaid, and their Successors, for ever, (subject nevertheless to bank"entitled to the Proviso of Redemption herein after contained in this Behalf) shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be a yearly Annuity intituled by virtue of this Add, to have, receive, and enjoy one annuity^or yearly Sum of one hundred

0^106, 5011.135,

5 d. out of the Duty on Houses.

5 Annae, C 13.

An Annuity of 7 i, coi 1. 2 s.

3d. jq. established in lieu hereof, by 11

and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, of lawful Money of Great Britain, which shall be, and is hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable from time to time in the first Place, and with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever, out of the said Duties on Houses granted or continued unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for ever, by the said Act of the fifth Year of her. majesty's Reign, which is to take effedf front the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten, as aforesaid, and upon and out of such Remains and Arrears of house money, as by the Act last mentioned were intended to be charged with the Payment of the said Allowance of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, in case that Allowance had continued; the said Annuity of Geu 1, cg. §.1. one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, And farther Fro to be paid and payable at the four most usual Feasts or Days of payment.in the Year; That is to say, the vifiojjismadere Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of i^Geo. 2aat.i. Saint John Baptist, and Saint Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions; the first quarterly pay C g.'ment thereof to be made at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the Year of our ao Geo. ac. 3.. Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten; and that the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred and tax free. six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five pence, and every Part thereof, shall be

free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions whatsoever.

Treasurer, C

IX. And for the better and more regular Payment of the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand to sign Orders five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, to the said Governor and Company of the tori ayment. Hank of England, and their Successors, for ever (subject as aforesaid) an Order or Orders shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, and after the signing thereof, the same shall be firm, good, valid, and effctftual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act, and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office, or Offices of them, or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, and make void such Order so signed, as aforesaid.

Payments to be X And for the more speedy Payment of the said Annuity or yearly Sum of one hundred and six rnadc weekly, thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, to the said Governor and Company, as aforesaid; is hereby declared and enabled, That weekly or otherwise, as the Money of the said Duties shall from time to time be brought into the Exchequer for Payment of the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, the fam? shall and may be issued upon the said Order or Orders for or towards the discharging of the said Annuity, to grow due for and at the End of the Quarter in which such Payments shall be made, so as such weekly cp other Payments do not exceed the Sum of the quarterly Payment which should grow due for or at the End of every such Quarter respectively.

Bank may assign

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said the yearly An Governor and Company of the Bank of England and their Successors, at any Time or Times by Writing under their Common Seal, to assign the said Annuity or Yearly Sum of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and To toties juolies, and no such Assignment shall be revocable, so as 3 an.

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo anne Reginae. C 7. 34.5

nn Entry or Memorandum thereof be made in the Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt.

XII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five Annuity a per hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, and every Part thereof, shall be fonl1 C adjudged to be a personal and not a real Estate, and shall not be liable to any Foreign Attachment; any

Law or Cullom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And for the better securing the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and Duty on Houses

one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, unto the said Governor and Company of the f°the

Bank of England, by this and the said former Acts established, as aforesaid; is hereby enabled and de Annuities? C dared by the Authority aforesaid, That such Duties on Houses, and such Remains and Arrears of House

money, as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign were charged with the said Allowance 5 annte. c. i. of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, shall continue and be payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for satisfying and discharging the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum., and shall be raised, levied, re sec 2 geo, z. c.j, ceived, issued, accounted for, appropriated, and applied thereunto, under the same Rules, Directions,

Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are prescribed by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, touching the raising, levying, collecting, issuing, appropriating, applying, and accounting for the same; nevertheless freed and discharged of and from theproviso or Condition of Redemption, which was so contained in the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, and all other Provisoes and Conditions of Redemption whatsoever (theproviso or Condition hereafter in this Act contained for redeeming the said Duties bn Houses, and the said Annuity payable out of the same, only excepted; )' the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is herey enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon On is Months

one year'.s Notice to the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, and upon full Payment to Notice and re them of the said Sum of one million seven hundred seventy five thousand twenty seven Pounds seventeen arrent, L Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, and of all Arrears of the said Annuity of one hundred and six thou, Ans" sand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, if any shall be then due, nuity to cease, then and not till then, the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Penc & per Annum, shall from thenceforth cease and determine; and then also the and the said du said Duties on Houses shall he understood to be redemeed by Parliament, and shall not be issued, paid, or ties on Houses to applied to any other Use or Purpose whatsoever, but by Authority of Parliament; anything herein con he understood to tained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. beredemed.

XV. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act contained for or concerning the Redemption of Original Fund, the said Duties on Houses, or the said Annuity hereby charged thereupon, shall in any wise prevent or maybe rehinder the Redemption of the said Original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum pursuant to '!eemed without the abovesaid Proviso in that Behalf, or of any the Funds herein after settled, for circulating the Exche t[, e Annuity quer Bills hereafter to be made out, in pursuance of this Act, but that the same respectively may be redeemed

from the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, according to the respective Provisoes or Conditions in this Act contained for those Purposes, without Redemption of the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum.

XVI. And to the end all the said Exchequer Bills which have been issued by or in pursuance of the 5 Anns, C 13.

1 said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, which amounted as aforesaid, to fifteen hundred thou fandpounds, for her Majesty's Supply, and to one hundred twenty-three thousand three hundred thirty

seven Pounds eighteen Shillings and one Penny Halfpenny, in quarterly Bills, computed to Lady Day one thousand seven hundred and nine, as aforesaid, may be speedily paid oft', discharged, and cancelled;

and that her Majesty and her Exchequer may be effectually discharged of and from all Demands of any quarterly Bills which were intended to be issued by that Act, after Lady Day one thousand seven hundred and nine, until and for the Quarter to end at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and ten inclusively;

and that the said Duties on Houses by this Act made a Security for Payment of the said Annuity of 011c ' hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum,

may be free and clear from all Pretences to the said former Allowance of four Pounds ten Shillings per Centum per Annum, and all other Encumbrances whatsoever; 'It is hereby provided and enabled, C "

"to deliver up all Exchequer Bills in their Hands on 31 March 1709, to be cancelled, and discharge all the rest, as sail as they can be gotten in, Treasury to fix a peremptory Day, after 24 June, for cancelling the Remainder, Bills lost, &c. before 3t March 1709, on Oath before a Baron, and Security, Bank to pay the same, C Allowance of 4l. to s. percent, determined. 5 Annas, C 13. Bills to be issued out at the Treasury, not exceeding 2, 500, 000l. Such Bills to bear Interest at 2 d. per Diem "for every 100l. Bank to have an Allowance of 3 /. percent, for circulating, abut such Allowance

EXP.

to cease in Proportion as the said Bills shall be discharged and cancelled.

XXII. And for the Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England., by or in pursuance of this and the said former Acts constituted, as aforesaid, and their Successors, to undertake the Circulation not only of the said Bills, not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand Pounds to be issued for her Majesty's Supply, as aforesaid, but also of the quarterly Bills to be made forth in such Manner and Form as are herein after mentioned; and to the end a fufneient Fund may be settled, and Provision made, as well for the Payment of the Interest after the Rate of two Peace per Centum per Diem,

346 C 7.

Anno septimo Anna; Reginae.

A.D. 1708.

Recital of 6 Anna laring third Subsidies.

9 & 10w, 3. C C 2.3.

1 Anna, flat. I. < 7* '

to be born upon all the Bills to be issued in pursuance of this Act, and the Premium or Allowance, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, which the said Governor and Company, and their Suc ' ceflors, are to receive for circulating the same in the Manner and Form herein after expressed, until all the said Bills to be issued in pursuance of this at, shall be paid off and cancelled; and for establishing a' ' sufficient Fund for paying oft, and cancelling all the Exchequer Bills to be issued forth in pursuance of this Act in a reasonable Time We your majesty's said dutiful and loyal subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do further give and grant unto your Majesty the several Subsidies, Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid in Manner following, that is Recital ot o to say, ' Whereas by an act made in the sixth year of her Majesty's Reign for continuing (amongst other Anna:, C are < Things) the Duties called the Two third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, it was enacted, That (over anng e wo ancj a(jove the subf1(]ies and other Payments therein mentioned) there should be paid to her Majesty one other Subsidy called Tonnage, for and upon all Wines which from and after the seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, at any Time or Times within or during the Space of three Years from thence.next or immediately ensuing, should be imported or brought into Great Britain, that is to say, Two third Parts of such or the like several and respective Duties as by an at of the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Thid, were granted to his Majesty during his Life, and by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, are continued and payable during her Majesty's Life, for and upon any Kind of Wine or Wines respectively; one other Subsidy called Poundage, of all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes that should be imported or brought into Great Britain, at any Time or Times from and after the said seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred. and ewht, within or during the said Term of three Years, by way of Merchandise, that is to say. Two third Parts of such or the like several and respective Duties as by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late Majesty's Reign were granted, and by the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign continued, and payable fer and upon the same Goods and Merchandizes respectively (except Tobacco, and such Currans as should be imported in English built Shipping, navigated according to the Laws then in Force, and Sugar from the English Plantations, and such Goods and other Merchandizes, as by the two Acts last mentioned, or either of them, were exempted from the Payment of the Subsidies there two thirdsubfi by granted: )' Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Subsidies and Duties' J so granted by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign for the Term of three Years, as aforesaid,

shall be continued upon all Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported or brought into Great Britain (except before excepted) at any Time or Times from and after the Expiration of the said term of three Years, and shall be paid and payable from thenceforth to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for ever, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, subject nevertheless to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption herein after contained and relating thereunto.

XXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the same Subsidies or Duties by this Act continued, as aforesaid, and every of them respectively, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penaltis and Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Drawbacks, Allowances, and Repayments, and in such Manner and Form, in all Respects, as the like Subsidies or

6 Anna?, C ss. Duties continued by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, are thereby, or by any other Act or Acts, Laws or Statutes, whereunto that Act hath Reference, prescribed, enacted, or appointed to be ascertained, secured, r2ifed, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for during the Continuance thereof; and that all such of the Powers, Directions, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, provided, settled, or established by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts now in Force whereunto that Act hath Relation, for the better raising, levying, recovering, answering, or paying the respective Subsidies or Duties thereby continued, or for making any Drawbacks, Repayments, or Allowances out of any of the said Subsidies or Duties upon Exportation, shall be revived and be continued, and be in Force and Virtue during the Continuance of this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, and every of them, were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all European Linens, Sisters Threads, and Tapes, or Incle, Linseed and Flax, shall be exempted from the Payment of the said Duties, called the Two third Subsidies, during the Continuance of the same by virtue of this Act.

XXV. And whereas the said Subsidies or Duties last mentioned were by the said Act of the sixth Year of C 2i as to un" C her Majesty's Reign made subject and liable inter alia) to the Securing, Payment, and Satisfaction of all the 6 Anna t z*principal and interest Moneys, which should, from time to time, remain unsatisfied, of and for certain Loans 'c ' not exceeding the Sum of six hundred thirty-six thousand nine hundred fifty seven Pounds four Shillings

and a halfpenny, borrowed upon a former Act therein mentioned: 'Now it is hereby further declared and After the Loans enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that the Sum now remain on 6 Annie, C ing unsatisfied of the Loans, not exceeding the said Sum of six hundred thirty-six thousand nine hundred ^herema mder' fifty seven Pounds four Shillings and a halfpenny, and the Interest thereof shall be fully paid off and tobereferved for discharged, or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, out of the mo the Purposes of nies arising or to arise by the last mentioned Subsidies or Duties, then all the Moneys which from thence this Act. forth, during the Remainder of the said Term of three Years, shall or may arise by the said last mentioned Subsidies or duties.(except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the

'- same)

dies continued for ever.

6 Annee, C 22,

Subsidies how to be raised.

European lin nen, Sisters Threads, C exempted. Explained by 32 Anna?, flat.

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo anne Reginae. C 7.

same) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXVI. And whereas by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, ' Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and upon Mullins, and the increased or new additional Rates and Duties upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, cocoapafte, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves,

Mace, and Pictures, and the further Rates and Sums charged or imposed for and upon all White Callicoes, Porcelain, commonly called China Ware, and Drugs (except Drugs for Dying) in the said Act mentioned, should be continued, and be paid and payable unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon the same Commodities and Merchandizes respectively, which should be imported into Great Britain, from and after the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and ten, atrany time or times within or during the Term of four Years from thence next and immediately ensuing Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and Mullins, and the said increased or new additional Rates and Duties upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and the said further Rates and Sums charged or im

Eofed upon all White Calicoes, Porcelain, commonly called China Ware, and Drugs (except Drugs for lying) so continued by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the Term of four Years, as aforesaid, shall be further continued, for and upon the same Commodities and Merchandizes respectively (except before excepted) which hall be imported or brought into Great Britain, at any time or times from and after the Expiration of the said Term of four Years, and shall be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, subject nevertheless to the pro viso and Condition of Redemption herein after contained and relating thereunto.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said last mentioned Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, by this Act continued, as aforesaid, and every of them respectively, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Distribution of the said Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Drawbacks, Allowances, and Repayments, and in such Manner and Form in all Respects, as the like Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money continued by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, are thereby, or by any other Act or Acts, Laws and Statutes whereunto that Act hath Reference, prescribed, enacted, or appointed, to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, answered, paid, and accounted for, during the Continuance thereof; and that all such of the Powers, Directions, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, provided, settled, or established by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts nowin Force, whereunto that Act hath Relation, for the betterascertaining, raising, levying, recovering, answering, or paying the respective Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Coffee, Coconuts, and other the last mentioned Commodities thereby continued, or for making any Drawbacks, Repayments, or Allowances out of any of the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, upon Exportation, shall berevived, and be continued and be in Force and Virtue during the Continuance thereof by this Act, in as full and ample Manner, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said Powers, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, and every of them, were again repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXVIII. And whereas the Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Coffee and other the enumerated Commodities last mentioned, were by the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, made fub jedt and liable to and for the securing, paying, and satisfying all the Principal and Interest Moneys which should, from time to time, remain unsatisfied of or for certain Loans, not exceeding the Sum of Seven hundred thousand Pounds, borrowed upon a former Act therein mentioned Now it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that the Sum now remaining uafatisfied of the Loans, not exceeding the said Sum of seven hundred thousand Pounds, and the Interest thereof, shall be fully paid off and discharged, or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, then all the Moneys which from thenceforth, during the then Remainder of the said Term of four Years, shall or may arise by the said Duties on Coffee and other the Commodities last enumerated (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, answering, and recounting for the same) shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, distinctly for the Purposes in this a'dl expressed, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIX. And whereas several Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Mo 4 ney upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, were given and granted to his late Majesty King Charles the Second, _ of Blessed Memory, for his Life, by an Act of Parliament made in the twelfth Year of his Reign, (entitled, A Subjiely granted to the King, of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Sums of Money payable upon Merchandizes exported and imported) and by the Book of Rates thereunto annexed; which Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchan dizes, as well exported as imported (with some Alterations) were, by several subsequent Acts, granted to continue until the first Day of Augaft one thousand seven hundred and ten; and by an Act made in the fifth Year of her now majesty's Reign, (entitled, An Act for continuing several Subsidies, Impositions, and 1 Duties, and for making Provisions therein mentioned, to raise Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occafons, and for ascertaining the jvine Measure) the said Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties and Sums of Money last mentioned, were enacted to continue and be payable to her Majesty for and upon all Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes 1 Y y 2 ' ^hich

347

6 Anna?, C 22.

See S Geo. i. C 15. §. 17.

Duties on Coffee, Tea, C continued for ever. The additional Duties repealed by 10 Geo. 1. c. 10.

18 Geo. 2. c. 260 and new ones imposed.

Drugs for Dying excepted.

Subject to a pro viso of Redemption.

Duty on Coffee, chow to be raised.

6 Anna?, C VI

6 Anna?, C 22*

After the former Loans are satisfied, the Remainder reserved for the Purposes of this at.

3 & 4 Anna?, C

12 Car. 2. C 4,

5 Annas, C 27,

I

Annie, C jg.

5 Annie, C 27.

6 Annie, C 19.

12 Car. 2. C 4. Half Subsidies of 6 A nnae continued for ever.

6 Anna?, C 19.

Subject to Redemption.

Same Drawbacks, cas by the former Atts. 6 Anns, C 19.

Former Powers for levying the Duty continued.

6 Annas, C 19.

C Anns, C 19.

After the Loans upon 6 Anns, C 19. are riif charged, Remainder to be applied to the Purposes of this Act.

C 7. Anno septimo anne Regius. A.D. 1708.

which should be imported nt any Time or Times between the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten and the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve: And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the half Subfiles therein mentioned, withseveral Impoftions, and other Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan for the Service of the ivar, and other her Majesty's necessary and important Occafons, and for charging of Prize Goods and Seizures, and for taking off the Drawbacks of foreign Cordage, and to obviate the clandestine 'Importation of wrought Silks, it was enacted, amongst other Things, That over and above all other Subsidies, additi onal Duties, Impositions, and Payments whatsoever, by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament,

or otherwise howsoever, then due or payable, or which then ought to be paid to her Majesty for or upon any Wines, Goods, or Merchandizes whatsoever, imported or to be imported, there should be raised, ' levied, collected, paid and satisfied unto her Adajdty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon all Wines, 1 Goods, and Merchandizes, which at any Time or Times from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and four teen, should be imported or brought into Great Britain, one Moiety or half Part of such and the like several and respective Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money, as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign were charged or payable within or during the Term thereby granted or limited, for or upon the like imported Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes respectively (except such Goods and other Merchandizes as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any Law in Force at the making of the said Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, were exempted from the Payment of the Subsidies or Duties which were first g anted in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second as aforesaid): Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said one Moiety of half Part of the said Subsidies, Duties; and Sums of Money, granted by the said last mentioned Aift of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported as aforesaid, into Great Britain (except as in the same Act is excepted) hall from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be further continued and charged, and shall be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors for ever, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, subject nevertheless to theprovifoor Condition of Redemption herein after contained, and relating thereunto.

XXX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where by the said last mentioned Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, any Drawbacks or Abatements are to be made of the whole, or any Part of the Duties thereby imposed on any Wines, Goods, or Merchandizes imported, there shall be in the like Cases, the like proportional Drawbacks and Abatements made of the whole, or Part of the Duties by this Act imposed upon the same Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes respectively and that the said Moiety or half Part of the said Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money by this Act granted, shall be raised, collected, levied, secured, and paid within and throughout the whole Kingdom of Great Britain, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties, and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances, and subject to such Rules and Directions, as in and by the said last mentioned Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any other Act or Acts therein referred unto, are prescribed or appointed, for the raising, levying, collecting, securing, and paying the said Moiety of half Part of the same Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money granted by the same Act of the sixth Year of her said majesty's Reign; and that every Article, Rule, and Clause contained in the said last mentioned Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or in any Act or Acts of Parliament therein mentioned, or thereby referred unto, for raising, collecting, levying, securing, and paying the said Moiety or half Part of the said Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes thereby granted as aforesaid, during the Continuance thereof, are and shall be by Force of this Act revived, and shall be used, exercised, and put in practice, for the raising, levying, collecting, and answering the said Moiety or half Part of the Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes by this Act granted or imposed as aforesaid, and all Arrears of the same, from Time to Time for the Ufds and Purposes in this Act expressed, as fully and effectually, as if the same Articles, Rules, and Clauses, and every of them, were again particularly, and at large recited and re enacted in the Body of this present Act, excepting only as to such of the said Articles, Rules, and Clauses touching which other Provisions, Alterations, or Exemptions are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in being, which other Provisions, Alterations, or Exemptions, shall he observed, with respect to the Moiety or half Part of the Subsidies, Duties, or Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes hereby continued as aforesaid, in the same Manner as they are to be observed with respect to the said Moiety or half Part of the said Subftdits, Duties, or Sums of Money formerly granted as aforesaid.

XXXI. And whereas the said one Moiety of half Part of the said Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, together with several other Impositions, Subsidies, and Duties mentioned in the said last mentioned Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, were by that Act made subject and liable to the Securing, Payment, and Satisfaction of certain Loans of any Sums which should not exceed in the whole seven hundred twenty-nine thousand sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, borrowed or authorised to be borrowed thereupon, and such further f urns for Payment of Interest as are therein mentioned or referred unto: 'Now it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that all the said Loans, not exceeding seven hundred twenty-nine thousand sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, borrowed or authorised to be borrowed as aforesaid, and all the Interest Moneys secured, or intended to be secured by the said last mentioned Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, shall be paid off and discharged in the Manner in the same Act mentioned, or that sufficient Money shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, out of the Moneys arising or to arise by

3'the

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Annx Regina. C 7.

the Subsidies, Duties, and Impositions thereby appropriated thereunto, then all the Moneys which from thenceforth, until the said first Day of Augiifl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall or may arise by the said Moiety or half Part of the Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes by the said former Acts granted, and by this Act continued as aforesaid, (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer distiqftly for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

CXXXII. And whereas by another Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing one half Part of the Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon wines, Goods, and Merchandizes imported, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and for settling a Fund thereby, and by other ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, not exceeding eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Ser vice of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eight, and other ijfes therein expressed, it was, amongst other Things, enacted, That over and above all other Subsidies, additional Duties, Impositions, and Pay ' inents whatsoever, by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament, or otherwise howsoever, then due or payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty, for or upon any Wines, Goods, or Merchan dizes whatsoever, imported or to be imported, there should be raised, levied, collected, paid and satis fied unto her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon all wines, Goods, and Merchandizes,

which at any Time or Times from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

twelve, within or during the Term of ninety six Years from thence next and immediately ensuing,

should be imported or brought into Great Britain, one Moiety or Half Part of such and the like several

respective Subsidies and Duties, and Sums of Money, as by the said Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, therein mentioned, are charged or payable within or during the Term or Time there by granted or limited for or upon the like imported Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes respectively,

except such Goods and other Merchandizes as by the said last mentioned Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or by any Law in Force, were exempted from the Payment of the Subsidies or Duties which were first granted in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second as aforesaid;

And whereas a Sum not exceeding in the whole the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, to arise by and out of the said last mentioned Moiety or half Part of the said Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes, is by the said last mentioned Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign appropriated for and during the said Term of ninety six Years for the Payment of Annuities to be purchased in pursuance of that Act; in which said Act it is provided and enacted, That if at the End of any Quarter of a Year of the Term for which the Annuities upon that Act were to be purchased, the Moneys arising at the Exchequer of or for the said half Subsidies and Duties by that Act appropriated (certain Contribution Money therein mentioned to be reserved, being excepted) should exceed all the Moneys then due for or upon the same Annuities and all Arrearages thereof, then or at any Time or Times before that Time incurred, so that there should be an Excess or Surplus remaining in the Exchequer, such Excess or Surplus should be disposable, from Time to Time for the Public Use and Service and not otherwise: 'Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Excess or Surplus which shall from Time to Time arise of and from the last mentioned Moiety or half Part of the said Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchmdizes, afeer Payment and Satisfaction, or reserving at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, from Time to Ti lie, sufficient to pay and satisfy the said Annuities, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, charged upon the said last mentioned Moiety or half Part of the Subsidies, Duties, or Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes by the said last mentioned Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, during the said 'Perm of ninety six Years, (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, ascertaining, and accounting for the same) and also all Arrearages of the said last mentioned Moiety or half Part of the said Subsidies, Duties, and Sums of Money upon Wines, Goods, and Merchandizes (not already appropriated, or to be applied by any former Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) shall, as the same shall arise, be kept distinci and apart in her Majesty's Exchequer for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXXIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties commonly called by the Name of The two third Subsidies, which from and after the Expiration of the said Term of three Years formerly granted therein as aforesaid, shall arise, grow due, or become payable" by Virtue of this Act to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and all the Moneys which from and after the paying off and discharging all the said Loans, not exceeding six hundred thirty-six thousand nine hundred fifry seven Pounds four Shillings and a halfpenny, and all the interest thereof, shall or may arise during the then Remainder of the said Term of three Years of or for the said Subsidies and Duties, commonly called The two third Subsidies, granted or continued by the said Act: of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign; and the said Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures, and upon Muslins, and the increased or new additional Rates and Duties upon all Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Pictures; and the further Rates and Sums charged or imposed for and upon all White Calicoes, Porcelain, commonly called China Wares, and Drugs, which from and after the Expiration of the said Term of four Years formerly granted therein as aforesaid, shall arise, grow due, or become payable by Virtue of this Act to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors; 2nd all the Moneys which from and after the paying off and discharging all the said Loans, not exceeding seven hundred thousand Pounds, and all the interest thereof, shall or may arise during the then Remainder of the

said

349

6 Anna;, C jj.

5 Anna?, C 27.

12 Car. 2. C 4.

6 Anna?, C 11.

Excess or Surplus ar ling of the Annuity Act 6 Anna

6 Anna?, C 11.

to be kept apart in the Exchequer for the Purposes of this Act.

The Two third Subsidies.

6 Anna?, C 22.

The Duty on Coffee, C

The Duty on Calicoes, C

350 C 7. Anno septimo Anna: Regime. A.D. 1708.

said Term of four Years of and in the said Duties, and additional or further Duties on Coffee, and other the enumerated Commodities last mentioned, granted by the said at of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Half the old Reign; and the said half Subsidies and other Duties, which from and after the said last Day of "July one

Subsidy, C thousand seven hundred and fourteen shall arise, grow due, or become payable by Virtue of this Act to

her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; and all the Moneys, which from and after the paying off and discharging all the said Loans, not exceeding seven hundred twenty-nine thousand sixty seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, borrowed or authorised to be borrpwed as aforesaid, and all 6 Anna;, C i2. the Interest Moneys secured, or intended to be secured by the said Adb of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign in that Behalf, or reserving sufficient Money in the Exchequer, for that Purpose as aforesaid, shall or may arise of or for the like half Subsidies or Duties by the same at of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and all the Moneys which (at the End of any Quarter of a Year of the Term for which the said Annuities not exceeding 6 Anns, C u. eighty thousand Pounds per Annum upon the said other Adb of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign are purchased) shall arise at the Exchequer of or for the other half Subsidies or Duties by that at appropriated, over and above the Moneys then due for or upon the same Annuities, or for Arrearages thereof, then or at any Time or Times before that Time incurred as aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, answering, paying, and accounting for the said Subsidies, Duties, Surplus Moneys, Remains, and Arrears respectively, and the Charges of making and issuing all the Exchequer Bills to be made a General made forth or issued in pursuance of this Act, always excepted and foreprized) are and shall be a general offans°canoe 1°^ Fund and Security, as well for satisfying and paying, from Time to Time, all such Moneys as shall be lin£thebult, &c. due or payable according to the true Meaning of this Act, for the said Interest to be born on the said Bills, J and for the said Premium or Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for or towards raising the yearly Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, to commence as is herein' after mentioned for paying off and cancelling the said Bills in the Manner herein after expressed.

CC A Book to be kept in the auditor's Office for er.tring the General Fund. Till the Fund established c' takes effect, Treasury to compute quarterly the Interest due on Exchequer Bills: And to make out "other Bills for so much as shall be due, with like Interest and Currency, &c. and be dated on the "Quarter Day to which the Interest is computed, and paid to the Bank, &c. Remainder of the Subsidies, &c. appropriated for paying off Exchequer Bills. Deficiency of one Quarter to be made good "out of the Overplus of the next. Surplus of any Quarter disposable by Parliament. Allowance of 3 "percent, for Circulation to be paid weekly. Treasury to issue Money to any Person for discharging "the Interest on the Bills. The yearly Sum of 200, 000l. for discharging the Bills, to be issued and ap "as the Treasury shall direct; but the weekly Payments not to exceed 50, 000/, in one Quarter. "Officers misapplying the Money, &c. forfeit Office, &c. Exchequer Bills to be taken by all Receivers, "(Ac. and at the Exchequer. Receivers, &c. to exchange the Bills in ready Money, or be liable to be "sued for the Money, &c. How the Plaintiff in such Action may declare. He shall recover Damages "and full Costs of Suit. The Bills to pass as Specie in the Exchequer. Interest on Bills to be allowed "by Receivers, &c. Bills in Receivers Hands, &c. Interest to cease. Persons paying Bills to Receivers, "(Ac. to endorse their Names, Day, and Year when paid. Bills re issued to have the Day and Year en "(Ac. Bills after 24 jurie 1709. to be re issued only for the Principal. Tellers to be reimbursed the Interest they allow. Receivers General to keep a Book, &c. to be inspected without Fee, on "Penalty of too, to any one who will sue for it. Bank to exchange all Bills re issued at the Exchequer. Penalty on Bank refusing to exchange. Bills filled up by Indorsements, &c. Treasury to issue "ones. Bank may call in Money from their Members for circulating, &c. See 8 Annae, C 1. §. "116. Members refusing. Bank may stop their Dividends, &c. and charge Defaulters with Interest at "percent. Not paid in 3 Months, Bank may sell. Bank may make Dividends of the Money called "in. Felony to counterfeit these Exchequer Bills. Bank to have one Part of the Cheques, &c. of all " Bills. Members not disabled by anything in the Ad to be Parliament Men, or liable to be Bankrupts. "No other Exchequer Bills to be issued, until all these be paid, without Consent of the Bank. EXP."

During the Bank no Company in Partnership lo take up Money on their Bills, payable under 6 Months.

Capital Stock, C exempted from Taxes,

and to be deemed a personal Eft ate.

LXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, it shall not be lawful for anybody Politic or Corporate whatsoever, erected or to be erected, (other than the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England) or for any other Persons whatsoever united or to be united in Covenants or Partnership, exceeding the Number of six Persons, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to borrow, owe, or take up any Sum or Sums of Money on their Bills or Notes payable at Demand, or at any less Time than six Months from the borrowing thereof.

LXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Common Capital and Principal Stock, and also the real Funds of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and all the Profit and Produce to be made thereof, or arising thereby, and the said Allowance after the Rate of three pounds_/>w Centum per Annum, and the particular Part, Share, and Interest of every Member of the said Corporation in the said Stock, Funds, Profits, Produce, and Allowance, and the Principal to be contained in the said Bills, and the Interest to be born thereupon, shall be and are hereby exempted from any Taxes, Rates, Assessments, and Impositions whatsoever, during the respective Continuances of the same; and shall be deemed in all Courts of Law and Justice, and in all other Courts and Places whatsoever, to be a personal Estate, and not real, and shall go to the Executors and Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, or intituled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person of Per

Anno septimo Ann Regina.

351

7*

Tonnes; and that the Paid Common Capita] and Principal Stock, and real Funds of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and the said Allowances after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, the said Exchequer Pills, whilst in the Hands of the said Governor and Company, and the particular Part, Share, and Interest of every Member of the said Corporation in the said Stock, Funds, Allowances, and the said Bills, whilst such Bills shall be in the Hands of the said Governor and Company, as aforesaid, shall not be liable or subject to any Foreign Attachment by the Custom of London, or other and not liable to wife; anything in this Act:, or in any other Act contained, or any other Lavy, Statute, Provision, Usage, Foreign auach or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. ment

LXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the original Fund of the said Tfce original Governor and Company of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum before mentioned, and all Profit, Fund, C to be Benefit and Advantage, from time to time arising out of the Management of the said Corporation, and j r^cm_ also the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and b, resi0 1*Cm" rive Pence per Annum, and likewise the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for circulating the Exchequer Bills to be made in pursuance of this Act, shall (the Charges of managing the Business of the said Governor and Company, only excepted) be applied from time to time, to the Ul'es of all the Members of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England for the Time being, ratably and in Proportion to each memher's Part, Share, and Interest in the common Capital and principal Stock of the said Governor and Company hereby continued, enlarged, and established.

LXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and re Subscribers of spective Persons who have subscribed the several Sums in the said Books, amounting to the said Sum of 2>2°1>, 7>1 is two millions two hundred and one thousand one hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings, or for whom Fifth to^a such Subscriptions have been made, and have paid down one fifth Part of each Sum subscribed, as afore be Remainder said, or their respective Assigns, shall, and they are hereby respectively enjoined and required to pay to into the Bank, the said Governor and Company, or their Cashier, for their Use, the remaining four fifth Parts of every Sum so subscribed or written in the said Books, or any of them, against their Names respectively, and also every Sum of fifteen Pounds, or after that Rate, to be added to every hundred Pounds, or any greater or lesser Sum subscribed, as aforesaid, at such Times, and, by such Proportions, as the Court of divestors at such Times as of the said Governor and Company for the Time being, or the major Part of them, shall appoint in thatdireoors Behalf, so as public Notice thereof be given as well in the London Gazette, as by a Paper to be signed stall afpolnt* by the Secretary of the said Governor and Company, and fixed upon the Royal Exchange in London, at least ten Days before the respective Days of Payment so appointed; and in case Default shall be made in Defaulters to any of the said Payments so appointed and notified, then the Person or Persons making such Default, prf!11 shall forfeit the fifth Part so paid down, as aforesaid, to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of " r pal own' England, and their Successors, and in respect of such fifth Part shall not be intituled to any Share or Dividend out of the Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

LXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful Bank may make to and for the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England so enlarged and constituted - afore Dividends, C said, and their Successors, at any Time or Times hereafter, when they shall find it safe and convenient, to reduce or lessen their Capital Stock increased as aforesaid, by any Dividend or Dividends to be made among the then. Members of the said Corporation in their private or personal Capacities, ratably and in taking Care that Proportion to their respective Shares and Interests therein, taking Care that the Sum total of all their the Debts they Debts which they shall owe at any one Time to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, do shall owe, exceed not exceed the Value of the Joint and Capital Stock, and such other Estate which at any such Time Capital shall be and remain to the said Governor and Company undivided; and that in case the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, by any Dividend whatsoever to be made amongst themselves in their private or personal Capacities, shall reduce or lessen their joint Stock or Capital, without limiting, paying off, or proportionably reducing the total Sum of the said Debts which they shall owe to others, as aforesaid, so that the Value of their joint Stock and Capital, and other their Estate then remaining undivided, shall not be sufficient to answer their just Debts then remaining unpaid; in every such Case the in such Case the particular Members of the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and particular mem every of them respective, who in their private or personal Capacities shall receive any Share of such Divi bcrs_who have dend, shall be severally liable, and they are hereby made liable, so far as the respective Shares so by them s'^'o/ such respectively received upon such Dividend will extend, to pay and satisfy the Debts which shall remain due dividend Uftall and unpaid by the said Governor and Company, to any other Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Cor be, so far as that porate, as aforesaid, who by virtue of this Act shall or may sue for and recover the same (besides Treble will extend, i costs) by action of debt, or upon the Case, as is before mentioned; anything in this, or any former able to fasthe Act, Charter, or otherwise howsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. tlrebank"18 by

LXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That from and after the complete paying^off, and discharging the said Principal and Interest due on all the said Exchequer Bills to be issued in pur are shdischartred, fuance of this Act, and cancelling all the Bills, and full Satisfaction made as aforesaid, of all Arrearages the Duties are of the said Arilowances, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for circulating the same, redeemed, then, and not till then, the several Duties by this Act settled or appropriated, as well for Payment of the said Interest, after the Rate of twopence per Centum per Dietn, and the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, as for raising the said yearly Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, and every of them, shall be understood to be redeemed by Parliament, and shall not be Blued, paid or applied

352 C 7.

Anno septimo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1708.

plied to any Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever, without the Authority of Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

The not redeem

LXVII. Provided neverthelel's, That nothing in this Act contained, for or concerning the Redemption ing the U Du of the Paid Duties by this Act settled and appropriated, as well for Payment of the said Interest, after the der the Rede'" °ftw0 ^ence per Diem., and the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum,

timi of theori" 2s fr ra*'<'ing the said yearly Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds for cancelling the said Bills, shall in gieal Fund, C any wise prevent or hinder, the Redemption of the said original Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, or the said Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hundred and one Pounds thirteen Shillings and five Pence, pursuant to the respective Provisoes for those Purposes in this Act contained; but that the same, or either of them may be redeemed from the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, according to the respective Provisoes or Conditions in this Act contained, without Redemption of the said Duties and Funds hereby settled in Relation to the Exchequer Bills to be made forth in pursuance of this Act, as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise not with standing.

The Dividend of '

LXVIII. And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England established by for h>n "onl" lto thv*lr er Acts herein recited, did on the three and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ou^membeie.w 1 e>ght, Rier a Dividend of four Pounds and ten Shillings per Centum to be made Amongst their then Members It is hereby enabled and declared, That the said Dividend only belongs to, and is to be received and enjoyed by the respective Members of the said Corporation, before the making of the subscription before mentioned, and their respective Assigns, in Proportion to their respective Interests in the then Capital Stock of the said Governor and Company.

Commissioners

LXIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That the Persons named Commissioners for taking Sub for taking the Subscriptions in the Act before mentioned, or any of them, shall not incur or be subject to foriptionsindem any Incapacity, Forfeiture or Penalty whatsoever, for or in Regard of their or any of their being named nlfied Commissioners, or abling in or upon the Commission for taking such Subscriptions, or any Ways relating

thereunto; any Lav or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXX. And be it further enacted and declared, hat this present Act shall be esteemed in all the Parts thereof in all Courts of Law and Equity to be a publick Act, and Notice thereof shall be taken as such by all Courts and Persons accordingly.

LXXI. And it hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as often as any of the Bills hereby

Publick A.

Bank not obliged

t0i7 sntereht0 authored to be issued mail become payable by the said Governor and Company, and shall be brought a Penny!"*to t'lem to be exchanged for Money, the said Governor and Company shall not be obliged to pay for such Interest to any lesser Sum than a Penny due upon such Bill, in case a single Bill be produced for Payment, or for the Total of the Interest of such Bills, where two or a greater Number of Bills shall be offered at one Time by the same Person; the Payment or Tender of all such Interest as shall be due on such Bill or Bills (except such Sum less than a Penny) together with the Principal due on such Bill and Bills, shall be good and sufficient in Law, as if the Principal and entire Interest, including such less Sum than a Penny, had been paid or tendered upon such Bill or Bills.

Bjnk may call

LXXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That it shall and may be lawful for dldoutof IT'" t*le Governor and Company, and their Successors, from time to time hereafter in such Manner, and capitalstock, CC by such Notice as in this Act are before appointed for calling in any Moneys for the Circulation of Exchequer Bills and other the Purposes before mentioned, to call in or direct to be paid by or from their respective Members for the Time being proportionably all or any Part of the Moneys, which shall have before been divided and paid out of their said Capital Stock of four millions four hundred and two thousand three hundred forty and three Pounds, under such Penalties, Charges, and Forfeitures for nonpayment of any Moneys of the said Capital so called in, as are before appointed for nonpayment of any other Moneys (not Capital) by this Act authorised to be called in, as aforesaid.

Duties deficient

LXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the respective t be nijde good Dimes by this Act granted or appropriated, or any of them, shall at any Time or Times appear to be Aids 1 e next so deficient, that within any one Year the said respective Duties shall not be sufficient to answer and fa tarther Pnin tisfy the several and respective Purposes to which the same are hereby severally appropriated, then and in sims concerning every such Case, and as often as such Deficiency shall happen, the same shall be provided for, answered Bank, 9 Ann. and made goodbye and out of the next Aids to be granted by Parliament. C 7. 12 Arm.

St. 1. C 11. 12 Arm. St. 2. C 3. 3 Geo. i. C 8. II Geo. j C g. j Geo. 2. St. 2. C 8, 2 Geo. 2. c. 3, 11 Geo. %, C 27. §. 16, 15 Geo. 2. c. 13.

1 §geo, 2, C 6. 24 Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. VIII.

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Ann Regin.

C 353

CAP. VIII.

An act for continuing several Impositions and Duties, to raise Money by way of Loan; and for exporting fritish Copper and Brgfs Wire duty free; and for circulating a further.sum in Exchequer Bills, in case a new Contract be made in that Behalf; and concerning the Oaths to be administred inrelation to Italian thrown Silks, and touching Oils and Plantation Good? of foreigners, taken or to be taken as Prize.; and concerning Drugs of America to be imported from her Majesty's Plantations; and for appropriating the Moneys given in this session of Parliament; and for making out Debentures for two Transport Ships in this at named; and to allow a further Time for registring certain Debentures, and for Relief of Persons who have lost such Tickets, Exchequer Bills, Debentures, Tallies, or Orders, as

in this ab are mentioned.

most.gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain n Parliament assembled, for the better enabling your Majesty to defray the Expenses of the present War, and for other your majesty's most necessary and important Occasions, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty the several and respective Subsidies, impositions, and Duties herein after particularly described, for and during the Terms herein after expressed, and do.most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the queen's most Excellent majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Duties on Wines the several Impositions an.dputies upon Wines and Vinegar granted by an Act made in the first Year f tinued tosiau" the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an 1716. hnpofitlon upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred 1 Ja. 2. C. 3. eighty-five and the twenty-fourth dayafjune one thousand six hundred ninety three, which said A CL by several Farther continu subsequent Acts of parliament since made, was continued, and is to continue until the first Day of Augujled^8 Annas, one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall, by virtue of this Act, be further continued and be pay a'n(j made perpe able to her. Majestjft her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines and Vinegar which shall be im tuaiby9 Anns, posted Into Great Britain, from the last Day of July questhousand seven hundred and fourteen to the first C 21. §. 1. Day of August One thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and no longer; and that the said Act so made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James the Second, and all Powers Provisions, Penalties, 1 P 2' C 3* Articles, and iclaufes therein contained, for or concerning the said Impositions on Wines and Vinegar, ihaft continue on.d fie in full Force and Effect, until; the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and shall be applied, practised, and executed for raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying tjhe said Ditties upon wine.and Vinegar hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, assis all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of the said King James the Second contained, had been again in this Act repeated, and.particularly enacted.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties, and Impositions Duties on to upon all Sorts of Tobacco, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar 'i°ja. ^, 7' imported between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and the twenty-fourth Day Farther co.

of June me thousand six. hundred ninety three, which said Act as for and concerning the said Duties and ei by, s.aanx, Impositions upon Tobacco only, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament since made, was continued, C .?3 gnd is to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall, by virtue of this Act, be further continued and paid unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Tobacco, to be imported into Great Britain, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and no longer.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty Duties on to upon Tobacco which shall be imported within the Times by this Act limited, and all Arrears thereof,

shall be secured, collected, raised, levied, answered, and paid to her Majesty in such Method, and with y&'gw!. c. 10. such Pjfcoupt and Allowances, and according to such Rules and Directions, as are mentioned, referred to, or prescribed fas to the Duties or Impositions upon Tobacco) in and by the Act made in the Parliament held in the seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, of glorious Memory, in 7 3 C

tituled, An Act for continuing several Duties, granted by former Acts upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War against France, and not otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted'.by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional and other Rates, 9, CL rpn* Impositions, Duties, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an'g 1 Au" Act made in the second Year of the Reign of king William the Third and Queen Mary, intituled, iw.&m.ff. z. An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all east-india Goods and Merchandizes, and upon C 4. all Wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandizes to be imported after the five and twentieth Day of Farther contirm pecember one thousand six hundred and ninety, and which thereby, and by several Acts of Parliament already ed 8 Annaf» made, have Continuance until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be a, d ^ade perpe further continued.and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon the like Commodities tual by9 Anna?; Vql, IV 2 a to C 21* §. X

4-

comma

rrd made perper tual by g Annie,

C 21. §. 1.

354- C 8-

Anno septimo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1708.

7 VJ. 3. C xo.

Additional Impositions continued to 1 Aug. 1716. 4 & 5 W. & M. C 5. Farther continued by 8 Annas, C 13. and made perpetual by9 Annas, C zi;

to be imported into Great Britain, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and no longer; and that the said Act made in the second Year of their late Majesties Reign, concerning East India Goods and other Things therein charged, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and shall be applied, practised, and executed for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and

?aying the said respective Duties hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and ntent of this present Act, as fully, and to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly enacted (except only as to such Part of the said Acts, concerning the said Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, East India Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, touching which other Provisions' or Alterations are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force, which other Provisions or Alterations are to be observea, and to continue during the Continuance of this present Act) and the said Act, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wines and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War against France, and every Article, Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, for the raising, levying, securing, answering and paying the Impositions and Duties on the Merchandizes and Commodities thereby charged, and which are by this Act continued, shall be of full Force and Effect, until the said first Day of jtugujl one thousand seven hundred and sixteen.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional and other Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes, granted by an Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting, to their. Majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for prosecuting the present War agaivji yx2.nct, which by several subsequent Acts of Parliament already made, have Continuance until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, hall, by Virtue of this Act, be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, "throughout Great Britain, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and no longer; and that the said Act last mentioned, and all Powers; Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained (except as herein after is excepted and provided) as for and concerning the said Rates, Duties and Impositions, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act; as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly enacted in this present Act: Provided also, That in all Cases where any other Provision or Alteration is made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Being, in or about any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Parliament for the Impositions last mentioned, such other Provisions or Alterations shall be observed. during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Dut'es on Whale

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Impositions and Duties, for and upon all Sins continued Whale Fins imported, which by an Act of Parliament in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Mato Aug. 1716. jesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for taking away half the Duties imposed on Glass wares, 9 & 10 W. 3. cmii the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen Wares, and Tobacco Pipes, and for granting in lieu thereof Farther continu ne duties on Whale Sins and Scotch Lumen, were granted to his said late Majesty King William, and by edbysanna:, subsequent Acts already passed, have Continuance until the first Day of August one thousand seven hun C 13. and made dred and fourteen, shall be, and are hereby continued and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and succef perpetual by fors, upon all Whale Sins to be imported into Great Britain, from the last Day of July one thousand fe9 Anna?, C zi. ven hunc]red and fourteen, to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and no longer; and shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in such Manner and Form, and byffueh Way?

and Means, and under such Penalties, as are mentioned in the said Act for granting the said Impositions on Whale Sins and Scotch Linen; which Act. with all the Powers, Provisoes, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, or thereby referred to, shall continue and be in full Force until the said first, of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution for raising and levying the said Duties on Whale Fins hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof; as fully and effectually as if all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained concerning the said Duties on Whale Sins were repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

f VII. And whereas the said Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, which were first granted to King Jambs the Second, in the first Year of his Reign, and the said Impositions on East India Goods, and other Goods charged therewith, which were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary in the second Year of their Reign, and the said additional Impositions which were first granted to them in the fourth Year of their Reign, and the said Diities on Whale Fins imported, which year granted to his said late Majesty King William in the ninth Year of his Reign, were by several subsequent Acts of Parliament continued (with some Exceptions and Alterations) as aforesaid, until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in the Manner therein.mentioned, and are thereby made subject and liable (together with such other Dufies as are therein expressed) to the Satisfaction of several principal Sums which were borrowed, or authorised to be borrowed upon those Acts respectively, and the Interest due, and to be due for the same, which Principal and Interest are to be duly paid off and discharged in the first placenow it is hereby further declared and

- i. enacted

1 Ja. I. c. 3. aw. MT. i. C 4.

4 & 5 W. tc M. e 5-.

9 & 1.0 W, 3.

45-

A.D. 170.8. Anno septimo ann's Regime. C 8. 355

enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the Time that all the Principal and 4f, er lhe pr!n' Interest Moneys which by the said former Acts, or any of them, are charged or chargeable on the several ^pal'c& sfajhe Impositions and Duties lall particularly mentioned (jointly with other Duties) as aforesaid, shall be fully discharged, paid off and satisfied according to the true Meaning of the said former Acts, or that sufficient Money shall several Duti; s be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, then all the Moneys which from thenceforth shall arise by appropriated for the said Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, which were first granted to King James the theufesof thu Second in the first Year of his Reign, and the said Impositions on East India Goods, and other Goods Act' charged therewith, which were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in the second Year of their Reign, and the said additional Impositions which were first granted to them in the fourth Year of their Reign, and the said Duties on Whale Fins imported, which were granted to his late Majesty King William in the ninth Year of his Reign, for the Remainders of the Terms formerly granted, and therein then to come and unexpired (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) shall, from Time to Time, be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer distindhy for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and for no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

VIII. And whereas it is found by Experience, That the Duties upon the Exportation of Copper of britifhcoppcr the Produce and Growth of Great Britain, and upon Brass Wire made in Great Britain, have annually and Brass Wire produced very inconsiderable Sums, and nevertheless do hinder the Exportation of such Copper and to be sported Wire, to the Prejudice of this nation be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no dutjf free* Subsidies or other Duties shall be due or payable by any Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever upon the Exportation of any such Copper or Wire, which from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nine, shall be exported to or for any Parts beyond the Seas j any Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas the Governor and Company of the Bank of England have undertaken the Circula 7 Anns, C 7.

tion of Exchequer Bills, amounting to two millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty's Supply, in such Manner and Form, and upon such Terms and Advantages as are mentioned or see gdnn. c.j,

intended by another Act of this Session of Parliament in that behalfnow it is hereby provided, &c.

"The Bank may agree to circulate further Exchequer Bills for 612, 739l. £ffc. with the same Advantages,

"(Ac. as by the former Act, &c. Oath upon importing Italian thrown Silk, to be made before the Col r Anna, flat, j, "ledtor, &c. Oils and Plantation Goods of Foreigners, taken as Prize, to pay Customs, pursuant to C 27.

"her majesty's Declaration, iz May 2 Annae. EXP. See 8 Anna;, C 1." 6 Ann, C 19.

XII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of drue f Ameri june one thousand seven hundred and nine, Jesuits Bark, Sarsaparilla, Balsam of Peru and Tula, and all fresher other Drugs of the Growth and Product of America, may be imported from any of her Majesty's planta majestyypun tions in America, in Ships regularly manned and navigated, paying the same Duty and no more, as if tations, they were imported directly from the Place of their Growth; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

igm.i, r. 43. 8 Geo. I. C 15. 10 <7«. I. r. 20. 17 Gn. 2. c. 31. 25 Geo. 2. c. 32.

see farther

31 Geo. 2. C iz & 35,

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful, to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance or lend to her Majesty at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, as well upon Credit of the several Impositions and Duties by this Act granted or continued, as also upon Credit of the Moneys which by the said former Adds, after Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest thereupon as aforesaid, shall arise by the Impositions and Duties thereby granted, any Sums which shall not exceed in the whole six hundred forty five thousand Pounds, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; moreover, the Treasurer of the Exchequer for the Time being, or any three or more of the commissioner of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby authorised and directed to cause the Officers of the said Receipt of Exchequer, to receive from Time to Time, by way of Loan, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, willing to make the same at the said Receipt, any further Sum and Sums of Money, over and above the said Sums not exceeding six hundred fortyfive thousand Pounds, as shall be sufficient to make good the Payment of all the Interest Moneys appointed or allowed by this Act, every three Months, until the said Impositions and Duties arising by this or by the said former Acts, or any of them first happening, shall come into the Exchequer, and be sufficient for that Purpose, pursuant to the Intent and Meaning of this Act; and that all the Lenders as well of the said Sums not exceeding six hundred fortyfive thousand Pounds, as of the said further Sums for making good the Payment of the intermediate Interest as aforesaid, shall have and receive Interest for the Forbearance thereof, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, shall be taxed, rated, or assessed by any Act of Parliament whatsoever "

"to have Tallies struck, &c. Orders to be paid in Course, &c. No Fee, fc. to be taken. "Penalty. Tallies of the same Date no undue Preference. No Penalty to incur, if subsequent Orders "be first paid. Orders assignable. EXP."

CL a use of Loan for 64 5, 0001.

and of a farther Sum for making good the intermediate Interest,

at 6 percent, tax free,

See S Anne, 23.

/. j2.

XVIII. And whereas in and by one Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, a Credit was given 5 Ann, C 27, ' for any Sums not exceeding eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds fif teen Shillings and sixpence Farthing; and by another Act of the sixth.year of her Majesty's Reign, Anne. 19, ' a further Credit was given for any Sums not exceeding seven hundred twenty-nine thousand sixty seven

Z z 2*Pounds

356 C 8. Anno septimo Annj£ Reginae.' A.D. 170?.

C Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings, to be borrowed upon those Acts respectively, at an Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the several Subsidies, Impositions and Duties in the same Acts respectively mentioned; and the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are by the same Acts respectively authorized and directed to cause the Officers of the Exchequer to receive, from Time to Time, by way of Loan, at the like Interest at the said Receipt, any further Sum or Sums of Money as should be sufficient to make good the Payment of all the Interest Moneys, appointed or allowed by the same Acts respectively, every three Months, until the Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties therein mentioned, should come into the Exchequer, and be sufficient for that Purpose, pursuant to the Intent and true Meaning of the same Acts respectively Now it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That This Act not to nothing in this Act contained shall extend or be construed to extend to the taking away, altering, or lef pvcjudice the Southeast fening the said Power and Direction of borrowing Moneys to make good the Payment of the said interest yvas^hovemen Moneys every three Months, until the said Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties in the said respective Acts tioned. mentioned shall come in, and be sufficient for that Purpose as aforesaid, or in any wise to alter or prejudice

the Security given by the said several Acts of the fifth and sixth Years of her Majesty's Reign, or either of them, for the Repayment and Satisfaction of the same, or any other the Principal and Interest Moneys, which were secured or intended to be secured by the same Acts respectively, but that the Orders for the same shall be registered in Course, and paid in the same Manner upon each of those Acts, as if this Act had never been made; this present Act, or anything therein contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Clause of Appro

XIX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto her Majesty on one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be

nna?, C ra'j'ec{ fry a Eand yax 'ln Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, and so much Money' (if any such bej of the Tax thereby granted, as Siall arise and remain after all the Loans made, or to be made upon that Act, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for the raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Money lent and to be lent under her Majesty upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, inti 7 Anna, C 3. tuled, An act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, and so much Money of the said Duties of Malt, Mum, Cy - and Perry thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made, or to be made upon

that Act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and the Sums payable by the Governor and Company of the Bank of the England, for or upon Account of the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds to be ad 7 Anns, C 7. vanced by way of Discount, according to another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply, granted to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, and the Exchequer Bills not exceeding two millions five hundred thousand Pounds issuable by that Act, for her Majesty's Supply; and the Sums intended to be raised by Loans and Exchequer Bills, by or in pursuance of this present Act; shall be appropriated, issued, and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated, for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed; that is to say, For or towards the defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear, and other Services of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for the Sea Service in the office of the Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the Land Service performed and to be performed by the Office of the Ordnance; and to and for Subsistence, off reckoningsiand Clearings for one Year, from the three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eight, to her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and the contingent Charges of the same, and for Payment of Invalids for the said Year, beginning from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eight; and for or towards the defraying the Charges of her Majesty's Army, and such, as are or shall be added thereunto, in the Low Countries or Germany, within, or for one Year, to be reckoned from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eight, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards' her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of three thousand Palatinesp formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of four thousand six hundred thirty-nine Saxons, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of bothmar's Regiment of Dragoons, confiding of eight hundred men, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine; and for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge for augmenting the Troops, which have been resolved for acting in Conjunction with her Allies in Flanders, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine; and for defraying the Charge of maintaining the Forces in her Majesty's Pay to serve in Spain and Portugal, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven.hun d ed and nine; and for or towards the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies due upon treaties made or to be made with her Majesty's Allies, and other Charges for the Service of the War, sop any Time before, or until the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred' and nine; and for or towards the Payment of a yeai's Interest further on the unsatisfied Debentures, charged upon the Irish Forfeitures; and for or towards the transporting of Land Forces performed and to be perform'el; and for or towards: discharging the Premiums and other Charges, for circulating the old Exchequer

>. ( Bills

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Annje Reginae. C 9. 357

Bills for another Year and for or towards the defraying extraordinary Charges of the War already incurred, and not before this Time provided for by Parliament; and for making good such Payments as by another Act of this Session of Parliament are to be made, as well for discharging the Allowances for or upon the Exportation from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork cured with Foreign Salt, imported before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, as also to pay for such Salt so imported, and, still remaining in the Hands of her Majesty's Subjects there; and for Payment of the General officers serving in Flanders in the Years one thousand seven hundred and eight and one thousand seven hundred and nine, according to the Stations in which they have or hall have served by their respective commissions; to no other Uses, Intents, and Purposes whatsoever. Provided, always. That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons, as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, towards the the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers raised and to be raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the Navy and Sea Service, as aforesaid, there hall be taken and applied such Sums, as together with the said Sum not exceeding, eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds ten Shillings, hall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Ma 13 & 14w.4

jesty King William the Third, ot glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for reviving and continuing an C

intituled, An Act for the appointing the Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the

i Army, Navy, and for Transport Service, and also an Account of the Prizes taken during the late War, the Commissioners thereby appointed did state and determine the Debts due for the Hire and Freight of the

Ship Robert and James, and the Ship John's Adventure, taken up for transport Service in the Year one thousand six hundred; ninety and three, and prepared Tickets, Bills, Certificates, or Debentures for the same; which Tickets, Bills, Certificates, or Debentures were not signed by the said Commissioners, C the Masters or Proprietors of the said Ships not demanding the same before the Expiration of the said

Be it therefore enacted, &c.

C Debentures to be made out for the Ships Robert and James, and Johns Adventure. Irish Debentures lost "

"Oath before a Baron, &c. and Security, Treasury may grant Duplicates. Time allowed for "registring Army Debentures till 29 Sept. 1709.

EXP.

XXIII. And whereas several Tickets, commonly called Million Lottery Tickets, and Mali Lottery Tickets,

1 which are still unpaid, and several Bills called Exchequer Bills, not yet discharged, also diverse Sorts of Bills or Certificates, commonly called Debentures, made forth for Arrears due to the Army, and for Trans

Services, not being applied to the purchasing of any of the forfeited Estates in Ireland, or otherwise discharged, and also diverse Tallies and Orders for Payment of Annuities granted by Act of Parliament, C are by Casualty or Mischance, lost, burnt, or otherwise destroyed Be it hereby further enacted, C "

"Barons of the Exchequer, on Affidavit made before them, that any Lottery Tickets, Exchequer " Bills, Debentures, &c. are lost, hall give a Certificate thereof, and the respective Officers, on Security given to indemnify them, hall make forth Duplicates of such Tickets, (Ac: and in Default of such "the Lord Treasurer, &c. hall order such Duplicates to be made forth. All which hall be done without Fee, &c.

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An hst for giving the Commissioners of Sewers for the City of London the same Powers as the Commissioners of Sewers for Counties have; and to oblige Collectors for the Sewers to account.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the nineteenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign

Lord Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for rebuilding the City of London, it is amongst other 19 Car. 2. C 33 ' Things enacted, That the Number and Places for all Common Sewers, and Vaults, and Drains, and the Order and Manner of paving and pitching the Streets and Lanes within the said City and Liberties, 1 shall be designed and set out by such. and so many Persons, as the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons of the said City in Common Council assembled, hold authorise and appoint under their Common Seal, dr the more Part of them; to which Persons several Powers and Authorities are thereby given, for the Ends in the said Act mentioned: And it is thereby enacted, That all other Commissioners whatsoever, be altogether suspended from intermeddling In the Fremifies for the Space of seven Years, and for so long after,

until the intended Buildings of the said City hold be fully finiftied; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding: And whereas by another Act made in the two and three and twentieth Years of the 22*23 Car. 2»

Reign of the said King, it is enacted and declared, That the said Clause or Branch of the said Act herein C 17,

before recited, hold remain and continue in Force, and be made perpetual, and the Powers and Authorities thereby given and appointed to be executed by such Persons as hold in that behalf be authorised and appointed by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons in Common Council assembled, according -.

4 to the Tenor thereof, under their Common Seal, or any seven or more of them, hold and might for

ever thereafter be put in Execution, according to the Purport and Effect of the aforesaid Act; and that no other Commissioner, or any other Person whatsoever, hold at any Time then after intermeddle in the Premises, within the said City and Liberties thereof; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstand

ing;

358 C 10.

Anno septimo anne Reginae.

The Persons authorised by the Mayor, Sec, of London, have

all the Powers given to of of Sewers, in any other County or Place j but subject to the

A.D. 1708.

ing; And whereas some Doubts have arisen whether the said Persons so authorised have the like Powers

and Authorities vested in them, as' Commissioners of Sewers, by virtue of their Commission, and of the

Laws and Statutes of this Realm, have in any County within that Part of Great Britain called England explaining the same, and for remedying the Mischiefs herein after mentioned, Be it declared and enacted by the queen's rr.oft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Persons so, as aforesaid, authorised and appointed by the Mayor, Aldermen, and

and shall exercise Commons of the said City of London in Common Council assembled, or that shall hereafter in like man in London, &c. ner be authorised and appointed for the Purposes in the said recited Acts mentioned, have of Right exercised and put in Practice, and shall or may, for the Time to come, exercise and put in Practice, within the said City of London, and Liberties of the same, all and every the Powers and Authorities given to and veiled in any Commissioner of Sewers in any other County or Place, by Force and Virtue of any the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, or of any Commission to them granted, pursuant to the same, and shall be deemed and taken to be Commissioners of Sewers within the Limits aforesaid, subject nevertheless to the Limitations and Directions of the said Statute of the two and three and twentieth Years of the Reign of Car 2. "it our said iate Sovereign Ring Charles the Second.

Collectors of the D. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons appointed by Ttates refuting on the said last mentioned Statute to be Collectors of the Rates and Duties that shall be assessed, according to Notice to appear the Directions of the said Statute, for the Ends and Purposes therein contained, shall neglect or refuse, before the Com upon due Notice to him or them given, to appear before the said Commissioners, at the Place of their pub missioner and to Meetings, and give a just and true Account, upon Oath, of all Moneys by him or them collected and on Oath ccount received for the Purposes aforesaid, which Oath the said Commissioners, or any seven of them, at any or neglecting to any their public Meetings, according to the Directions of the said Statute, are hereby authorised and collect, cor empowered to administer, or shall neglect or refuse to collect such Sum or Sums as shall be specified in a Roll delivered to him, or shall neglect or refuse to pay such Money so collected, as upon such Account shall appear to be in his Hands, into the Chamber of the said City, according to the Directions of the said Act, every Person so neglecting or refusing to appear, collect, or pay, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, a Sum not exceeding ten Pounds, over and above what Money he shall be chargeable with, to be set. and imposed by the said Commissioners, or any seven of them; which said Penalties, and all other Fines that be set and imposed by the said Commissioners, pursuant to the Authority to them given, shall be levied by Distress and Sale of the Goods of the Person so offending, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of To be paid into the said Commissioners, or any seven of them, rendering the Overplus, (if any be) after the Charges of londonnd a - Distress and Sale deduded, to the Owner of the said Goods; all which Fines and Sums ofmone^, plied To theap and other Fines to be set and imposed by the said Commissioners, shall be paid into the Chamber of maintaining the London, and applied for and towards the maintaining, repairing, cleansing, and scouring the public Drains and Sewers within the said City and Liberties thereof.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained, shall be adjudged deemed, or taken to extend to the Conservatorlbip of the River of Thames, or to give any Jurisdiction to the said Commissioners to intermeddle with the same, or to alter the Powers or Authorities of the Lord Mayor of the City of London for the Time being, touching the same, but the same shall or may continue to be managed, executed and done, as before the making of this Act j anything herein before contained to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if any Action, Suit, Plaint, or Information shall, at any Time ls none m after first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and nine, be commenced, 'sued or prosecuted against

pmfuance°of this any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do, in pursuance of any of the recited Acts, or this Act, Act, the Defend such Person or Persons, so sued or prosecuted in any Court whatsoever, shall or may. plead the General ant may plead Issue, and upon Issue joined, may give the said Acts or this Act, or any of them, and the special Matter, as the Case may require, 'in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Prosecutor become nonsuit, or suffer discontinuance, or if a Verdict pass against him, her, or them, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover Treble Costs, for which they shall have the like Remedy as in any Case where Colls by Law are given to Defendants.

All the said Acts V And it is also enacted, That this Act, and the said recited Acts, shall be deemed and taken for to be taken as 'Public Acts.

Public Acts.

19 Car. j.'fc. 3. 22 & 23 Car, 2. C 17. See the following Chaffer

to pay the Money col left ed, shall forfeit 101. to be levied by Distress, C

Sewers.

This Act not to extend to the Conservatorlbip of the Thames.

If any Action be brought for what is done in

[Treble Costs.]

the General Issue, and shall recover

Preamble reel the Laws in Force concerne ing Commissions of Sewers.

H, 6. C 5.

H. 6. C 3. C 4 H. 7. C 1.

23 H. 8. C 5.. C 25 H. 8. c. 10.

3; &> 4 Ed, 6, ( 8*

I

CAP. X '.

An Act for rendering more effectual the Laws concerning Commissions of Sewers.

WHEREAS by the Laws now in Force concerning Commissions of Sewers, it is provided. That if any Person or Persons being assessed or taxed to any Lot or Charge for any Lands Tenements, or Hereditaments within the Limits of any such Commission, do not pay the said Lot and Charge, according to the Order and Alignment of the Commissioners, having Power of the Execution of the said Commission, that then the said Commissioners for lack of Payment of such Lot and Charge, may decree and ordain the said Lands and Tenements from the Owner or Owners thereof, and their Heirs, and the Heirs of every of them, to any Person or Persons, for Term of Years, Term of Life, fee simple, or fee tail, for Payment of the same Lot and Charge, the said Decrees and Ordinances to be executed in 1 Mar, St. 3. C 11. >3£/, C 9. 3 Jac. I. t, 14.

such

35.?

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo anne Regins. C ir.

such Manner, as by the said Laws now in Force is directed and appointed: And it is thereby provided, ' That the same Decrees and Ordinances shall bind all and every Person and Persons, that at the making of the same Decree had any Interest in such Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, in Use, Possession

or Remainder, their Heirs and Feoffees, and every of them; and shall also bind as well the Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments of the King of England, as all and every other Person and Persons and their Heirs, and such their Interest, as they shall fortune to have in any Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, or other casual Profit, Advantage, or Commodity whatsoever they be, whereunto the said Lawsi Ordinances, and Decrees hall in any wise extend, according to the true Purport, Meaning, ' and Intent of the said Laws; but the said Laws of Sewers now in Force, have been found defective, in that sufficient Power and Authority is not thereby given to Commissioners of Sewers, to make Sale of Copyhold or Customary Lands within the Limits of their Commission for the Causes aforesaid For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners authorised by Commission from her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, or any six or more of them, to put in Execution the Laws now in Force concerning Sewers, for Nonpayment of any Lot or Charge assessed or charged upon any Copyhold or Customary Lands within the Limits of their Commission, and by the Power and Authority of the said Commission of Sewers, to decree and ordain the said Copyhold or Customary Lands so charged from the Owner or Owners, and their Heirs, and the Heirs of every of them, to any Person or Persons, for such Estate and Interest therein, as the said Owner or Owners thereof, or any claiming in Remainder under them, at the Time of such Decree made, had in the same Copyhold Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments; the said Decrees to be made and executed, as Decrees concerning Freehold Lands are, by the said Laws now in Force, to be made and executed.

II. Provided always, That all and; every Person or Persons, to whom any such Sale of Copyhold or Customary Lands or Tenements hall be made, shall before such Time as they or any of them hall enter or take any Profit of the same Lands or Tenements, agree and compound with the Lords of the Manors of whom the same hall be held, for such Fines or Incomes, as heretofore hath been most usual and accustomed to be yielded or paid therefore; and that upon every such Agreement or Composition, the said Lords for the Time being, at the next coujtto.be held at or for the said manors, shall not only grant to such Vendee or Vendees upon Request, the same Copyhold or Customary Lands or Tenements by Copy of Court Roll of the said Manors, for such Estate or Interest as to them shall be so decreed or sold and referring the ancient Rents, Customs, and Services, but also shall in the same Court admit them Tenants of the same Copyhold or Customary Lands, as other Copyholders of the same Manors have been wont to be admitted, and to receive their Fealty accordingly.

III. And be it further enacted and declared, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the of of Sewers, or any six or more of them, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, to give Authority to any Person or Persons, to levy the Sums of Money by them, from time to time, to be assessed or taxed upon the Lands, Meadows, Marifties or Grounds, liable or chargeable with any Sesses, Taxes, Impositions, or Charges, by Authority of their said Commission, by Distress and Sale of the Goods of such Person or Persons that shall not pay, or refuse to pay the same; and the Overplus of the Money arising upon such Sale, after Deduction of the reasonable Charges of making such Distress and Sale, hall be restored to the Owner or Owners of the Goods so distrained.

CAP. XI.

An act for ascertaining and directing the Payment of the Allowances to be made for or upon the Exportation from Scotland, of Fish, Beef, and Pork, cured with Foreign Salt imported before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven \ for disposing such Salt (till remaining in the Hands of her Majesty's Subjects there \ and for ascertaining and securing the Allowances for Fish and Flesh exported and to be exported from Scotland fr the future. '... 1

WHEREAS certain Quantities of White Herrings, mnd of Salmon, Codfish, Beef and Pork, cured with Foreign Salt only, which was imported into Scotland before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven (at which Time the happy Union of the two Kingdoms of England and Scotland took Effect) have been, since the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, exported from several Parts of Scotland, such Herrings, Salmon, and Codfish respectively, having been first duly pined, cured, and packed for Exportation with the said Foreign Salt only, without any Mixture of British or Irish Salt, according to the Laws and Acts of Parliament formerly made in Scotland, and still In Force in that Behalfqnd. the said Beef and Pork having been alfp first duly salted with the said Foreign Salt without Mixture, as aforesaid, and exported for Sale only; and on the five and twentieth day!.of March one thousand seven hundred and nine, certain other Quantities of White Herrings, Saliriori, Codfish, Beef and Pork, do or may remain in Scotland ready to be entered for Exportation from thence to Parts beyond the Seas, being also salted with Foreign Salt imported into Scotland before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, without Mixture, as aforesaitl; and such Fish being also duly pined, cured and packed, and the Bees and Pork last mentioned, being likewise in

'tended

After 25 March 1709. of of Sewers may for Nonpayment of any' Let assessed on .* Copyhold Lands, decree the same from the Owners, C

The said Decrees to be executed as Decrees concerning Freeholds.

The Boyers of such Copyhold Lands to agree with the Lords of whom held, for thcaccustom ed Fines, and the Lords to admit them Tenants.

Six of the of may by Warrant empower any person to levy the af feflrnents by Distress and Sale. The Overplus to be restored to the Owner.

- 1" % "

- 1.. '

No Debenture to be allowed Ull Oath, V

'!.

; < i.*1

Mi {: _ :CHOW

the Allowances for the Future shall be af cetfainfed.

jby 10 Annze, C 2.6. §, 108. These Salaries are chargeable on the Customs and Excise, C And see 5 Geo. C 20. /. i.

C ir. Anno septimo Ann, Regina A.D. 1708.

( tended for Sale only: And whereas the Sum total of all the 'Allowances claimed for the said Fish and Flesh exported, and to be exported from Scotland, so salted with Foreign Salt imported before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, being computed according the rates un questionably allowable for the like 'fish and Flesh salted with Foreign Salt imported into Scotland after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, will not by Estimation exceed twenty eight thousand four hundred and fifty-two pounds nineteen billings and seven pence; ' Be it enacted, tsv,

I, *- u

Fish; cured with Foreign Salt only, imported before i 'May 1707. to have the same Allowances a? C since the Union. Debentures to be prepared for Fish, C exported since 1 May 1707. and before 15 May "1709, idc. And to be brought to the Commissioners of the 'Customs at Edinburgh, by 15 July709. Not to exceed 28, 452l. 19 s. yd. Treasury to issue Money for Payment to Sir Patrick johnson, C

EXP.

V. And for preventing Frauds, be it enacted, That no Debentures for any Allowances to be made by Law for any Fish or Flesh exported, or hereafter to be exported from Scotland (the Debentures for the said allowances not exceeding the said Sum of twenty-eight thousand four hundred and fifty twp pounds? nineteen Shillings and seven Pence, for Fish and Flesh cured with Foreign' Salt imported from Scotland before the Union as aforesaid, only excepted) shall be prepared or allowed until such Oaths be mode and taken, which the proper Officers have hereby Power to administer; and all such other Matters and Things be done and performed for preventing of Frauds to her Majesty's Prejudice, as by any lawor Statute now in Force in England ox Scotland are to be made, taken, done or performed for preventing Frauds in the like Allowances for the like Kinds of Fish and Flesh respectively; and all Laws nowdn Force in England ox Scotland, for preventing any Frauds upon the Importation and Exportation offish and Flesh, for which the said Allowances are to be made by Law, shall be in Force, and extended to Scotland, C

VI. And whereas certain Quanties of such Foreign Salt imported into Scotland before the said first Day ' of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, do still remain in the 'hands of several of her Majesty's 4 Siibjeftsthere, not having been employed in the curing of Fish orflefh, or otherwise howsoever, Vhtch Salt in Hand doth not, by Computation, exceed in the whole fifty-one thousand seven hundred seventy sevenbufhels, reckoning eighty fourpounds Weight to thebufhelit is hereby further enacted, UV.

"Such Foreign Salt in Hand to be weighed by the Salt Officer by Ji June 1709. and certified to the Com "by 15 "July 1709. Not to exceed 51, 777 Bushels. Stock in Hand not delivered, 'forfeited. 44 Salt so delivered to be cellar'd, C Treasury so issue Money for Payment at9s. per Bushel Sir Pa "Johnson, CC Sir Patrick Johnson, C to have 2 d. per Pound."

EXP.

X. And for the better ascertaining and securing all such Allowances as by Law ought to be made for any Fish or Flesh exported, or hereafter to be exported from Scotland, which have been or shall be duly salted and cured only with Foreign Salt imported finoe the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and seven, or hereafter to be imported into Scotland, and for which her Majesty's Duties payable by the Act of Union, have been, or shall have been first duly paid or secured; Be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That all such. Allowances (not being already satisfied) shall be paid by the Officer appointed to collect the Duties upon Salt payable in Scotland, out of the same Duties arisen or to arise in the same Port from whence any such Fish have been or shall be exported, within Thirty Days after Demand thereof, on a Debenture to be prepared by the Collectors of the Customs in the Port where such Fish or Flesh have been or shall be entered out for Exportation, and verified by the Person executing the Office of Searcher in such Port, as to the Quantity of Fish or Flesh actually slipped, and that theoafh of the Exporter or agent be first taken before the principal Officers of the said Port, before the Debenture be allowed, who ace hereby required and imp.owered to.give the said Oath, that the Fish in every such debenture mentioned, were caught by her Majesty's Subjects, Inhabitants of Great Britain, and that the Fish and Flesh in such debenture mentioned, were really exported to Parts beyond the Seas for Sale, and not intended to be relanded in Great Britain, and were duly cured only with Foreign Salt imported into Scotland after the said first Day 1 of 'may one thousand seven hundred and seven, without any Mixture of britijlj ox Irish Salt, and that her Majesty's Duties for such imported Salt shall have been duty paid or secured; which Particulars shall be specified in such Debentures respectively, for which Debenture or Debentures no See or Reward shall be taken; and in case the Officer hereby directed to pay such Debenture, shall not have sufficient Money in his' Hands to pay the same, then such officer and Officers shall give a certificate in writing thereof, withoiitfee orcharge, to thj Exporter or his Agent, to be directed either to the Commissioners of the Customs, or the Commissioners of Exciffi in Scotland, at the Option of the said Exporter, or his Agent, and upon producing Rich Certificates, together with the Debenture or Debentures, so certified, to the of of the Customs, or the Commissioners of 'Excise for the time being, to whom such Certificate shall be directed, shall cause such Debenture or Debentures so certified, to be paid and satisfied without see r Charge, in Course, out of any her Majesty's Duties arising upon Salt in Scotland, ox out of the said Revenues of Customs, and Excise in Scotland, or any of them, 'which are hereby charged therewith, and made liable thereunto, out of the first Moneys arising by the said Revenues respectively, and with Preference to all other Payment? whatsoever to be made out of the same; the Charges of raising and managing those Revenues, and the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges allowed, or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Court of Session and Justiciary, and the Exchequer Court tn Scotland always excepted and foreprized; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wif» notwithstanding; and any Officer*t or

1

1

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Annje Reginae. C 12, 361

or Officers, Commissioner or Commissioners, to whom it may belong to certify or pay any such Debenture or Debentures, relufing or neglecting to do his or their Duty therein, as is hereby directed, shall forfeit double the Sum so to be paid, to the Party grieved, to be recovered in the Exchequer of Scotland as aforesaid.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to charge any Part of, or lessen Not to charge directly or indirectly the Overplus of the Customs of Scotland, exceeding the Sum of thirty thousand, he Overplus Pounds per Annum, mentioned in the fifteenth Article of the said Union, or any Part of the Overplus of the Excise of Scotland, exceeding the Sum of thirty-three thousand five hundred Pounds per Annum, men m cot

tioned in the same Article; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XII.

An act for preserving the Privileges of Ambassadors, and other public Ministers of Foreign

Princes and States.

j

WHEREAS several turbulent and disorderly Persons having in a moll outrageous Manner insult prearnt>ie, reeled the Person of his Excellency Andrevj Artemonowitz Matiueof, Ambassador extraordinary of his ting that the 1 Czarish Majesty, Emperor of Great Russia, her Majesty's good Friend and Ally, by arresting him, and czar's Ambafla taking him by Violence out of his Coach in the publick Street, and detaining him in Custody for several dor havins been Hours, in Contempt of the Protection granted by her Majesty, contrary to the Law of Nations, and in anefted>

Prejudice of the Rights and Privileges which Ambassadors and other public Ministers, authorised and received as such, have at all Times been thereby possessed of, and ought to be kept sacred and inviolable Be it therefore declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords' Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all acfions and Suits, Writs and Processes commenced, sued or prosecuted against the enacted there j said Ambassador, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, and all Bail Bonds given by the said Ambassador, fore, that ail or any other Person or Persons on his Behalf, and all Recognizances of Bail given or acknowledged in any such action or Suit, and all Proceedings upon or by Pretext or Colour of any such action or Suit, ou e

rit or Process, and all Judgments had thereupon, are utterly null and void, and shall be deemed and adjudged to be utterly null and void, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsoever.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Entries, Proceedings, and Records against And ail pm the said Ambassador or his Bail, shall be vacated and cancelled, ceedings against

III. And to prevent the like Insolences for the future, be it further declared by the Authority aforesaid, hm and his Bail That all Writs and Processes that, shall at any Time hereafter be sued forth or prosecuted, whereby the " "*'*'^Person of any Aambassador, or other public Minister of any Foreign Prince or State, authorised and re against^ny'pub ceived as such by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or the Domestic, or Domestic Servant of any lick Minister, such Ambassador, or other public Minister, may be arrested or imprisoned, or his or their Goods or or any of his Chattels may be distrained, seized, or attached, nail be deemed and adjudged to be utterly null and void Servants, to be to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes whatsover. adjudged void

IV. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons shall,

presume to sue forth or prosecute any such Writ or Process, such Person and Persons, and all Attorneys and Punishment for Solicitors prosecuting and soliciting in such Case, and all Officers executing any such Writ or Process, Arornies, C being thereof convicted, by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Wit foing so«h fu«h ness or Witnesses, before the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Process

Chief Justice of the Court of Qtieen's Bench, the Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas for the time being, or any Two of them, all be deemed Violators of the Laws of Nations, and Disturbers of the public Repose, and shall fuller such Pains, Penalties, and corporal Punishment, as the said Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, and the said Chief j ustices, or any Two of them shall judge fit to be imposed and inflicted.

V. Provided, and be it declared, That no Merchant or other Trader whatsoever, within the Descrip No Merchant, don of any of the Statutes against Bankrupts, wi > haul or niii put himself into the Service of any such Scc. to have any Ambassador or public Minister, shall have or tab, Manner of Benefit by this Act; and that no Per Benefit of this fein shall be proceeded against as having arrestr va u of n Ambassador or public Minister, by.

virtue of this Act, unless the Name of such Sc. V w fiat registered in the Office of one of the Princi o/anamblffa pal Secretaries of State, and by such Secretary i. ftted to the s.ieiiffs of London and Middlesex for the dor, unless his

time being, or their Under Sheriffs or Deputies, man, upon tr.e Receipc thereof, hang up the same in Name be re

some public Place in their Offices, where to persons may refo.t, and take Copies thereof, without eiftr£d, c

See or Reward.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Autlrori iforefahl. That this Act shall be taken and allowed in This Act lobe all Courts within this Kingdom as a pul dick &c. nd that all judges and Justices shall take Notice of it ta!lln 115 3 pub without special pleading; and all Sheriffs, Bailiffs, ind ot.lcr Officers and Ministers of Justice, concern lltk ed in the Execution of Process, are hereby required to have regard to this Act, as they will answer the contrary at their Peril.

VOL. IV

A a a

4 'ed, 4- 'i

yed.^ c.zs^ 3. 1 R. 3. C 8.

3 //. 7. C 11, f, 7.

5 i. r. a.

s

Breadth and j>ngth of broad cloth to be made in Yorkshire, after 24 June 1709. For Length and thread those Yorkshire Cloth, see 1 Geo. i.stat.2. C 15. §. 15. Punishment of Clothiers exposing Cloth, otherwise made to Sale.

For Manufacture of Cloth in the West Riding of Yorkshire, see L Geo. i.jp. 24. y Geo. 2. c. 25-ji gzq.z. c. 22.

Owners, &c. of Fulling Mills to fix a Seal of Lead, mentioning in Figures the Length and Breadth of each Cloth.

Fullers refusing or neglecting, and Persons defacing, &c. the said Seal, or Stretching th&cloth more than is de retted by this Act,

to forfeit the Sum of 20 s. One Half of the Forfeiture to the Informer, the other to the Poor.

Offender not paying the Forfeiture in 7 Days after Conviction, the Justice to issue his Warrant, to levy it by Distress, &c, and if no distress, the Offender to be committed to the House of cor rettion, CC

13. Anno septimo Ann Regina. A.D. 1708.

'. V ".. '

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the better ascertaining the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in the County of York.

WHEREAS iverse Abuses and Deceits have of late Years been used in the Manufacture of Wodl

en Clothes in the County of York, with respect to the Breadth, Length, and over stretching and

Straining of the same, which tends to the gteat debasing and undervaluing of the said Manufacture,

both at Home and in Foreign Parts where the said. Clothes are vended For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from arfd after the four and twentieth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, every Broad Cloth made in the said County of York, whether the same be called an End or Half Cloth, or a Long or Whole Cloth, being well scoured and fully mill'd, shall at the least, be five Quarters and an Half by the Standard Yard Wand in Breadth within the Lists, in the Water, being fully wet; and every such Cloth called an End or Half Cloth, shall not exceed in Length three and twenty Yards, " being fully wet; and every such Cloth called a Long or Whole Cloth, shall not exceed forty six Yards in Length, being fully wet; and that all Sorts of Yorkshire Clothes called whole thick kerfeys, and whole thick plains, shall not be made under seventeen Yards and an Half in Length, and not less than three Quarters and an Half in Breadth by the Standard Yard Wand, when fully wet. '

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Clothier or other Person shall, after the said four and twentieth Day of June in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, make, offer, or expose to Sale any of the aforesaid Clothes which shall be made after the said four and twentieth Day of June, and not made according to the said respective Breadths and Lengths, every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted by the Oath of any Overseer or Searcher of Cloth, appointed or to be appointed within the several and respective Parishes or Townfhibs in the said County of York, by any former Law now in Force, or by the Oath of one or more other credible Witnesses before any Justice of Peace within the said County, or of any Corporation within the same (provided such Justice be nota Merchant or Trader in the Woollen Manufacture) which Oath the said Justices fiespectively, are hereby empowered to administer, shall for every Inch the said respective Clothes shall be less than the said respective Breadths, and for every Yard the said Broad Clothes called a Long or Whole Cloth, shall exceed the said Length of six and forty Yards, and for every Yard the said Broad Cloth tailed' an End or Half Cloth shall exceed the said Length of three and twenty Yards, and for every Half Yard the said whole thick ker.feys or whole thick plains shall be less in Length than seventeen Yards and a Half, as aforesaid, forfeit respectively the Sum of twenty Shillings.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Owner or Occupier of every Fulling Mill in the said County of York, where any of the said respective Clothes shall be milled or fulled, shall fix or cause to be fixed at each End of every such Cloth, before it is carried from the Mill, a Seal of Lead, riveted and stamped with his Name, mentioning in Figures the exact Number Of Yards and Inches that the said Cloth contains in Length and Breadth, when wet, 'scoured, and milled, for which he shall be paid, by the owner of the said clqth, the Sum of one Penny, and no more.

IV. And be it further enacted, That if the Owner or Occupier of any such Mill shall ait any Time refuse or neglect to fix such Seal, as aforesaid, to any such Cloth, oris any Person? shall afterwards take off, deface, counterfeit, or alter the Figures of any such Seal, before the Cloth is exported or sold to the Retailer, or if any Person whatsoever shall, after the said four and twentieth Day of June, stretch or straiii any Piece of the said Woollen Clothes more than one Inch in every Quarter of a Yard in the Breadth, or any Piece of the said Broad Clothes more than one Yard in every twenty Yards in Length, or any Piece of the said whole thick kerfeys and whole thick plains more than Half a Yard in every seventeen Yards and an Half in Length, when the said respective Clothes are wet, scoured, and milled, as aforesaid; or if any Owner or Occupier of any such Fulling Mill, as aforesaid, shall, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June, mill or full, or cause to be milled or fulled in any one Stock at the same Time, any more than one whole Broad Cloth, or two half Broad Clothes; then, and in every such Case, every such Person that shall so neglect or offend, and be thereof convicted in Manner aforesaid, shall for every such neglect or Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings.

V. And be it further enacted, That all such Forfeitures as shall happen by reason of this Act, shall be the one Half thereof to the Informer, and the other Half to the Poor of the Township or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and that if any Offender shall, by the Space of seven Days next after he shall be convicted, refuse or neglect to pay any Forfeiture by him incurred by reason of this Act, then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful for the Justice or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made, and such Justice or Justices of the Peace are hereby required, to issue out one or more Warrants under his or their Hands and Seals, to the Constables of the Town or Place where such Offender doth inhabit or can be found, within the Limits of their respective Juiifdiftions, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, returning the overplus(if any be) to the Offender; and where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, or Gaol of the County or Corporation, to be kept to hardlabour for such Time as the Justice of the Peace before whom such Conviction shall be made, shall direct, not exceeding one Month for any one Offence,

VI. Proa.

D. 1708. Anno septimo Ann Reginas C 14. 363

VI. Provided always, and be it enacted, That the Penalties incurred by reason of this Act, be iuflifted Penalty whentc

within ten Days next after the Offences are comnjitted, or discovered. be inflicted.

VII. Provided always, That if it shall happen that any such Clothes, as aforesaid, without any wilful If any such Default of the Maker thereof, shall in some Parts (not exceeding in the whole one fifth Part of the clothes shall. Length) be less than the respective Breadths aforesaid, yet such Clothes may be sold without incurring

any of the Penalties by this Act imposed on the Maker or Seller thereof. erbe less than;

VIII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons find him or themselves aggrieved by any the Breadth'

Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon any Conviction before him or them aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the next General Quarter sessions of the without Peace to be held for the County or Place wh'.re such Conviction shall be made, giving Sufficient Notice peniity'°m of such Appeal; and if the Justices of the Peace at such Sessions shall think fit to confirm or difaniiul The fa«yag. the said Order or Warrant, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party aggrieved thereby as graved may ay they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in other Cases of Appeals Peal to the Scf' from the Orders of any Justices of the Peace to the Quarter sessions. majf

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit Avail hereafter be 3 ow 0 s' commenced or prosecuted against: any Person or Persons by this Act authorised to put the same in Execu The Defendant tion, all and every Person and Persons so sued may plead the General issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuit, or forbear further prosecution, or fuf oeneta u*fer Discontinuance, or a Verdict pass against him, or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover his and their Treble Costs, for which he and they shall have like Remedy as in and shall recover Cases wherein Costs by Law are given to Defendants; and this Act shall be taken and allowed as a Pub Treble Costs. lick Act in all Courts within this Kingdom; and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take No Publick Act' tice thereof as such, without special pleading of the same. Farther Prtmb

Jions concerning

Clothes, IO Ann', C r6. I Geo. I. ft. 2. C 15 41. 11 Geo. 1. c. 24. 7 Geo. 2. c. 25. lv Geo. %. C 28. and' 14 GW2*35*-

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the better Preservation of Parochial Libraries in that Part of Great Britain called

England.

WHEREAS in many Places In the South Parts of Great Britain called England and Wales, the

W Provision for the Clergy is so mean, that the necessary Expense of Books for the better Profecu

tion of their Studies cannot be defrayed by them and whereas of late Years, several charitable and well

disposed Persons have by charitable Contributions erected Libraries within several Parishes and Districts^,

in England and Wales; but some Provision is wanting to preserve the same, and such others as shall be ^herea^llbrar provided in the same Manner, from Embezilment; Be it therefore enacted by the queen's moil Ex Lube ereflei, cellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, it shall be prein this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in every parish or Place l=ryed for the where such a Library is or shall be erected, the same shall be preserved for such Use and Uses, as the same yics to wb, ch ic is and shall be given, and the Orders and Rules of the Founder or Founders of such Libraries shall be ob 15 s'ven' &c'

served and kept. before^bt'uf/'

II. And for the Encouragement of such Founders and Eenefaftors, and to the Intent they may be satis Library, hai' fied, that their pious and charitable Intent may not be frustrated; it also enacted by the Authority give Security aforesaid, That every Incumbent, Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate of a Parish, before he shall be per picferve it. mitted to use and enjoy such Library, shall enter into such Security by Bond or otherwise, for Preservation of such Library, and due' Observance of the Rules and Orders belonging to the same, as the proper Ordinaries within their respective Jurisdictions, in their Discretion shall think fit; and in case any Book if any Book or Books belonging to the said Library shall be taken away and detained, it shall and may be lawful for betaken away the said Incumbent, Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate for the time being, or any other Person or Persons, c th incum to bring an Action of Trover and Conversion, in the Name of the proper Ordinaries within their respective bent may bt[?b, Jurisdictions; Treble Damages Avail be given with full Costs of Suit, as if the same were his Treble or their proper Book or Books, which Damages shall be applied to the Use and Benefit of the said Library. Damages, to the

III. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Use of the Lithe proper Ordinary, or his Commissary or Official in his respective Jurisdiction, or the Archdeacon, or braj>

by his Directiorv his Official or Surrogate, if the said Archdeacon be not the Incumbent of the Place The Ordinary; where such Library is, in his or their respective Visitation, to inquire into the State and Condition of the may inquire said Libraries, and to amend and redress the Grievances and Defects of and concerning the same, as to, ?title State f him or them shall seem meet; and it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Ordinary, from time ti7bc to time, as often as shall be thought fit, to appoint such Person or Persons, as he shall think fit, to view uets the State and Condition of such. Libraries, and the said Ordinaries, Archdeacons or Officials respectively, and appoint Per -- flvall have free Access to the same at such Times as they shall respectively appoint. Tonnes to inspect

IV. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Library is appropriated the Library

to the Use of the Minister of any Parish or Place, every Rector, Vicar, Minister or Curate of the same, incumbent, C within six Months after his Institution, Induction or Admission, shall make or cause to be made a new to makes Cat catalogue of all Books remaining in, or belonging to such Library, and Aiall sign the said Catalogue, logue of the thereby acknowledging the Custody and Possession of the said Books; which said Catalogue lb signed, B "ok tob'de<

Aaa t

Avail

liver'd to the Ordinary,

3 6*1- C

5-

Anno septimo Ann, Regins.

A.D. 1708.

and regi fired without Fee.

Where Libraries are already erected, such Catalogue to be made, &c. before 29 Sept. 1709.

And where any shall be creiled, within 6 Months after.

Upon the Death or Removal of any Incumbent, the Churchwardens Ihairioelc up the Library.

The'vestry, &c. may meet in such Libraries, if they did so fornieily.

The Incumbent shall enter ihe Benefactions, and Books.

The Ordinary and Donor may make Orders concerning the Library; which shall be erttied as a lore laid.

Books not to be alienable without Consent of the Ordinary.

If any Book be lost a Justice of Peace may grant a Warrant to searchforit; and if found it shall be reftoied to the Library.

This Act shall not extend to a Library erected in Ryegate in Surrey.

Whitsuntide Term for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, to begin June 1. and end June 2.2. Lammas Term to begin July 7. and eno July 26. Except any of the said Days be Sunday,

shall be delivered tc the proper Ordinary within the Time aforesaid, to be kept or registered in his Court, without any Fee or Reward for the same.

V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where there are any parochial Libraries already creeled, the Incumbent, Ilcftor, Vicar, Minister, or Curate of such Parish or Place, shall make or cause to be made a Catalogue of all Books in the same, thereby acknowledging the Custody and Pofldiion thereof; which Catalogue so signed, shall be delivered to the proper Ordinary, on or before the nine and twentieth Day of Settcmber which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousanu seven hundred and nine; and where any Library shall at any Time hereafter he given and appropriated to the Use of any Parish or Place, where there shall be an Incumbent, Rector, Vicar, Minister, or Curate in possession, such Incumbent Rector, Vicar, Minister, or Curate, shall make or cause to be made a Catalogue of all the Books, and deliver the same, as aforesaid, within six Months after he shall receive such Library.

VI. And to prevent any Imbezilment of Books upon the Death or Removal of any Incumbent, Be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately after the Death or Removal of any Incumbent, Rector, Vicar, Minister, or Curate, the Library belonging to such Parish or Place shall be forthwith shut up, and locked, or otherwise secured by the Churchwarden or Churchwardens for the Time being, or by such Person or Persons as shall be authorised or appointed by the proper Ordinary, or Archdeacon respectively, so that the same shall not be opened again, till a new Incumbent, Rector, Vicar, Minister, or Curate shall be indufted or admitted into the Church of such Parish or Place.

VII. Provided always, That in case the Place where such Library is or shall be kept, shall be used for any public Occasion for Meeting of the Vestry, or otherwise, for the Dispatch of any Business of the said Parish, or for any other public Occasion, for which the said Place hath been ordinalily used, the Place shall nevertheless be made use of as formerly for such Purposes, and after such Business dispatched shall he again forthwith shut and loekt up, or otherwise secured, asis before directed.

VIII. And be it also further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better Preservation of the Books belonging to such Libraries, and that the Benefactions given towards the same may appear, a Book shall be kept within the said Library for the entering and registring of all such Benefactions, and such Books as shall be given towards the same, and therein the Minister, Rector, Vicar, or Curate of the said Parish or Place, shall enter or cause to be fairly entered such Benefaction, and an.account of all such Books as shall from time to time be given, and by whom given.

IX. And for the better governing the said Libraries, and preferring of the same, It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Ordinary, together with the Donor of such Benefaction, (if living) and after the Death of such Donor, for the proper Ordinary alone, to make such other Rules and Orders concerning the same, over and above, and be ftdes, but not contrary to such as the Donor of such benefaction shall in his Discretion judge fit and northeast ceftary; which said Orders and Rules so to be made, shall, from time to time, be entered in the said Book, or some other Book to be prepared for that Purpose, and kept in the said Library.

X. And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That none of the said Books shall in any Case be alienable, nor any Book or Books that shall hereafter be given by any benefactor or Benefactors shall be alienated, without the Consent of the proper Ordinary, and then only when there is a Duplicate of such Book or Books; and that in case any Book or Books be taken or otherwise lost out of the said Library, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Justice of Peace within the County, Riding, or Division, to grant his Warrant to search for the same, and in case the same he found, such Book or Books so foui d shall immediately, by Order of such justice, be reftoied to the said Library; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XI. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to a public Library lately erected in the Parish of Ryegate in the County of Surry, for the Use of the Freeholders, Vicar, and Inhabitants of the said Parish, and of the Gentlemen and Clergymen inhabiting in Parts thereto adjacent; the said Library being constituted in another Manner than the Libraries provided for by this Act.

CAP. XV.

An Act for altering Whitsuntide and Lammas Terms, for the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

1 XT T WHEREAS it is found to be most convenient for the Subjects of Scotland, that the Terms to be kept and observed there, for the sitting of the Court of Exchequer, should be at the same Time that the Court of the Lords of Session is held and kept there; and that therefore it is inconvenientthat whitsuntide Term for the said Court of Exchequer should begin before the Month of June, or that Lammas Term for the same Court should continue after the Month of July, ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That Whitsuntide Term for the said Court of Exchequer shall at all Times hereafter begin upon the first Day of June, and shall end upon the two and twentieth Day of the said Month of June, and that Lammas Term for the same Court shall also at all Times hereafter begin upon the seventh Day of July, and end upon the six and twentieth Day of the same Month, except any of the said Days, upon which the said Terms are appointed to begin and end, happen to be upon a Sunday, in which Case the Beginning or Ending of such Term, n which that happens, shall be upon the Day following.

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Ann: Reginae. C 16, 17.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all processes of the said Court of Exchequer which are returnable upon the first Day of Whitsuntide Term next ensuing, hall be returned into the said Court upon the first Day of June next ensuing, and all Persons obliged to appear or answer in the said Court upon the first Day of the said Term, hall be obliged to appear and answer there upon the said fird Day of June, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as such Returns, Appearances, or Answers ought to have been upon the five and twentieth Day of alay next, if such Alteration of the said Term, as is above, had not been made.'

CAP. XVI.

An Act to prevent the laying of Wagers relating to the Public.

WHEREAS everal Persons have of late Years laid Wagers, ai d executed several Policies for Payment of great Sums of Money, upon several Contingencies relating to the present War, and

other Matters relating to the Government; which Praftiee hath been found to be inconvenient to the

Public; for preventing whereof for the future, 'Ee it enacted, (sc.

"After the last of March 1709. all Wagers relating to the War, and all Policies of assurance for Payment "thereof, hall be void: And all Persons making such Wagers, all Brokers, C hall forfeit double the "Sum of such Wagers. One Moiety to the Queen, the other to the Prosecutor. This Act shall not ex, C tend to any assurance on any Ship, C nor to Bonds of Bottomry, lac.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for making more effectual an Act made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the better preventing of Mischiefs that may happen by Fire

itlhereas by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, held in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for the better preventing Mischiefs that happen by Fire, it was amongst other Things enacted, That each and every Parish within the Cities of London and Westminster, ' and weekly Bills of Mortality, hall from time to time, and at all Times, have and keep in good Order and Repair, in some known and public Place within each Parish, a large Engine, and also a Hand Engine, to throw up Water for the extinguishing of Fires, and also provide, keep, and maintain one Lea ' there Pipe and Socket of the same Size as the Plug or Fire Cock, to the Intent the Socket may be put into the Pipe to convey the Water clean, and without Loss, or Help of the Bucket, into the Engine; and for as much as several of the Parishes within the said City of London were, after the great Fire which happened in the Year one thousand six hundred sixty and six, united together, or to each other, and for

that some Doubt hath arisen, whether each of the said Parishes so united is not obliged to have and keep

two such Engines; Therefore for explaining the same, and avoiding of any Dispute or Question that may arise touching the Construction thereof, Be it declared and enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Parishes so united were intended to be, and hall (for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned) be esteemed and taken as one Parish only.

II. And whereas by the said Act a Reward of ten Shillings is to be paid to the Turn Cock belonging 1 to any Water Work, whose Water shall be found on, or first come into the Main or Pipe where the first Plug hall be opened at any Fire; thirty Shillings to the first Engine Keeper which brings in a Parish Engine to help to extinguish any Fire; twenty Shillings to the Keeper of the second Parish Engine that hall be next brought to a Fire; and to the third ten Shillings; by the Churchwardens of each Parish where such Fire hall happen; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all cases where the said Rewards are claimed, by Reason of any Fire happening within the said City of London, or the Liberties thereof, the Churchwardens of the Parish where such Fire hall happen, hall not pay the said Rewards, or any of them, without the Approbation and Direction of the Alderman of the Ward wherein such Parish is situate, or his Deputy, or two of the Common Councilmen of the same Ward for the Time being; and that the said several Rewards hall Likewise be paid and payable in like Proportion, and in the same Manner, to the Keeper of any other large Engine, (though not a Parish Engine) who hall bring in such large Engine to help to extinguish any fire, "in good Order, and complete.

III'Provided nevertheless, and it is further enabled, t hat in Case the Vestries of any of the said united Parishes, or of any other Parishes within the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall at any Time conceive it northeast celtary for the said Parish, in Respect of the Largeness thereof, to have more than one great Engine or Hand Engines, it shall and may be lawful for them to provide more great Engine or Engines, Hand Engine or Hand Engines, at the Charge of the Parish, by an assess.nent to be made, as by the said former and this present Act is prescribed and provided; and that the same hall be under the like Regulations and Encouragements as the Engine or Engines respectively to be provided by the said former Act were nd are to be.

IV. And to the End the said Act may be made more effectual for the Purposes the same was intended, It is further enacted, That there hall be left at the House, upon which there is a Notice of a Fire pjjg, a Key to open the Stop Cock, and also a Pipe for the Water to come thereout; to be made life of as Occasion hall require.

V Aiid

365

All processes returnable the first Day of whilfun tide Term next, hall he returned the first of June*'

EXP.

6 Anns, C 3r. 11 Geo. 1. c. 28.

The parishes in London united after the Fire, shall be taken as one Parish for the Purposes in the Act, 6 Anns, C 31*

The Rewards to the Turn Code and others, hc\v lo be paid.

theveflries may order more Engines than one to be kept in a parish.

A Key and Pipe to be left at the House where there is Notice iff a Fire Plug.

Anno septimo annie Reginas

aflcfs Rates for maintaining the Engines, C

to be levied as Poor Rates, but subject to the like Appeal.

A.D. 1708.

V. And whereas there is no Provision made for raising Moneys to defray the necessary Charges of providing and maintaining the said Engine or Engines, Stop Blocks and Fire Cocks, and Keys, and other Implements and Materials, and Payment of the Rewards or Gratuities directed by the said Act Be it thepaulh Offi further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and inhabi cets, ate. may ta nts, in a Vestry duly summoned, of the several Parishes within the Limits aforesaid, shall and may, and they are hereby required from time to time (as often as there shall be Occasion) to rate and assess such competent Sum and Sums of Money as shall be needful and requisite for the Ends aforesaid, in like Manner as by Law they may do for the Maintenance and Relief of the Poor of their respective Parishes; which Rates being allowed and confirmed in like Manner as the Rates made for the Poor are or ought to be, shall be collected and levied in the same Manner as the Rates made for the Relief of the Poor by Law now may or ought to be collected and levied, subject nevertheless to the like Appeal as in case of Rates made for the Relief of the Poor; and the said Officers shall be accountable for the same in like Manner as by Law they are for the Money by them levied and collected for the Relief of the Poor.

In case of Remo^VJ. An be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that where any Stop Blocks of Wood with of °! the like' ^U§S' or any Fire Cocks have been or shall hereafter be made and fixed upon any Mains and Pipes be stopblocks shall longing tc> ally Waterworks by virtue of this or the said former Act, the Owners of the said Water be fixed. Works shall afterwards remove, change, or alter the said Mains or Pipes"; then in every such Case the and the Kev re Owners of the said Mains or Pipes shall, at their own proper Charges, place and fix the same or the like moved to the Stop Blocks, Plugs, and Fire Cocks upon such new Main or Pipe so to be new laid, to be placed where House where the the Churchwardens for the Time' being of the Parish where the same were placed, shall drreft and ap site Pipe is. point and in such Case of Removal, the Key and Pipe shall be removed to the House upon which Notice shall be of such Fire Plug.

lhtaa6fe^

VII. And whereas by the said Act it was further enacted, That all and every House and Houses that t e Ann, < ]-, £ and built, either upon old or new Foundations, in any Place or Places in and about

the Cities of London and Westminster, or other Parishes or Places comprised within the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall have Party Walls between House and House wholly of Brick or Stone, and of two Bricks thick at the leaf! in the Cellar and Ground Stories, and thirteen Inches thick upwards from the Foundation quite through all the Stories of each House, and eighteen Inches above the Roof, and that no Mundillion or Cornish of Timber or Wood under the Eaves, should thereafter be made or suffered in any such new House or Houses; that all Front and Rear Walls of every House and Houses, shall be built of Brick or Stone, to be carried two Foot and an Half high above the Garret Floor, and coped with Stone or Brick Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Clause was not intended, or shall be construed to extend to any House or Houses hereafter to be erected and built upon any Part of London Bridge, but that the same may be erected and built with Wood and Timber, as hath been always hitherto used; said recited Clause, or any other Clause in the said Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

After May i,

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May 1709. ail Houses which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, all and every House and within the Bills Houses that shall be erected and built, either upon old or new Foundations, in any Place or Places in and cf Mortality, about the Cities of London and Westminster, or other Parishes or Places comprised within the weekly Bills do^bridee CV Mortality, (except Houses on London Bridge and on the River of Thames below Bridge) shall have Party that shall be Walls between House and House wholly of Brick or Stone (except Door Cases, Windows, Lentils,

.31. that Party Walls should be wholly of Brick or Stone, shall not extend to < Houses on Loa < don Bridge,

built on old or Breast Summers, Story Posts, and Plates) of two Bricks thick at the leaf! in the Cellar, and one Brick newfoundations, and an Half thick upwards to the Top of the Garret Floor, and all Gable Ends to be one Brick in Length, ftaii have Party and eighteen Inches above the Roof, and to have no Beams or Rafters lie or stand, or be in the Brick mx. wk f > "Ends,

except Door Cases,

IX. And whereas many Suits of Law have been brought about Differences in Party Walls, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Party Walls that shall hereafter be built, shall be built nine Inches on each man's Ground, whether the old Party Wall be Brick, Stone, or Timber, and that the first Builders shall have Power to pull down the same, and build up the new Party Wall, as aforesaid, and be paid by the Owner of the next House after the Rate of five Pounds, per Rod as soon as he shall have built the said Party Wall; and for all Houses hereafter to be built that will not yield the Rent of twenty Pounds per Annum more than the Ground Rent, to be left to the Discretion of the Builders; Provided that all Party Walls for the same be built with Brick.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. all Chimney Jambs and Backs that shall hereafter be erected or built, shall be nine Inches thick from the Cellars to the Roof, and all Withs the Insides of such Chimneys, shall be four Inches and an Half in Breadth, and all the Funnels plastered or pargetted the Inside from the Bottom to the Top, and that all Chimneys be turned or arched under the Hearths with Brick, (except upon a Ground Floor) and that no Timber shall lie nearer than five Inches to any Chimney, Funnel, or Fire Place; and all Mantles between the Jambs arched over with Brick, 'and no Wood or Wainscot' shall be placed or affixed to the Front of any Jamb or Mantle of any Chimney, rearer than five Inches from the Inside of such Jamb or Mantle; and that all Gable Ends called nine Inches thick in Party Walls, be rendered on the ruffeft Side; and that all Stoves and Boylers, cop yers, and Ovens that shall be hereafter setup with Brick or Stone, shall not be nearer than nine Inches at the least to the adjoining House, and no Timber to lie nearer than five inches to any Fire Place or Flew.

How the Party Walls shall be built.

For the pulling down of Party Walls, see 11 Geo. 1. c. 28.

I.

Mow Chimney Jambs, Backs, Us. shall bc b»ilt, 1

1

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Annje Reginae. C 18. 367

XI. And whereas the distilling of Turpentine, and the drawing of Oil of Turpentine and Rosin by Not above 10

distilling of common Turpentine, and the boiling of the said Oil and Turpentine together for making gau.ons ot Tl, r' ' of common Varnish, within the City of london, and the Liberties thereof, has often been, and may ^ajibe'bd'ied or hereafter prove of the most dangerous Consequence to the Neighbourhood where such Trade or Practice distilled acone

has been used, by the frequent Fires that have and may happen thereby: 'For preventing whereof for Timeinany the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of Workhouse con septe?nber one thousand seven hundred and nine, it hall not be lawful for any Person or Persons to distill'BV°VS C otxhcr or boil any Turpentine, nor draw any Oil of Turpentine and Rosin by distilling of common Turpentine, j^housesa'" 1* nor boil the said Oil and Turpentine together, above the Quantity of ten Gallons at any one Time, of ready built in all or any the said Commodities, within the said City of London, and Liberties thereof, and the City Southwark, cof Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and the Liberties thereof, in any Workhouse contiguous to

any other Building, but hall Hand distant from any other Building at least fifty Foot, except such Houses as are already built in Southwark, and are at present used for the said Trade, and except the Still and Furnace built by Daniel Tombes at his House at Holhourn Bridge for the Distillation of Oil of Turpentine; upon Pain, that every Person offending therein, hall, for every Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred upon Pain of far pounds, which Forfeitures shall and may be recovered, with Treble Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, ta

Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, with Treble Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law hall be granted or allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance; Costs; one Moiety whereof hall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Per one Moiety n son or Persons as hall inform and sue for the same. the Queen, the

olberto him who will sue, C

And whereas frequent and great Damage happens to Houses by Fire, as likewise constant De ' cay and Ruin, by setting brickwork upon Timber, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nine, no Brick or stonework in the Fronts, Party, or Partition Walls of any House, Tenement, or other Building whatsoever, which hall be erected upon any new or old Foundation within the Cities of London and Westminster, or their Liberties, hall be supported, depend, or any otherwise bear upon any Sort of Timber or Woodwork (excepting upon Piles and Planks where they air absolutely necessary for Foundations in marshy and unfound Ground, and excepting likewise all Houses upon London Bridge, and on the River of Thames below Bridge); upon Pain that every Person so offending hall, for every such Offence, suffer Imprisonment for three Months without Bail or Mainprize.

XIII. And whereas, since Frames of Wood have been in use for Doors and Windows, it has been

the common Practice of Workmen, to set them very near, and often quite ranging with the Outside

of the Wall, by which Means (being under no Shelter from the Weather) they soon rot and pe

occasioning great Cost and Expense in perpetual repairsfor Prevention of such Evil and un ikilful Practice for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nine, no Door Frame, or Window Frame of Wood to be used in any House or Building, which hall be erected upon old or new Foundations within the aforesaid Cities of London and Westminster, or their Liberties (except Houses on London Bridge, and on the River of Thames below Bridge hall be set nearer to the Outside Face of the Wall than four Inches.

CAP. XVIII.

After June 1709 no Brick or stonework in the Fronts, C

hall bear upon Timber, con the Penalty of 3 Months Imprisopraeat*

No Door Frame, cof Wood to be nearer the Outside of the Wall than Inches.

See 33 Geo. 2. r, 3° /3

An Act to preserve the Rights of Patrons to Advowsons.

C XT' OR AS MU CH as the Pleading in a §htare hnpedit is found very difficult, whereby many Patrons Refmsi ed.z.

X are either defeated of their Rights of Presentation, or put to great Charge and Trouble to recover

their Right, which is occasioned by the Law as it now it is For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by.^c Ed \ 'firn. the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 3. C 7. Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Ufur ijr.t. Jiat. 1. pation upon any Avoidance in any Church, Vicaridge, or other Ecclesiastical Promotion, hall displace C

the Estate or Interest of any Person intituled to the Advowson or Patronage thereof, or turn it to a Right, ^ufur "adon but he or he that would have had a Right, if no Usurpation had been, may present or maintain his or displace "he her pjuare Impedit upon the next, or any other Avoidance, if disturbed, notwithstanding such Usurpa Estate of the pa tion; and if Coparceners, or Joint Tenants, or Tenants in common be seized of any Estate of Inheri iron; but he tance in the Advowson of any Church or Vicaridge, or other Ecclesiastical Promotion, and a Partition is mar mjlnta'n 3 or shall be made between them to present by Turns, that thereupon every one hall be taken and adjudged coparceners to be seized of his or her separate Part of the Advowson to present in his or her Turn; as if there be two, C be seized if and they make such Partition, each hall be said to be seized, the one of the one Moiety to present in the an Advowson, first Turn, the other of the other Moiety to present in the second Turn 5 in like Manner, if there be and a parti three, four, or more, every one hall be said to be seized of his or her Part, and to present in his or her tl0J15 lai, s to

Turn prefanby Turns,

each shall be, seized of a separate Estate to present accordingly.

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo anne Reginaj.

After 10 May 2709, any per ion under the Age of 21, being Tiuitee, CC »ruy by the Directions of the Courts of Chant eery, or Exchequer, convey such Lands, C

and such Conveyance shall be good.

An Infant being Trustee, &c. may be compelled to make such Convejance, Sec

CAP. XIX.

An act to enable Infants who are seized or possessed of Estates in Fee, in Trust, or by Way of Mortgage, to make Conveyances of such Estates.

WHEREAS many Inconveniences do and may arise by Reason that Persons under the Age of one and twenty Years, having Estates in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, only in Trust for others, or by Way of Mortgage, cannot (though by the Direction of the Cefluy que Trust, or Mort gagor) convey any Cure Estate in any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, to any other Person or Persons:: 'Remedy thereof, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the tenth Uay of May one thousand seven hundred and nine, it shall and may be lawful to and for any such Person or Persons, under the Age of one and twenty Years, by the Direction of the High Court of Chancery or the Court of Exchequer, 'signified by an Order made upon hearing all Parties concerned, on the Petition of the Person or Persons for whom such Infant or Infants shall be seized or possessed in Trust, or of the Mortgagor or Mortgagors, or Guardian or Garaians' of such Infant or Infants, or Person or Persons intituled to the Moneys secured by or upon any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, whereof any Infant or Infants are or shall be seized or possessed by Way of Mortgage, or of the Person or Persons intituled to the Redemption thereof, to convey and allure any such Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in such Manner as the said Court of Chancery or the Court of Exchequer shall, by such Order so to be obtained, direct, to any other Person Or Persons; such Coveyance or Assurance so to be had and made as aforesaid, shall be as good and effectual in Law, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as if the said Infants or Infant were, at the Time of making such Conveyance or j\ffurance, of the full Age of one and twenty Years; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding;

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Infant or Infants, being only Trustee or Trustees, Mortgagee or Mortgagees as aforesaid, shall and may be compelled by such Order, so as aforesaid to be obtained, to make such Conveyance or Conveyances, Afluranee or Assurances as aforesaid, in like Manner as Trustees or Morgagees of full Age are compellable to convey 'or assign their Trust Estates, or Mortgages.',

CAP. XX.

An Act for the public registring of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Encumbrances which shall be made of, or that may effect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, within the County of Middlesex, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nine. r. 1 -

A Memorial of Conveyances, made after Sept. 29, 1709. and of all Wills, C that may affect any Honours, &c. within the coun»y of mid dltfex, may be re°iftred $ and every Conveyance made afer such Memorial registered, shall be void, &c. un lets such Memorial be registered before the regift ring of the Conveyance, under which, C

The like of a Devise by Will.

6 nne, C 35 abr.ca.eq.358, Registers aj> pointed.

great Frugality, have been enabled to purchase Lands, or to lend Moneys on Land Security) have been undone in their Purchases and Mortgages by prior and secret Conveyances, and fraudulent Incum brances; and not only themselves, but their whole Families thereby utterly ruined: 'For Remedy whereof, rnay it please your most Excellent Majesty (at the humble Request of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen and Freeholders of the County of Middlesex) that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That a Memorial of all Deeds and Conveyances, which from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, shall be made and executed, and of all Wills and Devises in Writing, made or to be made and published, where the Devisor or Testatrix shall die after the said twenty-ninth Day of September, of or concerning, and whereby any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments in the said County, may be any Way affected in Law or Equity, may be registered in such Manner as is herein after directed; and that every such Deed or Conveyance, that mall at any Time after the said twenty-ninth Day of September be made and executed shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against any subsequent Purchaser or Motrgagee for valuable Confederation, unless such Memorial thereof be registered as by this Act is directed, before the registring of the Memorial of the Deed, or Conveyance under which such subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee shall claim; and that every such Devise by Will shall be adjudged fraudulent and void against an r subsequent Purchaser or Mortgagee for valuable Consideration, unkfs a Memorial of such Will be registered at such Times and in such Manner as is herein after directed.

II. and for settling and establishing a certain Method, with proper Rules and Directions for registring such Memorials as aforesaid, be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That one public Office for registring such Memorials of and concerning any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, that are situate, lying, and being within the said County, shall be erected and established in Manner following; that is to say, That for the better and more effectual putting in Execution the several Matters and Things in this Act contained, the sworn Cleric to execute the Office of Inrolment in the 3 High

3^9

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Ann, Reginas c. 20.

High Court of Chancery, who is appointed to inrol for the County of Middlesex, the chief Clerk to inrol Pleas in the queen sbench, the Clerk of the Warrants in the Court of Common Picas, and the queen's Remembrancer, or his Deputy in the Court of Exchequer, shall be the Registers or Masters of the Office for the Matters and Things in this Act contained, and also shall and may, from Time to Time, nominate and appoint one or more able and sufficient Person or Persons, for whom they hall be accountable, to be their Deputy or Deputies; which Paid Registers or their Deputies shall well and truly do and perform all and every the Matters and Things intended by this Act to be done and performed, in some convenient Office or Place to be provided by the said Clerks or Registers in or near some of the Inns of Court or Chancery, where to all Persons may have free Resort at the Times appointed by this Act; and that the said Clerks or Registers hail present such Deputy or Deputies to the Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, to the Chief Justice of the queen's Bench, to the Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and to the Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer for the Time being, to be by them, or any three of them, approved of, before such Deputy or Deputies shall enter upon the Execution of the said Office; and that such Deputy or Deputies shall and may be displaced and removed by the said Lord High Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the Chief Justices of the Queen's Bench and Common Pleas, and Chief Baron, or any three of them, by any Writing under their Hands and Seals; and that the said Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal, the two Chief Justices, and Chief Baron, or any three of them, shall, from Time to Time, have full Power and Authority to make such Rules and Orders for the better Management and Government of the said Office, agreeable to the Form and true Intention of this alas they shall find convenient and necessary.

III. And be it further enacted, That every such Register or Master, before he enter upon the Execution of the said Office, shall be sworn before the Lord Chancellor, or Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Chief Justice of the queen's Bench, Chief Justice of the Common Pleas, and Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any one of them (who are hereby empower ed and required to administer such Oath) in these Words:

YOU shall swear, That you will truly and faithfully perform and execute the Office and Duty His Oath, that is directed and required by you to be done by at of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the publick regijlring of Deeds, Conveyances, and Wills, and other Encumbrances which shall be made of, or that may affect any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenejnents, or Hereditaments, within the County «/ " Middlesex, after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nine, and that you have not given or promised, directly or indirectly, nor authorised any Person to give or promise any Money, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, for procuring or obtaining the said Office for you

So help you God.

See 25 Geo. 2. c. 4 for appointing Master of the Kings Bench one of the Regijiers. Who may make a Deputy.

Office to be kept in or n ar the Inns of Court or Chancery.

Deputy to be ap proved of by the Lord Chancellor, C

and may be displaced in like > Manner.

Lord Chancellor may make Rules for the Management of the Office.

Register to be sworn.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Person so appointed Register or Master, shall be lawfully convicted of any Neglect, Misdemeanour, or fraudulent Practice in the Execution of the said Office, he shall be liable to pay Treble Damages, with full Costs of Suit, to every Person that shall be injured thereby, to be recovered as is herein after directed.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Memorials, so to be en tred and registered, shall be put into Writing in Velium or Parchment, and brought to the said Office, and in case of Deeds and Conveyances shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Grantors, or some or one of the Grantees, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, Guardians or Trustees by two Witnesses, one whereof to be one of the Witnesses to the Execution of such Deed or Conveyance; which Witness shall, upon his Oath before one of the said Registers, or Masters, or before a Master in Chancery ordinary or extraordinary, prove the Signing and Sealing of such Memorial, and the Execution of the Deed or Conveyance mentioned in such Memorial; and in case of Wills, the Memorial shall be under the Hand and Seal of some or one of the Devisees, his or their Heirs, Executors or Administrators, Guardians or Trustees, attested by two Witnesses, one whereof shall, upon his Oath before the said Registers or Masters, or before such Master in Chancery as aforesaid, prove the Signing and Sealing of such Memorial; which respective Oaths the said Registers or Masters, and Masters in Chancery, are hereby empowered to administer, and shall endorse a Certificate thereof on every such Memorial, and sign the same.

VI. And be it further enacted, That every Memorial of any Deed, Conveyance, or Will, shall contain the Day of the Month and the Year when such Deed, Conveyance, or Will bears Date, and the Names and Additions of all the Parties to such Deed or Conveyance, and of the Devisor or Testatrix of such Will, and of all the Witnesses to such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, and the Places of their Abode, and shall express or mention the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments contained in such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, and the Names of all the Parishes, Townships, Hamlets, Precincts, or Extra parochial Places within the said County where any such Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments are lying or being, that are given, granted, conveyed, devised, or any Way affected or charged by any such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, in such Manner as the same are expressed or mentioned in such Deed, Conveyance, or Will, or to the same Effect; and that every such Deed, Conveyance, and Will, or Probat of the same, of which such Memorial is so to be registered as aforesaid, shall be produced to the said Registers or Masters at the Time of entering such Memorial, who shall endorse a Certificate on every such Deed, Conveyance, and Will, or Probat thereof, and therein mention the certain Day, Hour, and Time on which such Manorial is so entered or registered, expressing also in what

Register mifde meaninghimself, how punished.

Memorials to be in Parchment, C

Memorials of Deeds, &c. how to be attested.

how Memorials of Wills.

Memorials to' contain the day anil Year of the Date, C

Every such Deed, &c. shall be produced to the Registers, &c. who shall endorse a Certificate,

37°

C 20.

Anno septimo anne Reginze.

A.D. 1708.

which shall be Book, Page, and Number the same is entered; and that the Paid Registers or Mailers hail sign the said denct*1 as evl" Certificate Mien so endorsed; Certificates hall be taken and allowed as Evidence of such respective The Page of the Registries in all Courts of Record whatsoever; and that every Page of such Register Books, and every Me reg fier Books, morial that hall be entered therein, hall be numbered, and the Day of the Month, and the Year and hour, andihe Memori or Time of the Day when every Memorial is registered, shall be entered in the Margents of the said Register als entered shall Books and in the Margents of the said Memorial; and that every such Register or Adafter shall keep an R t<f kce Alphabetical Calendar of all Parishes, Extra parochial Places and Townships within the said County, with

an Alphabet of Reference to the Number of every Memorial that concerns the Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements, or he aii Parishes, C reditaments in every such Parish, Extra parochial Place or Township respectively, and of the Names of the and dply file the Parties mentioned in such Memorials; and that such Register or Master shall duly file every such Memo memor ais mor rja] in Order of Time as the same shall be brought to the said Office, and enter or register the said Me

der of Time.

If there be more Writings than one which affect the same Hereditaments, C they need be named but once in the Memorial, and the Dates, &c. of the rest only to be set down.

Memorials of Wills to be registered in 6 Months after Testa for's Death, dying within greatbri

morials in the same Order (hat they hall refuectively come to his Hands.

VII. Provided always, and be it enacted, That where there are more Writings than one, for making and perfecting any Conveyance or Security, which do name, mention, or any Ways affect or concern the same Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, it shall be a sufficient Memorial and Register thereof, if all the said Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the pa rifles, Townships, Hamlets or Ertraparochial Places wherein the same lie, be only once named or mentioned in the Memorial or Register of any one of the Deeds or Writings made for the perfecting of such Conveyance or Security; and that the Dates of the rest of the said Deeds or Writings relating to the said Conveyance or Security, with the Names and Additions of the Parties, and Witnesses, and the Places of their Abodes, be only set down in the Memorials and Registers of the same, with a Reference to the Deed or Writing whereof the Memorial is so registered, that contains or expresses the Parcels mentioned in all the said Deeds, and Directions how to find the registring the same.

VIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That all Ademorials of Wills that shall be registered in Manner as aforesaid, within the space of six Months after the Death of every respective Devisor or testa trix, dying within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within the Space of three Years after the Death of every respective Devisor or Testatrix, dying upon the Sea, or in any Parts beyond the Seas, shall be as valid and effectual against subsequent Purchasers, as if the same had been registered immediately after the Death of such respective Devisor or Testatrix; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any

tam, m.d. jyears wjfe notwithstanding.

1 eyon ea.

IX. Provided always, That in case the Devisee, or Person or Persons interested in the Honours, Manors, " if the Devisee Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, devised by any such Will, as aforesaid, by Reason of the Concealment, in the or Suppression, or contesting such Will, or other inevitable Difficulty, without his, her, or their wilful Northeast months after the an Default, shall be disabled to exhibit a Memorial for the Registry thereof within the respective Disability re Times herein before limited, and that a Memorial shall be entered in the said Office of such Contest, or other

" " Impediment within the Space of two Years after the Death of such Devisor or Testatrix, who shall die within the Kingdom of Great Britain, or within the Space of four Years next after the Decease of such Person who shall die upon the Sea, or beyond the Seas; then, and in such Case, the Registry of the Adetnorial of such Will, within the Space of six Months next after his, her, or their Attainment of such Will, or a Probat thereof, or Removal of the Impediment whereby he, he, or they are disabled or hindered to exhibit such Memorial, hall be a sufficient Registry within the Meaning of this Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

X Provided nevertheless, That in case of any Concealment, or Suppression of any Will, ordevife, any Purchaser or Purchasers shall not be disturbed, or defeated in his or their Purchase, unless the Will be actually registered within five Years after the Death of the Devisor or Testatrix.

XI. And be it further enacted, That every such Register or Master shall be allowed for the Entry of every such Memorial, as is by this Act directed, the Sum of one Shilling, and no more, in case the same do not exceed two hundred Words; but if such Memorial shall exceed two hundred Words, then after the Rate and Proportion of sixpence an Hundred for all the Words contained in such Memorial, aver and above the first two hundred Words, and the like Fees for the like Number of Words contained in every Certificate or Copy given out of the said Office, and no more, and for every Search in the said Office, one Shilling and no more.

Resifter to give

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Register or Master hall due Attendance, g; ve due Attendance at his Office every Day in the Week (except.sundays and holy days) between the Hours ofnine and Twelve in the Forenoon, and the Hours oftwo and Five in the Afternoon, for the Dispatch of all Business belonging to the said Office; and that every such Register or Master, as often as required, shall make Searches concerning all Memorials that are registered, as aforesaid, and give certificates'

shall be sufficient.

Will concealed, &c. if not registered in 5 Years after the devisor's Death, shall not defeat a Purchase.

Fees of the Register.

and make Searches when required,

Register, C to enter into a Recognisance for the faithful Performance of hi 5 Office,

cates concerning the same under his Hand (if required by any Person) testified by two credible Witnesses.

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That each of the said Registers or Matters at the Time of his being sworn into the said Office, as aforesaid, shall enter into a Recognisance with two or more sufficient Sureties (to be approved of by the Lord Chancellor, or j^ord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench, Chief justice of the Common. Pleas, and Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, or any one of them) of the Penalty of two thousand Pounds unto her Majesty, her Heir and Successors, to be taken by one of the said Chief Justices, conditioned for his true and faithful Performance of his Duty in the Execution of his said Office, in all Things directed and required by this Act; the same to be transmitted by such Chief Justice within one Month next after the Date thereof, into the Office of her Majesty's Remembrancer of the Exchequer, there to reueain amongst the Records of the said Court.

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Annas Reginae. C 20. 371

XIV. And be it further enacted, That the Damages before mentioned, to be forfeited by any such Re Forfeiture for gi Her or Mailer, for any Neglect, Misdemeanour, or fraudulent Praflice in the Execution of his Office, 'j>'snegie£i, ho'v shall be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Rc 0 creco cre cord at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law shall be allowed, nor

any more than one Imparlance.

XV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forge or counterfeit Persons forging any Entry of the Acknowledgment of any such Memorial, Certificate or Endorsement, as is herein men Entry f any tioned or directed, and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable toet^epanifli to such Pains and Penalties as in and by an Act made in the fifth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, ments in the An An against Forgers of false Deeds and Writings, are imposed upon Persons for forging and publishing of Act of 5 Elie, false Deeds, Charters or Writings, l'ealed Court Rolls or Wills, whereby the Freehold or Inheritance ofc>4*

any Person or Persons of, in or to any Lands, Tenenements, or Hereditaments final 1 or may be molested, troubled or charged; and that if any Person or Persons shall at any Time forswear himself before the said Perjury before Registers or Mailers, or before any Judge, or Mailer in Chancery., in any of the Cases herein mentioned, a regiiunhow and be thereof lawfully convicted, such Person or Persons shall incur and be liable to the same Penalties to e fu^l<ne " as if the same Oath had been made in any of the Courts of Record at Westminster.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case of Mortgages, whereof Me upon Certificate morials shall be entered in the said Register Office pursuant to this Act, if at any Time afterwards a Cer j^there uter8 tificate shall be brought to the said Registers or Masters, signed by the Mortgagee or Mortgagees in such tat Money "due Mortgage, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns, and attested by two Witnesses, where on a Mortgage by it shall appear that all Moneys due upon such Mortgage have been paid or satisfied in Discharge there entered in the of, which Witnesses shall upon their Oaths before the said Registers or Masters, or before a Master in reb jry» has Chancery, ordinary or extraordinary (who are hereby respectively empowered to administer such Oath)

prove such Moneys to be satisfied or paid accordingly, and that they saw such Certificate signed by the fla maken laid Mortgagee or Mortgagees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators or Assigns; that then, and in Entry inrie every such Case, the said Registers or Masters shall make an Entry in the Margents of the said Register Margin, against Books against the Registry of the Memorial of such Mortgage, that such Mortgage was satisfied and the inrolment, discharged according to such Certificate, to which the same Entry shall refer, and shall after file such&c' Certificate, to remain upon Record in the said Register Office.

XVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That this Act shall not extend to any Copyhold This Act not to Estates, or to any Leases at a Rack Rent, or to any Lease not exceeding one and twenty Years, where extend to copy the actual Possession and Occupation goeth along with the Lease, or to any of the Chambers in Sergeants hold Estates C w, the Inns of Court, or Inns of Chancery; anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in

any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Judgement, Statute or Recognisance, (other than such as shall be entered into in the Name, and upon the proper Account of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors) which shall be obtained or entered into after the said twenty-ninth

Day of September in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, shall afreet or bind After 29 Sept, any Honours, Manors, Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, situate, lying, and being in the said County 1709- n0 Jud6* of Middlesex, but only from the Time that a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance shall t?c r

be entered at t'ne said Register Office, expressing and containing, in case of such Judgement, the Names enned to

of the Plaintiffs, and the Names, Additions, and Places of Abode, (if any such be in such Judgement) oft to in the Name the Defendants, the Sums thereby recovered, and the Time of the signing thereof; and in case of of the Queen, Statutes and Recognizances, expressing and containing the Date of such Statute or Recognisance, the &{0 shall bind Names, Additions, and Places of Abode of the Cognizors and Cognizees therein, and for what Sums, ^m^ex'but and before whom the lame were acknowledged; and that in order to the making an Entry of such Me amthe^ni.e1 morials of Judgments, Statutes and Recognizances, as aforesaid, the Party and Parties desiring the same a Memorial shall produce to, and leave with the said Registers or Masters, to be filed in the said public or Register thereof shall be Office, a Memorial of such Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance, signed by the proper Officer or his entered CI Deputy, who filial] sign such Judgement in the same Office, or by the proper Officer, in whose Office such Statute, 'or Recognisance shall be enrolled, together with an Affidavit sworn before one of the Judges at ivepiminfer, or a Master in Chancery, that such Memorial was duly signed by the Officer whose Name shall appear to be thereunto see; which Memorial such respective Officer is hereby required to give such Plaintiff or Plaintiff's, Cognizee or Cognizees, or his; her, or their Executors or Administrators, or Attorney, or any of them, he, she, or they paying for the same the Sum of one Shilling, and no more.

XLC. And be it further enacted, That the said Register or Master shall make an Entry, and likewise (if The Register to required) shall give a Certificate in Writing under his Hand, testified by two credible Witnesses, of every ^j'/j/rc^firedi such Memorial of any Judgement, Statute, or Recognisance brought to him to be so registered, as aforesaid, to give accerfifi and therein mention the certain Day on which fuc'i Memorial is so registered or entered, expressing also in care of such what Book, Page, and Number the same is entered., Memorial, &.

[Public Act.]

XX. And be it further enacted, That this al shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a Public Act, and all Judges, Justices, and other Persons therein concerned, are hereby required as such to take Notice thereof, without special pleading the same.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Member of Parliament shall be capable No Member of of being Register, or of executing by himself or any other Person or Persons, the said Office, or to have. Parliament ca take, or receive any Fee or other Profit whatsoever issuing out of the said Office, or for or in Respefl pj^1le r^r'r

'< thereof; nor shall any such Register, or his Deputy, or any Person or Persons receiving Profit out of the fl liegifter to said Office, be at anytime hereafter capable of being, or being chosen, a Member to fierve in Parliament, be a Member of

Parliament.

25 Geo. 2. 0, 4. See the 8 Geo. z, C 6, appointing Regijierfor the North Riding in Vvrkshire.

B b b a CAP."

372

C 2 I.

Anno septimo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1708.

5 Ann. C 8.

6 Anne. 6,

After 1 July 1709. High Treason and Misprision in England shall be foin Scotland, and no other.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms.

WHEREAS nothing can more conduce to the improving the Union of the Two Kingdoms, which by her Majesty's great Wisdom and Goodness hath been happily effected, than that the Laws of both Parts of Great Britain should agree, as near as may be, especially those Laws which relate to High Treason, and the proceedings thereupon, as to the Nature of the Crime, the Method of Profecu tion and Trial, and also the Forfeitures and Punishments of that Offence; which are of the greatest Concern both to the Crown, and the Subjects: To the end therefore that the said Union may he more effectually improved, be in it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, such Crimes and Offences which are High Treason or Misprision of High Treason within England, shall be construed, adjudged, and taken to be High Treason and Misprision of And the Queen, High Treason within Scotland; and that from thenceforth no Crimes or Offences hall be High Treason may grant or Misprision of High Treason within Scotland, but those that are High Treason or Misprision of High oym^ndtermi Treason in England, and that from and after the said first Day of July in the said Year of our Lord ner in Scotland one thousand seven hundred and nine, the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, may issue out com under the Seal of millions of Oyer and 'terminer in Scotland, under the Seal of Great Britain, to such Persons, as her Majesty, Great Britain her Heirs and Successors, shall think lit, and that Three of the Lords of the Justiciary be in the said corn million of Oyer and Terminer, whereof one to be of the Quorum, to inquire of, hear and determine such High Treasons and Misprision of High Treason, in such Manner as is used in England.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any Commission of Oyer and Terminer shall issue pursuant to this Act, and is to be executed within any District where there A justice Gene is a Justice General, or Person having Right of Justiciary, who had Jurisdiction in Cases of High trea r WJ° h: u1 Ju' son and Misprision of High Treason at the Time of the making of this Act, from and after the Time that this act1 to be ^uc'1 Sight be made appear before the Lords of Session, and by them certified to the Lord Chancellor of in the Commit Great Britain, such Justice General, or such Person having Right of Justiciary, or their respective Deputies and one of ty, shall be in the said Commission, and one of the Quorum.

the Quorum.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of July The justice one thousand seven hundred and nine, the Justice Court and other Courts having Power to judge in Cases Court. shall of High Treason and Misprision of High Treason in Scotland, shall have full Power and Authority, and

irv Treasons in 1

Scotland by a

jut

to hear and determine such Treasons, C

Indictments of Treason, C before Justices of Oyer, C may be removed by Certiorari into the Justice Court,

are hereby required, to inquire by the Oaths of Twelve or more good and lawful Men of the County, Shire or Stewartry where the respective Courts shall sit, of all High Treasons and Misprisions of Pligh Treason committed within the said Counties, Shires, or Stewartries, and thereupon to proceed, hear and determine the said Offences whereof any Person shall be indicted before them, in such Manner as the Court of Queen's Bench or Justices of Oyer and Terminer in England may do by the Laws of England: And if any Person be indicted of High Treason or Misprision of High Treason before any Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or in the Circuit Courts, or other Courts having Power to judge in Cases of High Treason or Misprision of High Treason in Scotland, then upon the Request of the queen's Advocate General to the Lord High Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper shall award her Majesty's Writ of Certiorari under the said Great Seal, directed to the Justices of Oyer and Terminer, or the Justices of the Circuit Courts, and such other Courts, thereby and ihere tried as commanding them, or any of them, to certify such Indictment into the Justice Court; which Court in England. shall have full Power and Authority, and is hereby required, to proceed upon, hear and determine the same, as the Court of queen's Bench in England may do upon Indictments removed or certified into the Fetfons attaint the said Court; and that from and after the said first Day of July in the said Year of our Lord one thou ed f Treason m fan(] seven hundred and nine, all Persons convicted or attainted of High Treason or Misprision of High liameto the same Treason in Scotland, shall be subject and liable to the same Corruption of Blood, Pains, Penalties, and Penalties as in Forfeitures, as Persons convicted or attainted of High Treason or Misprision of High Treason in England. England.

IV. Provided always, That where any Person now is, or shall be, before the said first Day of July,

a. personfeized seized of any Messuages, Lands, Seigniories, Rents, Tenements, or Hereditaments in Scotland, of an or an Estate Tail Estate Tail, that is to say, an Estate Tailzie, affected with Irritant and Resolutive, or Prohibitive Clauses. before" an iso or before the said first Day of July shall be married, if any Issue of that Marriage be living, or the said first of there be Possibility of such Issue at the Time of the High Treason committed, that then in such Caff the July, shall forfeit said Messuages, Lands, Seigniories, Rents, Tenements, and Hereditaments, shall not be forfeited upon his Lands upon' the attainder of such Person for High Treason, (but during the Life of the Person so attainted only) so such Attainder that the Issue and Heirs in T ail of such Marriage shall inherit the same, the said attainder notwithstanding. cnly. anrthis if V And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That ail Treasons and Misprisions of trea sue shall inherit, fons, which from and after the said sirs Day of July shall be done or committed by any Native of Scot treasons com land upon the High Sea, or in any Place out of this Realm of Great Britain, shall be inquired of, heard mitted by Scots and determined before the said Justice Court, or before such Commissioners of Oyer and Terminer, and in such men upon he Shire, Stewartry, or County of Great Britain, as shall be assigned by the queen's Commission, and by ofgrea^bfita'in') §00^, an 'awful men.of the same Shire, in like Manner to all Intents and Purposes as if such Treasons shall be deter or Misprisions of 1 reasons had been done or committed in the same Shire where they shall be inquired of, mined by the heard and determined, as aforesaid; that from and after the said first Day of July in the said Year

Justice Court,

of

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Anna; Regin.

C 22. 373

of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and nine, no Person accused of any capital offence, or other or before Coin crime in Scotland, shall suffer, or be subject or liable to any Torture: Provided that this Act shall not nop?kon'in&c" extend to take away that Judgement which is given in England against Persons indicted of Felony, who scotknd shall be shall refuse to plead, or decline Trial. liable to Torture.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person may be This Act not to summoned and returned to be a Juryman in any such Trials, as aforesaid, who shall at the Time of such wke away judge trial have and be seized of in his own Right, or in the Right of his Wife, of Lands or Tenements, of" 1 an Estate of Inheritance, or for his or her Life, or the Life of some other Person, within the County, ]gs, ref, use t Stewartry, or Plaee where any such Trial shall be, or from whence the Jury is to come, of the yearly Va Fieai. lue of forty Shillings Sterling at lead:; and for want thereof, or for any other lawful Cause, shall be fub Qualifications of jedt to be challenged and set aside, 'Juryman in

VII. And whereas the Crimes after mentioned are by several Acts of Parliament in Scotland declared Sco'land'

to be Treason, and the Committers thereof are appointed to be punished. with the same Pains and for No offences to faultures as Committers of Treason, and that after the first Day of July aforesaid, the aforesaid Act of s'ouani^but Parliament in Scotland will have no Force nor Effect, seeing no Fadis nor Offences are to be deemed whatare so by Treason within Scotland after that Time, but such as are so by the Acts and Statutes now in force in Eng the Laws in land therefore by the Authority aforesaid further enacted, That Theft, in landed Men, Murder England, under Trull, wilful fire raising, firing Coalheughs, and Assassination, which were declared to be Treason by particular Statutes in Scotland, shall after the aforesaid Time be only adjudged and deemed to be capital Offences, and the Committers thereof shall be only liable to such Pains and Punishments as by the Law of Scotland are to be inflicted upon the Committers of capital Crimes and Offences, and the Persons Committers thereof are to be punished and tried in the same Manner as by the Laws of Scotland is provided in the Cases of other capital Crimes; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall, from and after the lord^session, said first Day of July, stay any of the Lords of Session, Lords of justiciary, sitting in Judgement in the High Trea exercise of their Office within Scotland, that the doing thereof shall be construed, adjudged and taken to son.

be High Treason.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Counterfeitinz July, if any Person counterfeit her Majesty's Seals appointed by the twenty-fourth Article of the Union, the Great Seaii'u to be kept, used, and continued in Scotland, that the doing thereof shall be construed and adjudged to be

High Treason

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the Decease of After the de tke Person who pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King James, and since pre cease of the Pretends to be King of Great Britain, and at the End of the Term of three Years after the immediate Succef te.nder' and 3 fion to the Crown, upon the Demise of h r present Majesty, shall take effect, as the same is and Hands

limited by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen crown'" Mary, intituled, An Act for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subjedi, and settling the Succession of the Demise

Successfon to the by the of the

or Offenders, during his, her, or their natural Lives only; and that it shall and may be lawful to every no Attainder Person or Persons to whom the Right or Interest of any Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, after for Treason shall the Death of any such Offender or Offenders, should or might have appertained, if no such Attainder difinheric any had been, to enter into the same. Heir; but he

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Decease of the Per j^death of"

soil who pretended to be Prince of Wales during the Life of the late King James, and since pretends to such Offender, be King of Great Britain, and at the End of the Term of three Years after the immediate Succession to the Crown, upon the Demise of her present Majesty, shall take effect, as the same is and Hands limited by After the Timer an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late majesty's King William and Queen Mary, in, d*copy tituled. An Act for declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subjedi, and fettling the Succession of the Crown, and the indictment by one other Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, for Treason, tc. intituled, ai Act for the further Limitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the be delivered Subjedi, when any Person is indicted for High Treason, or Misprision of Treason, a List of the Witnesses Pmy ln' that shall be produced on the Trial, for proving the said Indictment, and of the Jury, mentioning the brfovthe tiw* Names, Profession, and Place of Abode of the said Witnesses and Jurors, be also given at the same Time, w. & M. seflt that the Copy of the Lndidtment is delivered to the Party indicted; and that Copies of all Indictments for 2. C 4. 12 V the Offences aforesaid, with such Lists, shall be delivered to the Party indicted, ten days before the Trial, 3; C in Presence of Two or more credible Witnesses; any Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding. Sce lige; z' r Geo. i.stat. CS.

and farther, 2i, Geo. 2. c. 19. and 22 Geo. 2. c. 48, for regulating trials for migb Treasan in Scotland

ANNE R.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the queen's most gracious, general, and free Pardon.

THE queen's moult Excellent Majesty calling to mind how many v/ays her loving and obedient Sub -- A jects have, from time to time, expressed their dutiful Affections towards her Majesty, and consider

ing

374 C 23, 24. Anno septimo Annt: Reginae. A.D. 1708.

£ ing that clivers of her said Subjects may by sundry Ways have fallen into the Danger of very many Penalties and Forfeitures, ordained by the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, from which they can in no wise be freed but by her Majesty's great Goodness and Clemency; and being graciously inclined to encourage

and invite all her loving Subjects to live and continue in their due Obedience to her Majesty, rather by Acts of Grace and Mercy, than by a severe Execution of Justice; and having; an especial Trustand Confidence in her said Subjects, that they will with more Cheerfulness and Affection apply themselves to the

Discharge of their respective Duties towards her Majesty, and her Government, when they shall be re leased and freed from the many Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures to which they are now liable, hath

thought fit to grant her general and free Pardon, in a large and more bountiful Manner than hath heretofore been done And therefore her Majesty is well pleased and contented that it be enacted by the Authority of this present Parliament; And be it enacted, fife.

CAP. XXIII.

all Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, although the month's

Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

EXP.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for continuing the former Acts for the Encouragement of the Coinage, and to encourage the bringing Foreign Coins and british or Foreign Plate to be coined, and for making Provision for the Mints in Scotland, and for the prosecuting Offences concerning the Coin in

England.

WHEREAS great Benefit and Advantage hath accrued to this Kingdom by one Act of Parliament passed in the eighteenth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for encouraging of Coinage, and continued by another Act made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles, intituled, An Act for continuing a former ael concerning Coinage, both which said Acts were revived by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of his Majesty King James the Second, and were continued by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, of blessed Memory, and were further continued by an Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Year of the Reign of thelate kingwllliam of glorious Memory, to be in force for seven Years, from the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and one, and from thence to the End of the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; so that unless the said Acts be revived and continued, the Encouragement given thereby will cease, and this Kingdom be deprived for the future of so great a Good as it hath for many Years last pad: enjoyednow we your continued from majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do give marchui73ooifbr and grant unto your Majesty the Rates, Duties, and Impositions herein after mentioned, for and during 7 yearsby4geo. the Term and Time herein after expressed; do humbly pray that it may be enacted; And be it enact z. C 12. The ed by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Rates, Duties, Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That rf Ci'rt?1' such anc te Rates, Duties, and Impositions, as by the said Act of Parliament of the eighteenth Year and continued as f the Reign f King Charles the Second were granted, and by the said subsequent Acts were continued, above, upon for and upon the Importation of Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy, and Strong Waters imported. Wines, Vinegar, during the respective Terms therein mentioned, shall be further continued, and be paid and payable to her further con majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, Vinegar, Cyder, Beer, Brandy, and strong Queen 'sc for Waters, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, within or during the Space of seven Years, ^year's, to com to commence from the first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, and until the End of mence i March the first Session of Parliament then next following, and no longer; and that the said Act of the eighteenth 1708, and till Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and also one other Act made in the five and twentieth h=b"d°fthe Year of the Reign of his said Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled An act for continuing a former Parliament°^concerning Coinage, and one other Act made in the fourth Year of her now majesty's Reign, in and the said Act tituled. An act to empower the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, to issue out of the Moneys of 18 and 25 arising by the Coinage Duty, any Sum not exceeding five hundred Pounds, over and above the Sum of three thou car. 2. C 8. and j anci pounds yearly, for the tjfes of the Mint -, and every Clause, Article and Sentence in the aid Acts, or any the Act Anna;, of them contained, shall be, and are by virtue of this Act, revived and continued, and shall be in Force, vived and conti ani he extended to all Wines, and such other; Liquors, as aforesaid, which shall be imported or brought nued for the into Great Britain, for and during all such Term and Time as are before mentioned.

Time before mentioned. Farther continued by 19 Geo. 2. c. 14.. z7 Geo. 2. c. 11. 1 Geo. 3. c. 16.

The Lord High '

II. And whereas the giving a further Encouragement at this Time to the Coinage of Silver Money, may Treasurer, &c. ' be an Advantage to the Public, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be mi&eiof the iawfui to and for the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the the Mint to issue Time being, or any three or more of them, by his or their Warrant or Warrants, to authorise and re out of the Over choir the Master and Worker of her Majesty's Mint or Mints for the Time being, out of the Office of plus Money ari Receipt of the said Mint or Mints, according to the Manner and Course of the same, to issue or dispose sing by the Com Gf ttie Overplus of the Money that hath arisen or shall arise by the Coinage Duty, any Sum or Sums not for the^'ayment exceeding six thousand Pounds, for and towards the Payment of any Sum or Sums not exceeding two ql 1 &. ob. pci Ounce, of Foreign Coin, Plate, see, brought into the Mint, after zo April 1709, till idee. 1709.

Pence,

js Car. z. C 5. continued by C z5 Car. z. C 8. < and both revived e by I Jac. z. C 7. C continued by 4 & SOUTHWEST M. C 24.

3. and further continued by 32 e & 13 W. C 11. C Continued by €9 Geo. 1. c. 19.

I. for 7 Years from 1 March '

A.D. 1708. Anno septimo Ann; Regina:

25- 375

Pence Halfpenny per Ounce for every Ounce of Foreign Coins, and Foreign or Eritifn Wrought Plate, of the Standard of eleven Ounces two penny wefght fine, or reduced thereunto, as shall be brought into the said Mint or Mints from and after the twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and nine, until the first: Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nine then next following, and no longer, there to be coined into the Current Coins of Great Britain; any Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the Sums not exceeding three thousand Pounds per Annum., and five hundred Pounds per Annum, mentioned in the said former Acts, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord Treasurer of Great Britain, and Under Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of the said Commissioners for the Time being, by Order or Warrants, to issue out of the Exchequer, or dispose of the Moneys arising by the said Coinage Duties, yearly and every Year, from ard after the Commencement, and during the Continuance of this Act, and no longer, such Sum as he or they shall think necessary and reasonable, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of twelve hundred Pounds for the Fees and Salaries of the Officers of the Mint or Mints in Scotland, and towards the providing, maintaining, and repairing the Houses, Offices, and Buildings, and other Necessaries for allaying, melting down, and coining in the Mints of Scotland \ anything in the said before recited Acts, or any other Law, Statute, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That (over and above the Sums not exceeding three thousand Pounds per Annum, and five hundred Pounds per Annum, mentioned in the said former Acts, for the Uses of the Mint) it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, and the Under Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, by Orders or Warrants, to issue out of the Exchequer, or dispose of the Moneys arising by the said Coinage Duty, yearly and every Year, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and nine, any Sum or Sums nof exceeding the yearly Sum of four hundred Pounds, for the Charges and Expenses of the Officers, and others employed and to be employed in the Prosecution of Offences in counterfeiting, diminifning, or otherwise concerning the current Coins of Great Britain, in that Part thereof called England; and any Officer or Officers employed, as aforesaid, may have and receive the said Sum not exceeding four hundred Pounds, or any Part thereof, without being liable to any Forfeiture, Disability, or Incapacity whatsoever; the said recited Acts, or any other Law, Statute or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. XXV.

An act for making perpetual an Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, as also an Act for giving like Remedy upon promisory Notes as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange j and also for continuing several Acts made in the fourth and fifth Years of her Majesty's Reign for preventing Frauds committed by Bankrupts.

WHEREAS the temporary Laws following, which by Experience have been found beneficial and useful, are expired, or near expiring j' Therefore for continuing the same, be it enacted by Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, which was to continue for one Year, was by a Clause in another Act made in the ninth Year of his said majesty's Reign, continued in Force unto the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and one; which Ail was further continued by an Act made in the first: Year of her present Majesty's Reign, till the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nine, and from thence to the End of the first: Session of Parliament then next ensuing, shall be, and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force, and is hereby made perpetual.

II. And whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Counterfeiting the current Coin of this Kingdom, it is ordained. That no Profecu. ' tion shall be made for any Offence against the said Act, unless such Prosecution be commenced with three Months after such Offence committed; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Prosecution of such Person or Persons as offend against the said Ail, by making or mending, or beginning or proceeding to make or mend any coining Tool or Instrument therein prohibited, or by marking of Money round the Edges with Letters or Grainings, may be commenced at any Time within six Months after such Offence committed; anything in the said Act to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the Session of Parliament held in the third and fourth Years of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for giving like Remedy, upon promisory Notes as is used upon Bills of Exchange, and for the better payment of Inland Bills of Exchange, which was to continue for the Space of three Years from the first: Day of May one thousand seven hundred and five, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, shall be, and is hereby continued, and shall be in Force, and is hereby made perpetual.

"The Statute Annae, C 17. and 5 Annas, C 22. concerning Bankrupts, continued from the 25th of "April 1709, for five Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

EXP.

CAP. XXVI.

Over and above the 30001. per Annum, and the 5001. per Annum, mentioned in the former Acts, the Lord Treasurer, C may issue out of the Exchequer any Sum not exceeding 12001, per Annum, for the Salaries of the Officers of the Mint,

After 1 June 1709, the Lord Treasurer, C may further issue, &c. 400l. per Annum, for the Charges of Officers, to be employed in profs cuting Offences in counterfeiting, C the Coin of Great Britain,

The Act SOUTHWEST. 5,

C 26.

Continued by9W. 3. C 2.

and further continued by i Ann flat. I. C 9. made perpetual

S Annae, C 26.

The Prosecution of Offences a against 2 W. 3. C 26, may be commenced in 6 Months after the Offence.

The Act 3 & 4 Anns, C 9. concerning promisory Notes and Bills of Exchange, mad perpetual.

C 2 6.

Anno septimo Annje Reginae.

A.D. 1708.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat and agree for such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments as shall be judged proper to be purchased for the better fortifying Portsmouth, Chatham, and Harwich.

WHEREAS for the better securing her Majesty's Docks, Ships of War, and Stores, 'tis highly necessary to enlarge "and strengthen the Fortifications at or near Portsmouth, Chatham, and Har wieh; and in Order thereunto, to purchase several Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, some of which are or may be the Estates of Infants, Femes Covert, Ecclesiastical Corporations, or other Persons who by Law are disabled to make any Contrails or Conveyances; in all which Cases, as likewise where any Proprietors designing to obstruct the public Service, or to make any unreasonable Gain to themselves, infill on extravagant Rates, 'twill be necessary to' have Recourse to the usual Methods that have been taken in suchlike Cases; ' Be it therefore enacted, C

The Queen to appoint Commifikmers to survey, C the Lands to be purchased. Any five of the Commissioner appointed to treat and agree with the Owners of the Lands, fsv. Persons refusing to treat, 44 or uncapable, the Commissioners may issue Warrants to the Sheriff to impanel and return a Jury, who shall inquire into the true Value, C Farther Provision for the Land Owners by 8 Annae, C 21. §. 1. 44 and their Verdiil shall be certified into the Chancery by the 23d of October 1709. The Commissioners not to be liable to the Penalties in the Ail of 25 Car. 2. C 2. nor 1 W. & M. Ses. 1. C 8. Nor 13 & 44 14 W. 5. C 6. The Commissioners not to be disqualified from sitting in the House of Commons. P R."

Anno Regni ANNA) Reginas octavo.

4 AT the Parliament summoned to be held at Westminster the eighth Day of July, Anno Dom. 1708. in 4 J. the seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, (sc. and by several Writs of Prorogation begun and held, on the sixteenth Day of November 1708, being the first Session of this present Parliament; and from thence continued by several Prorogations to the fifteenth Day of November one. 4*111 the Rer thousand seven hundred and nine, being the second Session of this present Parliament.

cerd is added, '.

and by several Adjournments continued till the fifth Day of April, in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign,

Cap. I.

An act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten. 4 s. in the Pound.

7 Ann, C S. 4 CXIII AND whereas in and by an at of Parliament mads and passed in the seventh Year of her §9- 4 r. majesty's Reign (amongst other Things therein contained) it is provided and enabled, That

4 it should and might be lawful to and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England sin case their general Court should so think fit) to contract and agree at any Time before the last Day of Decern her one thousand seven hundred and nine, with the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, to circulate 7 Anna;, C 7. £ (over and above the Bills undertaken to be circulated by another Act of the same Session therein mentioned) such further Bills not exceeding six hundred and twelve thousand seven hundred thirty-nine Pounds, as should be made 'forth at her Majesty's Exchequer for her Majesty's Supply: And whereas by Indenture bearing Date the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nine, made between the moult Honourable Sidney Earl of Godolphin, then and now Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, of the one Part, and the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, of the other Part, reciting, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England in a general Court by them held, did agree to circulate in Exchequer Bills, the Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, Part of the said Sum not exceeding six hundred and twelve thousand seven hundred thirty-nine. 4 Pounds, it was made known and declared, that in pursuance of the said recited Act of Parliament in that Behalf, they the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England had contrasted and agreed, and did by the said Indenture contract and agree with the said Sidney Earl of Godolphin, Lord High Tre surer of Great Britain, to circulate such further and other Bills, for any Sum not' exceeding the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, as should be made forth at her Majesty's Exchequer for h, er Majesty's Supply, as aforesaid:: 'to the Intent that the said Bills which have been made or issued, or shall be made and issued, as aforesaid, not exceeding the said Sum of four hundred thousand Pounds, may have and bear the like Credit, Interest, Allowances, Currency, Privileges, and Advantages in all re spedts, as the Bills formerly issued in pursuance of the said other at of Parliament herein before mentioned, whereby the general Fund for circulating and discharging Exchequer Bills was settled and ella blished; Be it enacted, C

377

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Ann Reginae. C 2- — 4.

"The Exchequer Bills for 400, 000l. and the quarterly Bills to be issued, shall bear 2 d. percent, per "Diem Interest, and 3 I. per Centum per Annum, &c. Powers of the former Act to be in Force. Deficiency to be made goodbye Parliament. Moneys called in, to be added to the Capital Stock. All Privileges, &c. to extend to the Capital Stock, so enlarged. EXP. See 8 Ann. C 13./ 28. and9 Ann. C 7.

CAP. II.

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, and Starch, and Low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wall drawn from malted Corn.

WHEREAS the Price of Corn at this Time within the Kingdom of Great Britain is become very great, and (in some Parts thereof) exceilive, which tends to the Impoverishment of many of her Majesty's good Subjects, especially of poor Manufacturers, and others of a meaner Condition, and by Reason that Corn in several other Parts of Europe is scarcer and dearer than in Great Britain, it is likely that several Persons, for their private Advantage or Lucre, will not: only export or carry great Quantities of Corn from this Kingdom, but likewise distill excessive Quantities of Low Wines and Spi ' rits frorn Malt, Corn, or Grain, in order to export the same to Foreign Parts, whereby the Price of Com ' will be further inhanfed, to the Detriment of her Majesty's good Subjects, and the Destruction of many of them, if a timely Remedy in this Behalf be not provided Be it therefore enacted, &c.

"No Corn, Low Wines, fisc. to be exported before 29 Sept. 1710. Master and Mariners offending to be "imprisoned for three Months. Officers of the Customs may seize all such Corn, &c. proviso.for Corn,

"(Ac. to be exported for ship's Use: for the Factories in Africa, or Colonies in America: Or for the "British Fishery in those Parts. Exporter to declare the Colony, &c. for which the Corn, &c. is bound,

"and give Security. Malt or Barley may be transported front Southampton for Jerfy or Guernsey, not "exceeding 5000 Quarters. Corn, &c. may be carried Coastwise, &c. Her Majesty by Proclamation "may permit the Exportation of Corn, &c. before 29 Sept. 1710. Commissioners of Customs to give Ac "to next Session of Parliament of all Corn, &c. exported.

EXP.

CAP. III.

An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of EXPi the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten. See 8 Attn. C 13./. 28.

CAP. IV.

An Act for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and granting new Duties upon Houses having twenty Windows or more, to raise the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten.

MA Y'it please your most Excellent Majesty; We your majesty's moult dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous, by the most easy and effectual Ways and Means, to raise such Supplies as are necessary for the Prosecution of the present War, and for enabling your Majesty, at the End thereof, to establish a good and Gaoling Peace, have for that End and Purpose given and granted, and do by this present Act give and grant unto your Majesty, the several and respective Rates, Duties, Impositions and Sums of Money, as well for and upon such Coals, Culm, and Cynders, as for and upon such Houses as are herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted: be it enacted by the queen's most.

Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for and during For 34 Years, the Term of thirty-two Years, commencing from the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our from 29 Sept. Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid ad'

unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coals, Culm, and cyn ders, hereinafter expressed, (except Charcoals made of Wood) the several and respective additional or pajd for a3: ] coak, new Impositions, Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned, (over and above all such viz. (made Duties as are already granted or payable for or in respect of the same, or any of them, by any Law or perpetual by 5 Statute now in Force) that is to say, For all Coals which at any Time or Times, within or during the Q'

Paid Term, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any Part beyond Sea, juried into Great (in case they are such Coals as are most usually sold by Weight) the Sum of three Shillings of lawful Britain.

Money of Great Britain for every Tun, reckoning the Tun to consist of twenty hundred Weight and 3sj ferton.

every hundred to consist of one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of aver dupoize, and after

that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and for all Coals so imported from any Part beyond

Sea, being most usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Measure whatsoever reducible to the

Chalder, the Sum of four Shillings and sixpence of like Money for every Chalder, reckoning the Chal an(j s gg. per

der to consist of six and thirty Bushels Winchester Measure, and after that Rate fora greater or lesser Chalder.

Quantity of such Coals so imported or brought in from any Foreign Parts; the Paid Duties for Foreign

Coals imported or brought in, as aforesaid, to be paid by the respective Importer or Importers thereof;

and for all Sorts of Coals, from time to time, hipped or waterborn in order to be hipped or bid on board For Coals water

any Ship or Vessel to be carried by Sea, and which hall be carried by Sea in any Ship or Vessel from born, 3s. yes

any Port or Place within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any Time or Times, within Chalder.

and as. per Tun.

For Culm water born 7 d, two Tenths per Chaider.

For Cynders waterborn, 3 s. per Chaider.

Under whose Management these Duties shall be.

How these duties shall be raised, C

Anns, c. 6.

C'ittcemfisg Duty on Coahj see farther 9 Ann. C 6 & 22. 12 Ann. St. 2. C 9. 5 Geo. 1. c. 9. 6 Geo. T.

C 4. 22 Geo. 2. r.7, sogca. 2. C 19./. 28

C 4. Anno octavo Ann, Reginae. A.D. 1709.

or during the said Term, shall be imported, brought, or landed in any other Port or Place within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, being most usually sold by the Chaider, or by any other Measure whatsoever reducible to the Chaider, the Sum of three Shillings of like Money for every Chaider, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, and after that Rate for a greater or ielter Quantity; and for all Sorts of Coals from time to time so shipped or waterborn in order to be hipped and carried by Sea from any Port or Place of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any Time or Times, during the said Term, hall be imported, brought, or landed in any other Port or Place of the same incase they are such as are mod: usually sold by weight) the Sum of two Shillings for every Tuny and according to that Proportion for more or less, the said several Duties for Coals so hipped or waterborn to be hipped and carried by Sea, as aforesaid, from time to time to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation or Landing of such Coals, and to be charged upon the respective Owner and Owners, Mailer or other Person having the Charge. of every such Ship or vessel, or of the Coals so carried, imported, or brought in the same; and for all Culm whatsoever, which at any Time, during the said Term of thirty-two Years, hall be waterborn in order to be hipped within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, or brought into the same, the Sum of seven Pence and two Tenths of a Penny for every Chaider, and after that Rate, to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation or Landing of such Culm, and to be charged on the respective Owner and Owners, or Master or Masters, or other Person having the charge of the Ship or Veiled, or of the Culm so carried, imported, or brought in the same; and for all Cvnders made of Pit Coal, which at any Time or Times, during the said Term of thirty-two Years, hall be hipped or waterborn in order to be hipped within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, or brought into the same, the Sum of three Shillings of like Money for every Chaider, reckoning the Chaider to consist of thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure, and after that Rate for a greater or leiler Quantity, to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation or Landing of such Cynders, and to be charged upon the respective Owner and Owners, Mailer and Masters, or other Persons having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which the said Cynders hall be carried, imported, or brought.

II. And for the better levying and raising the said several Duties, and Sums of Money, by this Act imposed upon such Coals, Culm, and Cynders, as aforesaid; 'It is hereby enacted, That such of the said Duties, and Sums of Money, as hall arise, or be due or payable in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, for or upon such Coals, Culm, and Cynders, as aforesaid, shall from time to time, be under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time being, who shall cause those Duties, from time to time, to be raised, levied, colledied, and paid to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Customs in England for the Time being; and that such Receiver or Receivers General in England for the Time being, hall pay all the Moneys arising thereby the necessary Charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accounting for the same, excepted) into her Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, distindi and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after, that is not an Holiday, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein after mentioned; and that such of the said Duties, and Sums of Money, by this Act imposed upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, as aforesaid, as hall arise, or be due or payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, hall, from time to time, be under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the time being, who shall cause those Duties, from time to time, to be raised, levied, collected, and paid to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and that such Receiver or Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, shall transmit and pay, or cause to be paid, all. the Moneys arising thereby (the necessary Charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, ad accounting for the same, excepted) into her Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer in England, distindi and apart, as aforesaid, from time to time, as such Receiver or Receivers General in Scotland shall have received any such Moneys, as aforesaid, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein after mentioned.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act imposed within and throughout the said Kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon all such Coals, Culm, and Cynders, as aforesaid, mail during all the Time and Term by this Act granted therein, be raised, levied, collected, and paid into her Majesty's Exchequer (for the Purposes in this Act expressed) in such or the like Manner and Form, and subject to such Allowances and Repayments, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and according to such Rules, Methods, and Directions, as are prescribed or appointed by any Law or Statute now in force, for and concerning the Duties upon the like Coals, Culm, and Cynders, which have Continuance until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, by virtue of the Act of Parliament made in the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and additional Duties of Excise; and for settling and establishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and six, and other Uses therein mentioned; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things now in Force, contained in the Act last mentioned, or in any other Acts or Statutes thereby referred unto, for the governing, managing, raising, levying, securing, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the said Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, which were granted or continued until the said thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, as aforesaid, shall be and are, by force and virtue of this present Act, revived, and shall he in full force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, in

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo anne Reginae. C 4. 379

and for the governing, managing, raising, levying, securing, collecting, receiving, paying, and accounting for the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, by this Act granted, for and during the Term hereby granted of and in the same, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Thiiigswere again expressed, and particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

£< Twenty Windows to pay ios. additional Duty; 30 Windows 20 s. Made perpetual by 3 Geo. r. C 8. SOUTHWEST. c. 1r. "§. 17. & 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. §. 1. Repealed 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. To be paid half yearly, viz. on 25 March southwest 3 C 20* "and 29 Sept, and to be charged on the Inhabitants. Justices of Peace to be Commissioners for the Du J at'l"

"ties on Houses. Her Majesty may appoint Surveyors, and Receivers General. How these Duties hall 5 Anns, C 13. "be raised, C Houses in Warwick having 70 Windows, chargeable, isfe. Edifices in the Universities, 7 Anns, 'C 7.

"having 20 Windows, severally in the Tenure of any Person, chargeable. See 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. f. 61.

"21 Geo. 2. c. 10. 26 Geo. 2. c. 17.

XI. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said several Duties Appropriation of by this Act granted, as well for and upon such Coals, Culm, and Cynders, as upon such Houses, as ttle several Do aforesaid, shall be liable to, and be charged and chargeable with the yearly Fund herein after mention tles'

ed, and all the Annuities to be payable out of the same, in pursuance of this Act, during the whole Term of thirty-two Years herein after expressed, and all the same Duties (except the necessary Charges before mentioned) are and shall be appropriated thereunto, in such Manner, that all the Moneys which hall, from time to time, be or remain due or in Arrear, for or upon the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Arrears thereof (if any such be) shall, from time to time, in the first place be paid and satisfied out of the said several and respective Duties by this Act granted, or some of them, with Preference to any other Payments that shall or may hereafter be charged upon the same Duties, or any of them, and under seetann. c. 13. such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf. I zs

XII. And to the end all the Moneys arising by the said Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and by The Officers for the said Duties upon Houses by this Act granted, may be duly and certainly raised and brought into managing the the said Receipt of Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid It is hereby further enacted by the Authority liable to aforesaid, That from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be appointed such ce^10

and so many Justices of the Peace, Commissioners of the Customs, Receivers General, Collectors, Sur'3'

veyors, and other Officers, as shall be proper and necessary for managing, governing, levying, collecting, receiving, and paying the respective Duties by this Act granted, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that the said Receivers General, Collectors, Surveyors, and other Officers, who are or shall be concerned in the raising, collecting, receiving, and paying the said respective Duties hereby granted, or any of them, and keeping and rendering the several Accounts thereof, shall perform their several Duties therein, as to them rel peftively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the said Moneys, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by Virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act 9w. C. 44. for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, tipon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or Neglect relating to the Duties on Salt, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys, which were granted, or appropriated by the Act last mentioned.

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year during the said Term 135000]. to be of thirty-two Years, reckoning the first Year to begin from the nine and twentieth Day of September one the yearly Fuad thousand seven hundred and ten, the full Sum of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and by the said Duties on Houses by this Act granted, or any of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the same shall extend thereunto, hall be the whole and entire yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, of or for the said Duties, hall not amount to one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same will extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund, for and towards the answeringor paying of the Annuities herein after mentioned; and in defi iency to case the said Duties by this Act granted, hall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in by the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising "' into the Exchequer, for or upon Account of the same Duties, shall not amount to fer much as one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, or to so much as shall be sufficient to discharge and satisfy all the Annuities by this Act appointed, or intended to be paid, within or for the same Year respectively, That then and so often, and in every such Case, so much as shall be wanting to make up the said Fund for every or any such Year, shall be supplied and made good, from time to time, out of the first Aid to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall appear, and shall from time to time be transferred thereunto, as soon as the same shall be granted.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Natives or So person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards ad reigners may be vancing the Sum of one million five hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the said War, by paying, come adventu at or before the first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, to any Receiver or Receivers turers>

to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds, upon this Act; and that for the raising the said Sum of one million five hundred \ C C C 2 thousand

o C 5, 6.

Anno octavo Ann; e Reginae.

A.D. 1709.

thousand Pounds, any Person, who will become an Adventurer, shall and may advance the Sum of ten Pounds, for which Sum so advanced, he she, or they, for thirty-two Years, shall be intituled to receive a Share or Dividend of the said yearly Fund, as hereafter is expressed; and that every Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of ten Pounds, as he, she, or they, hall think fit, and for every such Sum of ten Pounds so advanced, he, she, or they, is or are to be interested in one Lot or Share of and in the said yearly Fund.

"Her Majesty to appoint Managers for the Lottery. Books to be provided with 3 Columns, C Receivers "to be appointed by the Lord Treasurer, Lfc. Managers to examine the Books, and deliver them to "the Receivers, &c. Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to re deliver the Books, &c. by 12 "Sept. 1710. Middle Column 'Pickets to be rolled up, and put in a Box, marked A. Innermost to re "in the Books. There shall be printed one hundred and fifty thousand Tickets, and three thousand "hundred and fifty Tickets shall be Fortunate; that is to say. One of them one thousand Pounds "yearly; Three of them, severally, five hundred Pounds; Four of them, four hundred Pounds; Four "of them, three hundred Pounds; Four of them, two hundred Pounds, and twenty of them one hundreds, "and thirty of them fifty Pounds, one hundred of them twenty pounds yearly, six hundred and one of "them ten Pounds, and two thousand nine hundred eighty-three of them, severally, five Pounds, yearly; "Fifty Pounds yearly to the first drawn Ticket, and fifty Pounds yearly to the last drawn Ticket. If "i, 5°°, 000 1. be not paid in, then the Fund to be proportionable to the Sum advanced. Blanks to have "14s. per Annum for 32 Years. The Manner of drawing the Tickets. Managers to adjudge to whom "the fortunate Tickets belong. Forging Tickets Felony. Fortunate to be paid their Advantages half "yearly. Unfortunate to be paid yearly, at the Feast of St Michael. Eight Pounds percent, allowed "for prompt Payment. A Transfer Office to be kept in London. Money lent tax free. Half yearly CC and yearly Payments to be made in Course. Benefit Tickets to be paid in Arithmetical Progression "the Tickets for 14s. per Annum. Overplus disposable by Parliament. [Part of these Annuities "were subscribed inte South Sea Stock pursuant to 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. & 6 Geo. 1. c. 4.

Coals, C car '

XXXIX. And whereas a Doubt may arise whether Coals, Culm, or Cynders carried from the Bridge ricd fromster of Sterling, which is on the Firth of Forth, to the Town of Dunbar, are liable to the Duties by this ling to Dunbar, ' Act imposed, as if they were carried to Sea It is hereby provided, enacted, and declared, That such not taxable. Coal, Culm, and Cynders, so carried from the Bridge of Sterling to the Town of Dunbar, or to any Part betwixt them, shall not, by reason of such Carriage, be liable to the Duties by this act imposed; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. V.

An Act to continue the Act for recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten.

EXP.

10 W.

3. C 2.

After March a 5, 1770. None shall make, sell, any Buttons or Button Holes made or bound with Serge, C en Forfeiture of 5l. for every Dozen, C

CAP. VI.

An act for employing the Manufacturers by encouraging the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn.

WHEREAS the Maintenance and Subsistence of many thousands of Men, Women, and Children, within this Kingdom of Great Britain, depends upon the making of Silk, Mohair, Gimp, and Thread Buttons and Button Holes with the Needle, and great Numbers of Throwfters, Twifters,

Spinners, Winders, Dyers, and others, are employed in preparing the Materials of which such Buttons and Button Holes are made; and whereas the Silk and Mohair wherewith the said Buttons and Button

Holes are made, is purchased in Turkey and other Foreign Parts, in Exchange for the Woollen Manufacture of Great Britain, to the great Consumption thereof; and for the Encouragement of such numerous Manu

and Manufactures, an Act was made in the tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the third, of glorious Memory, intituled An act to prevent the making or selling Buttons, j made L of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs or Materials, under the Forfeitures therein mentioned; but that the intended Encouragement by the said Act, has, in a great Measure, been rendered ineffectual, by a late and unforseen Practice of making and binding of Button Holes with Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs, to the great Discouragement of and Abatement in the Consumption of Raw Silk and Mohair Yarn, and the utter Ruin or numerous Families, who used to manufacture the said Materials, if not speedily prevented For Remedy whereof, and making the said recited Act of Parliament more effectual, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, no Taylor or other Person or perfor.s whatsoever within the Kingdom of Great Britain shall make, fell, seton, use or bind, or cause to be made, sold, seton, used or bound on any Clothes, or Wearing Garments whatsoever, any Butttons or Button Holes made of, or used or bound with Serge, Drugget, Frize, Camlet, or any other Stuffs of which Clothes and Wearing Garments are usually made, upon forfeiture of the Sum of five Pounds for every Dozen of such Buttons or Button Holes so made, sold, seton, used or bo und, or 'caused to be made, sold, seton, used or bound, as aforesaid, and in like Proportion for

any

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo anne Regins. C 7. 381

any lesser Quantity; one Moiety thereof to be to the use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and One Moiety to the other Moiety thereof to him, her, or them that shall] sue for the same by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, llie in the or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of whow mfut&c Law, or more than one Imparlance hall be allowed: Or upon Complaint to any two Justices of the Twojustices may Peace of the County, Riding, Division, City, or Town Corporate, where the Matter in Controversy ari by Warrant levy fcth, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses on Oath concerning the same, and le Penalty, wythe Penalty in this Act mentioned, and return the Overplus, if any be, to the Owner or Owners thereof; but in case any Person shall think himself aggrieved by any Judgement or Order of the said Justices, But Persons ag it shall and may be lawful for such Person to appeal against the Judgement and Order of the said two Juf grieved may ap tices to the Justices of the Peace in the General Quarter sessions of the Peace, which shall be held for the to the Sef" same County, Riding, Division, City, or Town Corporate, next after Notice of such Order of the said ftons' two Justices; and the Justices of the Peace in the said General Quarter sessions are hereby empowered to who are impow summon and examine Witnesses on Oath, and to hear and finally determine the Matter of the said Ap ered to finally peal; and case the same Justices in the said General Quarter sessions shall give Judgement against such Ap determine the pellant, then the same Justices shall award and order to the Party, on whose behalf the same Appeal is e|]int

determined, such reasonable Costs and Charges to be paid by such Appellant, in regard of such Appeal, as to ofts^if to the same Justices shall seem meet. And this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this determined Kingdom as a Public Act; and all Judges, Justices, and all other Persons therein concerned, are hereby against him. required as such to take Notice hereof, without special pleading the same. [This Act is altered and far This ro be taken there enforced by Geo. 1. c. 7. And by 7 Geo. 1. flat. 1. C 12. §. 1. the Penalty of forty Shillings per asapul, llcl: Dozen is laid on the Wearer.]

CAP. VII.

An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise nine hundred thousand Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and in Default thereof, by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten.

MOST gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of For the Applica Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being deftrous, by the moult easy and effectual Ways and tion of the Du means to raise the necessary Supplies for prosecuting the present War, in which your Majesty is enga t "s by ged, and for enabling your Majesty, at the End thereof, to establish a good and lasting Peace, have for that g 7

End and Purpose given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty, the several 2s.

Rates, Duties, Impositions, and Sums of Money, as well for and upon such exciseable Liquors, as for and

upon such Pepper, Raisins, Spices, and Snuff, as are herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech For former Pro

your Majesty that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and

II. Cur. z. c. 23 S' 24. 15 Car. z. C 11. 16 & 17 Car. z. C 4. 22 & 23 Car. z. C 3. 1 W. St m.ft. 1. C 24. 2 W. St M. Ses'. 2. C 10. 4 W. & M. C 3.

5 IV St M. C 20. 7 W. 3. C 30. 8 ty. 3. C 19. 10 W. 3. C 21. 12 W. 3. C II 1 Ann. Ji. 2. C 3. 4 Ann; C 6.

with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the Feast of the Annunciation, New duties of which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, there shall be, within and Excise for 32 throughout the whole Realm of Great Britain, raised, levied, collected, and paid unto her Majesty, her Tears, from 23

Heirs and successors, for and during the Term and Space of thirty-two Years from thence next and im March l

mediately ensuing, and fully to be complete and ended, for Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors herein after expressed, by Way of Excise, over and above all Duties, Charges, and Impositions, by any former C y

Act or Acts of Parliament fetor imposed, the several Rates and Duties of Excise herein after expressed; that is to say.

For every Barrel of Beer or Ale (above six Shillings the Barrel, exclusive of the Duties of Excise) brewed strong Beer, by the common Brewer, or any other Person or Persons who doth or shall sell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, to be paid by the common Brewer, or by such other person.or Persons respectively, and so pioportiably for a greater or lesser Quantity, threepence.

For every Barrel of six Shilling Beer or Ale, or under, brexed by the common Brewer, or any other Small Beer. Person or Persons who doth or shall Tell or tap out Beer or Ale, publicly or privately, to be paid by the said common Brewer, or by such other person or Persons respectively, as aforesaid, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, one Penny.

For all Cyder and Perry made and sold by Retail, upon every Ploglhead, to be paid by the Retailer Cyder and Terry, thereof, and so proportionably for any greater or lesser Measure, five Pence.

For all Verjuice made for Sale, upon every Hogshead, to be paid by the Maker thereof, and so propor Verjuice, tionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, five Pence.,

For ail Metheglin or Mtad, made for Sale, whether by Retail, or otherwise, to be paid by the Maker Meiheglin, or thereof, upon every Gallon, one Penny. Mcai!.

For and upon every Barrel of Vinegar, Vinegar Beer, or Liquors preparing for Vinegar, which shall be Vinegar, brewed or made of any English or Foreign Materials, by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for Sale, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Maker thereof, nine Pence.

For every Gallon of Strong Waters or Aqua Vitee, made for Sale, to be p id by the Maker thereof, one strorg Waters,

- Penny.

'i 1

And

382 C 7. Anno odiavo anne Reginae. A.D. 1709.

Spirits

New Duties how to be collected.

twopenny Ale. Thjs section explained by 12 Geo. x.c 4.^.62,

Vinegar for Picks liable to the Duties.

Refer to 10 11

IV. 3. C 21./.8.

Vinegar for making White Lead not liable.

New Duties on Pepper, C for 32 Years, from 6 February 1709, Made perpetual by 6 Geo. X C 4. §. 1.

And for every G allon of Spirits made in Great Britain, of any kind of Wine or Cyder imported, twopence.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon Beer, Ale, Cyder, and other Liquors aforesaid, and all Arrearages thereof, be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, during the said Space and Term of thirty-two Years, in the same Manner and Form, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of Mitigation, and other Powers, and with such Allowances, as any the Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are by any act or acts of Parliament or Law whatsoever, now in Force, enabled, appointed, or allowed to be raised, levied, collected, managed, recovered, and paid; and that so much of the said acts as are now in Force, for the raising, levying, collecting, paying, or answering the said Duties of Excise, or any of them, formerly granted, shall be continued and revived, and be practised, put in Execution, and observed, in and for the raising, levying, collecting, managing, adjudging, and answering the said Duties of Excise, by this act granted, for and during the said Term of thirty-two Years, and all Arrearages thereof, for the Purposes in this act expressed, as fully and effectually as if the same were particularly and at large re enacted in the Body of this present at.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Barrel of twopenny Ale, mentioned and described in the seventh Article of the Treaty of Union, there shall be only paid and charged, by Virtue of this Act, such a proportional Part of threepence, as two Shillings bears to four Shillings and nine Pence, over and above the other Duties wherewith the said Barrel of Ale is charged in the said Article.

IV. And whereas it may be doubted whether such Persons as make Vinegar, and use the same in the preparing or making of Pickles for Sale, are vinegar makers within the Meaning of this and the other Acts relating to the Duties upon Vinegar; 'It is hereby declared, That from and after the Commencement of this Act, the Vinegar so made and used is and shall be liable to the Duties by this at, and the former Acts, whereby the Duties on Vinegar are imposed; and the said Persons shall, to all Intents and purposes, be deemed and taken to be the Makers of Vinegar for Sale, within the Meaning of the same Acts.

V. Provided always, That nothing hi this or any other Act, shall extend, or be construed to extend, to charge with this or apy other Duty, such Vinegar as shall be made by the Manufacturers of White Lead only, and used and consumed by themselves, in the making and preparing the same, and to no other ufa whatsoever; such Makers of Vinegar, soused in the preparing of White Lead (in case they shall sell or deliver out any Vinegar whatsoever by them made, to any Person or Persons, or employ the same for any other Use) shall from henceforth be chargeable with all Duties payable to her Majesty by vinegar makers, for all Vinegar by them made or to be made.

VI. And her Majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do also most humbly beseech her Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be answered and paid unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all and all Manner of Pepper, Raisins, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, and Mace whatsoever; and for such Snuff as is herein after mentioned, imported or to be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, at any Time or Times after the sixth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next and immediately ensuing (over and above all Duties, and additional Duties already payable for the same, or any of them, by any other Law now in Force) the several new Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money following; that is to say,

chargeable with er every Pound of Pepper, Averdupois Weight, imported as aforesaid, one Shilling and sixpence.

this Duiyi9 Annje, C 6. §. 5-9,

Raisins.

Nutmegs, C See 8 Geo. 1. c. 15, 17.

which direbs how these Duties are to be paid.

Snuff.

The Old Du: y only to be paid for Snuff, by 12

For every Hundred Weight of Raisins, of what kind soever, imported as aforesaid, accounting one hundred and twelve Pounds Averdupois to the Hundred, the Sum of five Shillings.

And for all Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, and Mace, imported, as aforesaid, as much as the same Spices respectively pay by any Law or Laws now in Force, upon the Importation thereof, it being intended by this at, that the present Duties upon the Importation of Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, and Mace, shall be doubled.

And for every Pound Weight Averdupois of all Snuff imported as aforesaid, not being of the Product or Manufacture of her Majesty's Plantations, the Sum of three Shillings.

The said respective Duties, for and upon all Pepper, Raisins, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Snuff, to be paid or secured in the manner herein after mentioned.

Geo. 1. c. 26. n 3-

Pepper imported after 17, February 1709. to be' Warehoused,

and Half the Subsidy paid

VII. And for the better securing the Duties upon Pepper by; this and other Aits of Parliament imposed, and to the Intent that the same may not be too burdensome on the Importers of such Pepper, as shall be again exported to Parts beyond the Seas; it is hereby provided, and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the seventeenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine, all such Pepper as flirjl be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain, shall upon Entry thereof be forthwith carried and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses, as shall for that purpose be provided by and at the Charge of the Importers of the said Pepper, and be approved of by the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs for the time being; and half the Subsidy which by Law is payable for Pepper, imported after the said seventeenth Day of February, shall be paid down in ready Money by the Importer or Importers thereof, who shall have Power to Sift or Garble the said Pepper as hath been usual, and ever practised, to make it Merchantable; which said Pepper so brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses, shall not be

taken

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo anne Regina;. C 7, 383

taken or carried out thence upon any Account whatsoever, other than as is herein after mentioned; that is to say, Such of the said Pepper as shall be sold to be consumed or spent in Great Britain, hail be deli if to te on vered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, unto the Person or Persons who shall buy the same of the in Grec Importer or Importers thereof, upon such Person or Persons paying to her Majesty's Use the Duties bj carriedout0 charged or imposed, or to be charged or imposed, by this or any other Act: or Acts of Parliament in that till the whole Behalf, for or upon such Pepper fa bought (other than and except the before mentioned half Subsidy)) paid, and such of the said Pepper as shall be for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, shall be delivered out ofsce Geo. i, such Warehouse or Warehouses, unto the Importer or Importers thereof, or such Buyer or other Person C 6'S § or Persons, as such Importer or Importers, shall appoint in that Behalf, upon sufficient Security to be first 1 j^iven by the Importers, or such Buyers or other Persons, to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors (which if to be exported. Security the said Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs are hereby required and empowered to take) that Security to be the same, and every Part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which said Secu 6iven»'* rities shall be discharged without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned or produced to the said Commissioners of the Customs, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places in Parts beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known British Merchants, then being at such Place or Places, that such Pepper was there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons, that such Pepper was taken by Enemies, orperillied in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being.

VIII. And for preventing all clandestine importing or bringing any Pepper into this Kingdom of Great What fliji be Britain, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, or Bodies Poli ^cme<i clande tick or Corporate, from and after the said seventeenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nf^imp°tt tion nine, shall import or bring any Pepper into any Port of or in this Kingdom of Great Britain other than ° pp r'

the Port of London; or into the Port of London., and shall not make due Entries of such Pepper so imported or brought in, and bring the same into the said Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid: same shall be, and is hereby adjudged, deemed, accounted, and taken to be clandestine Running, and unlawful Importation thereof; and such Person or Persons, or Bodies Politic or Corporate, so offending therein, and their Abettors, shall not only forfeit and lose all such Pepper so clandestinely run as aforesaid, but also the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and divided, one Moiety to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons that shall seize, sue, or inform for the same, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland.

IX. And for preventing the clandestine carrying of any of the said Pepper out of the said Warehouses, wflat

be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Keeper or Keepers of the said Warehouse or Ware ')eeme<1 clfnde*

houses (who shall be provided at the Charge of the Importers) shall keep one or more Book or Books,

wherein he or they shall fairly enter or write down an exact, particular, and true Account of all Pepper P

which shall be brought into and carried out of his or their said Warehouse or Warehouses, and the Days and Times when the same was so brought in and carried out, and how much thereof was delivered out to

be consumed and spent in Great Britain, and how much for Exportation as aforesaid; shall at the end

of every six Months transmit in Writing an exact Account thereof, upon Oath, to the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being, together with an exact Account of how much shall be remaining in his

or their said Warehouse or Warehouses respectively, and the said Commissioners are hereby empowered

and enjoined, within one Month after the same shall be transmitted to them as aforesaid, to appoint one

or more Person or Persons to inspect the said Book or Books, Warehouse or Warehouses, and to examine

the said Accounts; and if upon Examination it shall appear that any of the said Pepper was delivered out

otherwise than as aforesaid, or before paying the Duties of such of the said Pepper as shall be sold to be

consumed and spent in Great Britain, or giving such Security as aforesaid, for such of the said Pepper as

shall be delivered out for Exportation as aforesaid, then the warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers, so

offending therein, shall not only forfeit and lose the Value of the said Pepper so carried out as aforesaid,

and be for ever disabled from any cublick Employment for the future, but also shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered and divided as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for p"pt°r*t'ay

the Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Pepper, so lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses as aforesaid, th/warehoui'c to affix one Lock to every such Warehouse, the Key of which shall remain in the Custody of such Pro; &<; .

or Proprietors; and that he or they may, in the Presence of the said warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers, who is and are hereby obliged to attend at all seasonable Times for that Purpose, view,

sort, and deliver out the said Pepper, or any Part thereof, in Manner following; that is to say, Such of the said Pepper as shall be sold to be consumed and spent in Great Britain, to the Person or Persons who shall buy the same, upon paying the Duties charged or imposed thereon as aforesaid, and such of the said Pepper as shall be sold for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas upon giving such Security as is before in that Behalf expressed.

XI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Half subsidy said seventeenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine, no other Duty shall be taken or only to be paid demanded upon or at the Importation of any Pepper into Great Britain, (but the half Subsidy before pmpo^at'a°r"d mentioned) and all other the Duties and Impositions charged upon or for such Pepper as shall be delivered northeast other dut es as aforesaid, out of the Warehouse, to be consumed and spent in Great Britain, shall be paid upon such on itsdelivery Delivery out of the Warehouse as aforesaid, and not otherwise: that from and after the said seven out of the wate teenth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine, all Duties charged or imposed on such of j?ourc fr Con the said Pepper, as shall be delivered out of the said Warehouse or Warehouses to be exported, and shall oexport ion

be exported accordingly (except the half Subsidy) shall be discharged, and from thenceforth 119 Draw au" 0thct Dnti«

back discharged.

384 C 7. Anno octavo Ann, Regins. A.D. 1709.

back or Allowance shall be paid or made out of her Majesty's Customs, for or on the Account of such Exportation of any of such Pepper; anything herein, or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, contained to the contrary thereof, in any wise notwithstanding.

Importers of

XII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Importers of the have 2 Months ai ra fins5 Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, or Snuff, giving Security at the customhouse, shall for Payment, or have twelve Months Time for Payment of the Duties by this Act imposed thereupon; and in case such jo 1. percent. Importer shall pay ready Money, he shall have ten Pounds per Centum, or after that Rate per Annum, of for prompt Pay the said Duty abated to him for prompt Payment.

n'enr

XIII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Per

Nutmcgs, C fons to import into the Kingdom of Great Britain, during the Continuance of this Act, Nutmegs, cin ftoman*1"ports namon> Cloves, or Mace, subject to the several Duties payable for the dime, from any Parts beyond the in°briti{kships, Seas in British Ships, so as the Master, and at least one fourth of the Mariners during the Continuance kc.'of this present War, be her Majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, and so as after the End of this War, and

farther provisi during the Continuance of this Act, the Mailer, and at least three Fourths of the Mariners be her ons relating majesty's Subjects of Great Britain, and so as Notice be first.given to the Commissioners of her ma j?"'jt0, r e0, 1'jesty's Customs, of the Quality and Quantity of the said Spices, so intended to be imported, and the

s 45 pace; which they intend to import the same, and taking a Licence under the Hands of the commissioners of the Customs for the time being, for the landing and importing thereof as aforesaid; Licence they are hereby authorised and required to grant without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the same; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

Raifms, C

XIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Raisins, Nutmegs, landed without Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Snuff, hereby charged or intended to be charged as aforesaid, shall feited? &c"l0r" be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the customhouse, in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and before the said Duties by this Act charged or chargeable thereupon, shall be secured or paid, as this Act doth require, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering the same first signed by the Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively; all such imported Raisins, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Snuff, as shall be so landed and put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, (to wit) one Moiety of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, by Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

Raisins, C ex

XV. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case ported in due any of the said Raisins, Nutmegs, Cloves, Mace, Cinnamon, and Snuff, upon which the said new Du time, Duty to ties, by this Act granted, are paid, or secured to be paid, be again exported at any Time or Times within these^and 8 eighteen Months by British Merchants, or within nine Months by Aliens, to be accounted from the re monthsenlarged spedbive Times of the Sight or Entry of the said Goods Inwards, and that due Proof be first made, upon to 3 Years by Oath, That the said Raisins, Nutmegs, Cloves, Mace, and Cinnamon, or Snuff, so exported, be the 7 Geo. i. fiat.i. same for which the said Duties are paid, or secured to be paid as aforesaid; then and in every such C 2l. §. io. Case, and not otherwise, the same Duties so paid, shall, without any Delay or Reward, be wholly repaid out of any the Duties on imported Commodities by this a.dl granted, or the Security of such of the said Duties as shall be secured, shall be vacated (on a Debenture or Debentures, regularly certified and sworn to) as to so much of the said Raisins, Nutmegs, Cloves, Mace, and Cinnamon, or Snuff, as shall be so exported; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. to belevie'd h°w

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said new Duties upon Raisins, evie Nutmegs, Cloves, Mace, Cinnamon, and Snuff, by this Act imposed, during the said whole Term of thirty-two Years therein granted, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered and answered, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such other Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowance for Damage, as the other Duties upon the same Goods respectively are, by any Law or Statute now in Force, to be ascertained, secured, raised. recovered or answered, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

Pipper, cor

XVII. And for preventing the Frauds which may be practised in unshipping, to be landed, any Pep any unciiftomed per, Raisins, Mace, Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, Snuff, or any other Sort of Goods whatsoever, fub goods, unship jut to the Payment of Duties, without paying the same, as also to hinder the Importation of any Sort of in^theprohibited Goods into Great Britain; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any pep foffcited and' Pers Refills, Mace, Cinnamon, Cloves, Nutmegs, Snuff, or any other Sort of Goods whatsoever, lia treb'e, t'he Va ble to the Payment of Duties, shall be unshipped, with Intention to be laid on Land (Customs, and other Jue, C by De Duties, not being.first paid or secured) or if any prohibited Goods whatsoever, shall be imported into any venerunt. Part Of Great Britain, then not only the said uncustomed and prohibited Goods shall be forfeited and lost, but also the Persons who shall be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping the said prohibited and uncustomed Goods, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, after the unshipping thereof, shall forfeit Treble the Value thereof, together with the Vessels and Boats, and all the Horses, and other farther provih Cattle and Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the landing, removing, Carriage, or Conveyance of any hereto at|n6 of ie aforesaid Goods; one Moiety of all which Forfeitures and Penalties shall be to the Use of her ma s Geo. i. C 8.jesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that will seize or sue for the same, to be recovered by Bill, §. i6. Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Annas Regins. C 7. 385

XVIII. And whereas several Merchants and other wholesale Traders and Dealers in Pepper, have or

may have, on the eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine, several Stocks or Quan

tides of Pepper; 'it is hereby further enacted, That all and every such Merchants, Traders, and Dea Merchants to

lers, having on the said eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine, in his, her or p3y is. 6d. for their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for 'hg"r

him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, Benefit or Account, any Stock or Quantity of Pepper, 709"

as aforesaid, within the Realm of Great Britain, being for Sale, hall yield and pay unto her Majesty, for every Pound of such Pepper, one Shilling and sixpence, to be paid within six Months after the said eighth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and nine.

XIX. And to the end the said Stocks of Pepper may be known, and the Duties thereupon duly afeer II°'V the Stock tained and secured; is hereby enacted, That all and every the said Merchants, Traders, and Dealers in Hand (hailbe in Pepper, hall, on or before the eighth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ten, make a justa certame Entry thereof at the customhouse nearest the Place where such Pepper doth remain as aforesaid, and per Farther vnvifi mit the proper Officers of the Customs thereunto to be appointed, at any Time before the fifteenth Day ens, concerning of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, to enter into his her, or their Warehouses or other Places, s^cs'. 9jim' where such Stocks of Pepper are to be found, and to view, weigh, and take account of the same; and if Vo jinnfc!z6. any such Merchant, Trader, or Dealer shall neglect to make such Entry at the Customrhouse within the /. 45.

Time aforesaid, or hall refuse to permit such Officer to enter into his, her or their Warehouses or other 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. Places (if thereunto required) there to view the said Stock as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, or shall hide, / 45 remove, or convey away the said Stock of Pepper, with Intent to defraud her Majesty, or shall not i Gec j5 pay her Majesty's Dues for the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act; then for every or any Ar, t % Geo. 1. such Offence the Merchant, Trader, or Dealer respectively, so offending, shall forfeit and lose his, her C ii.f. 21. or their said Stocks of Pepper, or the Value thereof, to be recovered and distributed as aforesaid.

XX. Provided, That if such Persons so chargeable for any Stocks of Pepper, shall pay her Majesty's iol. percent. Duties for the same before the End of the said six Months, then he, he or they, hall be allowed for for prompt pay such prompt Payment, after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for every Sum so advanced, ment and

in case of Exportation thereof, or any Part thereof, within eighteen Months after Entry made as aforesaid, the said Duties payable by this Act for such Stocks of Pepper shall be discharged or repaid.

XXI. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Dispute hall arise whether any Snuff chargeable by this Onus probandi. Act upon the Importation thereof, be of the Produce or Manufacture of her Majesty's Plantations, the

Onus probandi shall lie upon the Owner or Claimer thereof.

XXII. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said several Duties New Duties on arising by this Act upon exciseable Liquors in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Excise to be un* Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall from Time to Time be under the Management and Government tff oath" 362" the Commissioners of Excise in England for the Time being; and the said Duties upon exciseable Liquors of to arise in Scotland, hall from Time to Time be under the Management and Government of the Commis of Excise, C sioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and that such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon

imported Commodities as hall arise in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, hall be ant Customs un under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs in England for the Time der the commis being; and such of the said Duties on imported Commodities as hall arise in Scotland, hall be under the sioners of the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and customs that the Commissioners of Excise in England, and the receiver-general of the Customs in England for the To be paid in to Time being, hall pay all the Moneys that they respectively hall receive of the said Duties (the necessary jh4 enchequer Charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accounting for the same, excepted) into her Ma 1 ina jesty's Receipt of Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue weekly (to wit) on Wedtiefday in every Week, if it be not an Holiday, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an Holiday, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein after mentioned; and that such of the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money by this Act imposed, as hall arise in Scotland (the necessary Charges of receiving, levying, managing, paying, and accounting for the same, excepted) shall from Time to Time be transmitted and paid by the Commissioners of Excise, and receiver-general of the Customs in Scotland, for the Time being respectively, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinct and apart as aforesaid, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein after mentioned.

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said several New duties ap

Duties by this Act granted, as well for and upon such exciseable Liquors, as for and upon such Pepper, props, ate Raisins, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, and Snuff, to be imported, and the said Stocks of Pepper Farther prmifi as aforesaid, shall be liable to and charged and chargeable with the yearly Fund herein after mentioned, a^ar.n

and all the Annuities of what Kind soever, to be payable out of the same, in Pursuance of this Act, du eta.* ring the whole Term of thirty-two Years herein after expressed in that Behalf; and all the same Rates and 12 Ann. fiat. 2. Duties (except the necessary Charges before mentioned) are and shall be appropriated thereunto in such.9manner, that all the Moneys which shall from Time to Time be or remain due, or in Arrear, for or upon 2*ga' C 3°' the said Annuities, or any of them, or for any Arrears thereof, (if any such be) shall from Time to Time, \zc C

in the first Place, be paid and satisfied out of the said several and respective Rates and Duties by this Act, 9c'eo.i.e. 34! granted, or some of them, with Preference to any other Payments, that hall or may hereafter be charged 23 Geo. C 26. upon the same Rates and Duties, or any of them, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, 32 Ge 2 C ?.7<. as are hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf. - 33 Geo. 2. c. 9.

XXIV. And to the end all the Moneys to arise by this Act may be duly and certainly raised and brought 1 e' 3' C 7' into the said Receipt of Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid; is hereby further enacted by the Autho

vol.iv. Ddd rity

Anno octavo Ann, e Reginae.

A.D. 1709.

The Officers for managing these Duties liable to the Act9W. 3 C 44.

4 W. 3. C 44.

st, oooo1. to be the yearly Fund,

Deficiency to be

the Surplus of Coals and Window Act.

Anns, C 4.

rity aforesaid, That from time to time, during the Continuance of this ACV, there hall be appointed such and so many Commissioners of the Customs and Excise, and other Officers, as shall be proper and necessary for the raising and levying the respective Duties and Sums of Money by this act granted or chargeable, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that all Receivers General, Collectors, and other Officers, who are or shall be concerned in the raising, collecting, receiving, and paying the said respective Duties hereby granted, or any of them, and keeping and rendering the several Accounts thereof, hall perform the several Duties therein, as to them respectively hall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offehce or neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the said Moneys, as are prescribed, and to be inflicted by virtue of an act of Parliament made act passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sam, not exceeding two millions, upon a Fundfor Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling 'the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or neglect relating to the Duties on Salt, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the act last mentioned.

XXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, during the Term of thirty-two Years, reckoning the first Year to begin from the twenty-ninth Day of September one thou fard seven hundred and ten, the full Sum of eighty one thousand Pounds per Annum, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money by this act granted, or chargeable, and to be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the same shall extend thereunto, shall be the whole and entire yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, of or for the said Rates and Duties, hall not amount to eighty one thousand Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same will extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund for or towards the answering or paying of all the several and respective Annuities hereinafter mentioned; and in case the said Rates, du thlasnrnhk°oft es' an Sums of Money by this act granted, hall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising into the Exchequer, for or upon Account of the same Rates and Duties hall not amount to so much as eighty one thousand Pounds, or to so much as shall be sufficient to discharge and satisfy all the Annuities by this act appointed or intended to be paid within or for the same Year respectively, That then and so often, and in every such Case, so much as hall be deficient or wanting to make up the said Fund for every or any such Year, hall be supplied and made good from time to time out of the Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys which, for such Year respectively, shall arise by the Rates and Duties granted by an act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing Part of the Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cynders, and granting new Duties upon Houses having twenty tvindows or more, to raise the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, after all the Annuities, Charges and Payments directed or authorised by that Act, until the End of such Year respectively, hall be fully satisfied, paid and discharged, or Moneys sufficient hall be reserved for that Purpose (which Surplus or Remainder was reserved to be disposed by Authority of Parliament;,) and in Default of such Surplus or Remainder, then the said Deficiency shall be supplied or made up from time to time out of the first Aid to be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiency shall appear, and hall from time to time be transferred thereunto, as soon as such Aid hall be granted.

XXVI. And it is hereby declared, That so much of the said Duties hereby granted as shall come into the Exchequer before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall go in Aid of the said yearly Fund after the said twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, for Payment of the Annuities which shall become payable upon this act.

XXVII. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Moneys arising by the Duties hereby granted, and Provisions hereby made for Payment of the several Annuities which shall be payable upon this act, shall be fairly and duly entered in one or more Book or Books to be kept in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells, for that Purpose, to which all Persons concerned, at all seasonable Times, hall have free Access, without Fee or Charge.

XXVIII. And for the raising any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the said War, and other her Majesty's occasior>s; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, advance and pay into the

re.gners may ad Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, for her Majesty's Use, at or before the respective Days and Times £ "£27 on in this act limited in that Behalf, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding in the whole the said' Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds for the absolute Purchase of any certain Annuity or Annuities, to

be paid and payable, during the full Term of thirty-two Years to be reckoned from the twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten; which certain Annuities shall be computed at the Rate of nine Pounds per Annum for every one hundred Pounds, and proportion ablyfor any greater Sum so to be advanced or paid; an the Purchase Money for every such Annuity, at Rate aforesaid, is hereby appointed to be paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer, at or before the respective Days and Times herein after limited; that is to say, One fourth Part thereof on or before the Times of Pay first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the first Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the first Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the first Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten: All which Annuities so to be purchased, shall

3 not

and in Default, by Parliament, Duties arising before 29 Sept. 1710. to be applied to the Annuities, C

Moneys arising by the duties to be entered in a Rook.

Natives or So

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo anne Reginae. C 7. 387

not exceed in the whole the Sum of eighty one thousand Pounds per Annum, and shall be paid and payable at the four moll usual Feasts, or Days of Payment in the Year; that is to say the Feasts of the Birth of our Lord Christ, the Annunciation of the blessed Virgin Mary, the Nativity of St. John Baptist, and St. Michael the Archangel, by even and equal Portions; the first Payment thereof to be due at the Feast of the Birth of our Lord Christ which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten.

XXIX. And it is hereby enacted, That in the Offices of the Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Contributors Pells, in the Exchequer severally, there shall be provided and kept a Book or Books, in which there shall ^atdsu> be be fairly entered the Names of all who shall be contributors for such certain Annuities, as aforesaid, and of "

all Persons by whose Hands the said Contributors shall pay in any of the Paid Sums upon this Act, and also the Sum so paid for such Annuities: To which Book it shall be lawful for the said respective Contributors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from time to time, and at all seasonable Times, to have Resort, and to inspect the same, without Fee or Reward.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Annuities so to be Annuities charg

purchased upon this present Act, shall be and are hereby charged upon, and shall be paid and payable, ed upon the new from time to time, out of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, and other Provisions made by Dut, es virtue of this Act for the Payment thereof; and that all and every Contributor and Contributors upon < Purt of these this Act, duly paying the Consideration or purchase money, at the Rate aforesaid, at or before the respect Annuities were tive Days o r Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, subscribed into or such as he, she or they shall appoint, his, her or their respective Executors, Administrators, Sue 6

cessors and Assigns, shall have, receive, and enjoy, and be intituled, by virtue of this Act, to have, re geo^nc. I.' ceive, and enjoy the respective Annuity and Annuities so to be purchased, out of the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for the Payment thereof, during the said whole Term of thirty-two Years, to

be purchased therein, as is abovementioned; that all and every such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, shall have good, sure, absolute and undefcafible Estates and Interests in the several Annuities so by them respectively to be purchased, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act; and that all the said Annuities to be purchased on this Act, and every of them, during the Term aforesaid, shall be free from all Taxes, Charges and Impositions tax free, whatsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Contributor upon this Act, Contributors ts for any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors havetallies or Assigns, upon Payment of the Consideration or purchase money for the same, at the Rate aforesaid, or ftiuck>

any Part or Proportion thereof, into the said Receipt of Exchequer, within the Time or Times in this Act limited in that Behalf, shall immediately have one or more Talley or Tallies levied, importing the Receipt of so much purchase money as shall be so paid; and upon Payment of all the purchase money, for any such Annuity or Annuities, at the Rate aforesaid, every such Contributor, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, shall have an Order for paying of the said Annuity and Annuities, for and during the said Term of thirty-two Years to be purchased therein; which and Orders sign order shall be signed by the Treasurer and Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any three or more ed by the Trea* of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and after the signing thereof, the same shall surer' C be firm, good, valid, and effectual in the Law, according to the Purport and true Meaning thereof, and of this Act; and shall not be determinable by or upon the Deaths or Removal of any Treasurer or Under Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioner or Commissioners of the Treasury, or by or upon the Determination of the Power, Office or Offices of them or any of them; nor shall any Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, Treasurer of the Exchequer, or any Commissioners of the Treasury, now or for the Time being, have Power to revoke, countermand, or make void such Orders so signed, as aforesaid, or any of them.

XXXII. And for the Encouragement of the Contributors to advance and pay readily into the Receipt si.percent, for of the Exchequer, the Sums by them intended to be advanced upon this Act, It is provided and cnaft promptpayment. ed by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Contributor who shall advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, within the Times limited by this Act, the purchase money payable for any such

Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns shall be allowed and paid out of the contribution money arising by this Act, Interest after the P, ate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the prompt Payment of the purchase money, or of such Proportions of the purchase money as shall be so advanced before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten; the said Interest to be computed for the respective Sums so advanced and paid into the Exchequer, from the Time or respective Times of the actual advancing and paying the same into the Exchequer, until the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Purchaser or Pur Purchasers may chasers of any such Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Sue alfig?their an ceflors or Assigns, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of his, her or their Term, Estate nmtles> cor Interest of and in the same, by any Writing under his, her or their Hands and Seals, or under the Common Seal of a Corporation, or by his, her or their last Will in Writing, to assign or devise such Annuity, or any Part thereof, or any Interest therein, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, and lo toties

queties, and no such Assignment to be revokable, so as an Entry or Memorandum of such Assignment or Will be made in Books to be kept for that Purpose in the said Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, within the Space of three Months after such Assignment or Death of the Devlfor; and that upon the producing

D d d 2 such

Purchase, unless one eighth be paid before I May 1710.

Purchasers not paving in all their consideration money, forfeit what is advanced.

Within IX Days after j May 1710. Treasury to take an exact Account of all the Sums advanced for Annuities, C

Natives or Foreigners may become Adventurers in the Lottery,

C 7. - Anno octavo anne Regime. A.D. 1709.

such Asignment or Will, or Probate thereof, in the said Office of Receipt, to be entered, as aforesaid, the Party so producing the same shall bring therewith an Affidavit taken before one or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, of the due Execution of the said Asignment or Will, which Affidavit shall be severally filed in the said Office; which said Entry or Memorandum the proper Officers in the said Receipt of Exchequer are hereby required to make accordingly, and to file the said affidavits; and in Default of such Asignment or Devise by Deed or Will, the Interest of such Contributor shall go to his or her Executors, or Administrators

'provided always, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall or may purchase or obtain, or he admitted to purchase or obtain any such certain Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, for which Exchequer Orders are to be made forth, as aforesaid, upon this Act, unless the whole or one Fourth Part at lead: of the consideration money for the same, at such Rate as aforesaid, be advanced and paid into the said Receipt of Exchequer on or before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten.

XXXV. Provided also, That in case any such Contributor, as aforesaid, who shall on or before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, have advanced into the Exchequer one fourth Part of his, her or their purchase money, or his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns do not advance and pay into the said Receipt of Exchequer, one other fourth Part of his or her consideration money, so to be paid for such respective Annuity or Annuities, as aforesaid, on or before the said first Day of "July one thousand seven hundred and ten; and one other fourth Part thereof on or before the said first Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the said first Day of November one thousand seven hundred and ten; then, and in every such Case refbedlively, no Order shall be drawn or signed for such respective Annuity, for which the consideration money shall not be fully paid as aforesaid, but so much of the consideration money as shall have been actually paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, for such respective Annuity, shall be forfeited to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and shall be applied, together with other the Moneys to be raised by this Act, for such public Sendees, as aforesaid; thing in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVI. And to the end there may be no Failure in raising the Supply, intended to be raised for her Majesty's Use by this Act, it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That within one and twenty Days after the said first Day" of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, at the furthest, the Lord Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause an exact Account to be taken of all the Sums of Money which shall, at or before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, be advanced or paid by such Purchasers as aforesaid, into the Exchequer, and compute how much by the Year the certain Annuities which will be payable to such Purchasers, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns (in case the Residire of their Payments be duly complied with) will in the whole amount unto, and consequently how much (if any Remainder be) of the said yearly Fund of eighty one thousand Pounds will then remain undisposed; Account being certified by the said Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells, and allowed by the said Lord Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall be enrolled and recorded in the respective Offices of the said Auditor of the Receipt, and Clerk of the Pells; and Publication shall be made thereof, as well in the London Gazette, as by affixing the same upon the Royal Exchange in London.

XXXVII " And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case it shall appear, by such Account to be taken, certified, enrolled, recorded and published, as aforesaid, that there shall be such a Residue or Remainder of the said yearly Fund of eighty one thousand Pounds undisposed, over and above so much as shall be applicable to the Payment of the certain Annuities to be purchased as aforesaid; it shall and may he lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute, for or towards advancing so much as (together with the Moneys to be raised by the Sale of such certain Annuities as are abovementioned) shall not in the whole exceed the said Sum of nine hundred thousand Pounds, by paying, at or before the fifteenth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds, upon this Act; and that every such Person, who will so become an Adventurer, shall and may advance the Sum of ten Pounds; for which Sum so advanced, he, he or they, for thirty-two Years, hall be intituled to receive a Share or Dividend of the said Remainder of the said yearly Fund, as hereafter is expressed; that every Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of ten Pounds, as he, she or they mail think fit; and for every such Sum of ten Pounds so advanced, he, she or they is or are to be interested in one Lot or Share of and in the said Remainder of the said yearly Fund.

"Her Majesty to appoint Managers for the Lottery. Books to be provided with three Columns, sv "to be appointed by the Lord Treasurer, C Managers to examine the Books, and deliver "them to the Receivers, C Tickets to be delivered out at 10 /. per Ticket. Receivers to redeliver "Books, isfe. by 26 Sept. 1710. Middle Column Tickets to be rolled up, and put in a Box. Inner "to remain in the Books. Books with two Columns. The fortunate Tickets shall be one fortieth "Part of the whole Number, and the Managers shall cause such yearly Sums to be written upon the fortunate Tickets, as the Lord Treasurer, C shall direct, so that the Total thereof, together with twenty "Pounds yearly to the first drawn Ticket, and twenty Pounds to the last drawn Ticket, shall not charge tc so much of the undisposed Remainder of the yearly Fund of eighty one thousand Pounds, but that "every Ticket not having a fortunate Lot, exceeding fourteen Shillings a Year, shall be intituled to four "Shillings a Year for thirty-two Years. Blanks to have 14-s. per Annum for 32 Years. The Tickets

to

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Annje Reginae. C 8. 389

to be put into another Box, No Money to be received after 15 Sept. 1710. Public Notice of the tc Time of cutting the Tickets. The Manner of drawing the Tickets. Forging Tickets Felony. For "to be paid their Advantages half yearly. Unfortunate to be paid yearly, at the Feast of Saint "Michael. Money here lent. tax free. half yearly and yearly Payments to be made in course, Tickets "to be paid in Arithmetical Progression. Overplus disposable by Parliament. EXP."

LXIII. And for preventing the great Charges that the Officers of the Customs, seizing Goods pro Persons to gin hibited and uncustomed, are put to, by groundless and vexatious Claims entered thereto in the Court Security to an where such Goods are prosecuted; 'it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person upon fwerc°l; soc Entry of any Claim in the Court, where such prohibited and uncustomed Goods are prosecuted, shall cidirnnie Goods from and after the twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ten be obliged to give Southeast otherwise curity in the Penalty of thirty Pounds, to answer and pay the Costs occasioned by such Claim; and in Goods tobcrt default of giving such Security within the Time limited by the Course of that Court for entering Claims, covered, such Goods shall be recovered.

"Mistake in the Orders upon 5 Anna, C 19. rectified."

EXP.

CAP. VIII.

An Act for clearing, preserving, and maintaining the Labour of Cat water, lying near Plymouth the County of Devon, and for the cleansing and keeping clean the Pool, commonly called Sutton Pool, lying in Plymouth aforesaid.

WHEREAS the ancient Borough of Plymouth in the County of Devon, is very considerable for the Port there, and is of great Importance, as well for advancing her Majesty's Service and Re

as for promoting, and carrying on the Trade of this Kingdom; near unto which Borough hath been Time out of Mind, and yet is a Harbour commonly called cat water, the which was a very com modious and safe Station, as well for her Majesty's Ships of War, as for other Ships employed by Mer ' chants, until of late that several Shoals and great Banks of Sand have been caused there by the Tides and Violence of Storms; which Shoals and Banks have yearly increased, whereby the said Harbour is not only at present rendered unsafe to Ships in their going into and out of the said Harbour, but is like to be entirely ruined, unless a timely and effectual Care be taken.to prevent the same: And whereas the Pool of Water, commonly called Sutton Pool, (lying in the Bosom of the said Town of Plymouth, and there by of great Use and Advantage, as well to her Majesty's Ships for their Supply of Provisions, as to all Merchants, who have Occasion to bring up their Vessels to lade or unlade their Cargoes at the Custom

and other Keys lying within the said Town) hath been of late Years, so filled and choked up with Ouse and Mud, as that, by Means thereof the said Pool is likely to become wholly unserviceable for the Uses aforesaid, if due care be not forthwith taken for preserving the same, by deepning thereof,

and cleansing the same: And whereas Benjamin Joules of Plymouth aforesaid, hath made Proposals for the

deepning and cleansing, and for the keeping clean and clear the said Harbour and Pool, at his own pro per Costs and Charges, so and in such Manner, as that the doing thereof will be a great Benefit to the

Public: To the end therefore, that so good a Work may be effected, and that the said Harbour and Pool may be restored to their former Usefulness, and may continue the same, and that the said Benjamin Joules may receive a suitable Encouragement for such his Undertakings, and his Performance of the said Work; Be it enacted, &c.

"Benjamin Joules, C shall cleanse the Harbour of cat water, so as to increase the Water in Depth one "Foot yearly for five Years successively, to be computed from March 25, 1710. and for such further Time "as the Supervisors hereby appointed shall order, till a fourth Rate Ship may go over the Shoal at half "Flood without Danger. The said Benjamin Joules, C to keep the Water at the same Depth, at his "own Costs, during the Continuance of this Act. He shall likewise carry away 2000 Tun of Ouze, &c.

"and make Proof of having so done at the End of every Year, to the Satisfaction of the Supervisors "

"appointed. After 25 March 1710. the said Benjamin Joules, &c. to have the foie Privilege "ofballafting, life, for 71 Years. Masters of Ships, &c. to receive Ballast from no other Person. He "may take the Gravel, &c. of cat water lot Ballast. Rates appointed for Ballasting. He shall employ "such a Number of Boys, &c. for carrying Ballast as the Supervisors shall judge sufficient. Boys, &c. to "be gauged. He shall attend the Ballasting. Proviso, that the Master, &c. give 24. Hours Notice, what "Ballast he shall want. Lime Stones or Shindle to be furnished at the same Rates as other Ballast. No "Ballast to be thrown into any of the Harbours, &c. No Master, &c. to detain the Boys, &c. longer "than needful. This Act not to prejudice the Right, &c. of any Person to the said Water, &c. nor to "hinder any Bargeman, &c. from dredging, &c. If the said Benjamin Joules, C do not perform, &c.

"all the Orders, &c. above specified, all the Grants contained in this Act shall cease. The Supervisors "liable to any Penalty for not receiving the Sacrament. Continuance of this Act for 73 Years, from "25 March 1710. Not to prejudice the Rights of the Borough of Saltash. This Act not to hinder the "clearing of the Harbour of cat water. Saving the Rights of the Queen, and of all Persons claiming "by any Grant from the Crown, any Privilege, &c. in the Harbours, &c. P R.

39° C g.

Anno octavo anne Regime.

A.D. 1709.

CAP. IX.

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks, and Apprentices, towards raising her Majesty's Supply, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten.

For the Application of Duties arising from this

from 1 1710, petual by9 Annas, C si. §7'

Wax Candles imported, 4d. Tallow Candles imported, 2q.

AY it please your most Excellent Majesty; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled. duly considering your majesty's great Oc

a fee sanna? cations for Money to defray the Expenses of the present War, and other necessary Services, have for CV &, tllat End an(l furpose cheerfully and unanimousty given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant " to your Majesty, as well the several Duties for and upon all Candles made in Great Britain, or imported into the same, as also the several Duties or Rates upon Moneys to be given, or agreed to be given, with such Clerks, Apprentices or Servants, as are herein after mentioned, for and during the respective Terms herein after expressed; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it hiay be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same. Duty on Candles That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and ?orsyjr5' Successors, for and upon all Candles which, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of five made per Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of May one thousanft seven hundred and ten, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and other Duties already imposed thereupon) the several and respective Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, For all Candles made of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles (notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith) which shall be so imported, the Sum of fourpence, for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity; and for all Candles made of Tallow, and other Candles whatsoever (except the Wax Candles befo e charged) which shall be so imported, one Halfpenny, for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lelfer Quantity; the said several Duties for and upon all imported Candles, to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers thereof, before the landing of the same respectively; there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Candles, which at any Time or Times, within or during the said Term of five Years, shall be made within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, the several and respective Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say. For all Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles (notwithstanding any Mixture as aforesaid) which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of fourpence, for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lester Quantity; and for all Candles of Tallow, and other Candles whatsoever (except the Wax Candles before charged) which shall be so made in Great Britain, one Halfpenny, for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lester Quantity; the said several Duties for the said Candles so to be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Case any of the said imported Candles shall

before Entry, C be landed, or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before due Entrey be made thereof at the Custom

forfoited, C house; the port or pace where the same shall be imported, and before the said Duties by this Act charged

or chargeable thereupon shall be duly paid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering the same, first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively; all such imported Candles of what Kind soever, as shall be so landed and put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the value of the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, to wit, one Moiety of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons, as will seize, inform or sue for the Candles so imported and forfeited, or the Value thereof, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action, Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon imported Candles, by this Act granted, during the Continuance thereof, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered and answered for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, by such Rules, Ways. Means, and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the present Duties upon Candles imported, or any of them, are by any Law or Statute now in force, to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered or answered, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

IV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Candles, as shall arise, in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed,

Wax Candles made here, d. Tallow Candles, 2 q.

Candles landed

How these Duties shall be raised.

Candles imported ro be under thd Management

of'

fi

Customs,

r the Commit be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in England for the time iners of the being; and such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Candles, as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and that the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the time being, shall, from time to time, pav, or cause to be paid, all the Moneys that they respectively shall receive of "the said Duties for imported Candles (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the Public Revenues, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and

Dif

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo ann. e Reginae.

C 391

Disabilities, as are to be inflicted in this Act, for diverting or misapplying any Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for Repayment of Loans or Satisfaction of Interest Moneys, as is herein after mentioned.

V. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, levying, raising, and securing the several Rates and Duties by this act set and imposed upon all sorts of Candles made in Great Britain, during the Term aforesaid, according to the true Meaning of this act, and for' preventing of Frauds concerning the same, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Rates and Duties by this act granted, as are chargeable upon Candles made in England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Excise in England for the time being; and such of the Duties as are imposed by this act upon Candles made in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Exc Scotland for the time being; and that all the Moneys arising by the said Duties upon Candles made in Great Britain (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall be paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes in this act expressed, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are to be inflicted by this act, for diverting or misapplying any Moneys by this act appropriated or appointed for Repayment of Loans, or Satisfaction of Interest Moneys, as is herein after mentioned.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who, on or before the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall make any Candles for Sale, or not for Sale, shall, on or before the same first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, give Notice in Writing, at the Office of Excise next to the Place where such Candles shall be made, of every melting house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room, and other Place, by him, her, or them respectively made use of for the making or keeping of such Candles, or for the melting or keeping any Wax, Tallow, or other Materials proper to be made into Candles, and also of all Coppers, Furnaces, Moulds, or other vessels by them made use of for the melting of Wax, Tallow, or other Materials to be made into Candles; And that from and after the said first: Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Candles, no maker of Candles shall erect, setup, alter, change, enlarge, or make use of any melting house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room, or other Place for the making or keeping of Candles, or for the melting or keeping any Wax, Tallow, or other Materials proper to be made into Candles, or use any Copper, Furnace, Moulds, or other Vessel for the melting of Wax, Tallow, or other Materials to be made into Candles, without first giving Notice thereof in Writing, or unless Notice thereof shall have been before given in Writing, at the next Office of Excise; And if any Maker of Candles shall erect, setup, alter, enlarge, or make use of any melting house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, r oom, or other Place for the making or keeping of Candles, or for the melting or keeping any Wax, Tallow, or other Materials proper to be made into Candles, or shall use any Copper, Furnace, Moulds, or other vessels for the melting of Wax, Tallow, or other Materials to be made into Candles, without giving such Notice thereof, as aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; then, and in every such Case, the Offender therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, the one Moiety thereof to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who will inform, or sue for the same.

VII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, during the Continuance of the said Duty upon Candles hereby granted, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Candles in London, Westminster, or in any Parts within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality, shall monthly, and every Month, and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Candles in any other Part of Great Britain, shall, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing, at the next Office of Excise, of all the Candles by him or them severally made within such Month or six Weeks respectively; which said Entries shall contain the Weight, Number, and Size of the Candles mentioned therein respectively, and what Quantity thereof was made at each Course in the several Weeks to which such Entry shall relate, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect of Entry the Sum of twenty Pounds; which Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Makers of such Candles, or by their chief Workman or Servant, employed in making the same, according to the hest of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Workman, or Servant be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Workman or Servant, to the same Effect, in case he or she be a knowm Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; and the said Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations, to verify the same, shall, for such Candles as shall be made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be made with and administered by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners of Excise in England, or the major Part of them, for the time being, who shall attend at the general Excise Office in Londoner that Purpose; for all Candles made in all other Parts of Great Britain, with and by the respective Collectors or Supervisors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of Candles shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

VIII. Provided always, That no Maker of Candles shall be obliged to go or send further than the Market Town where his or her Candles are made, or the next Market Town to the Place where his or her Candles are made, for the making of such Entries, as aforesaid.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Candles in London, Westminster, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, within four Weeks, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make any

Candles made in Great Britain, under the commissioner of Excise.

Persons making Candles, to give Notice of their work houses, C

and not to alter. Sec. the same, without like Notice, at the next Office,

on Perialty of 50 1.

Persons In London, ic. to enter monthly,

in any other Parts, within 6 Weeks.

Entry to be on Oath, Sec,

Entry to be at next Market Town.

Persons in London, &c. to CL ar in four Weeks j in any other Parts in six Weeks after Entry

Penalty, double the Sum, C

Officers may enter the House and Weigh the Candles, C

and make Return thereoftothe Commissioners. Such Return a Charge on the Maker.

A Copy to be left with the Maker on Pain of 40 s.

Officer to be sworn.

Makers to keep Scales, con Penalty of 10 1.

Officers to take an Account of the Quantities of Wax, Tallow, C in custody of Maker, and afterwards missing the same, to charge the Maker, C

Maker obflruc ting Officer, forfeits 20 1.

mak?r not to remove Candles before Account taken thereof,

01 Forfeiture of as i.

Candles not: fur reyed, to be

kept separate on Forfeiture of 51.

C 9. Anno octavo Ann Regince. A.D. 1709.

any Candles in any other Part of Great Britain, shall within six Weeks after he, she or they shall make or ought to have made such Entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties for Candles, which shall be due from him, her or them respectively; that all and every such Makers of Candles, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, lor every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such Maker of Candle's, after such Default in Payment made, shall fell, deliver or carry out any Candles, until he hath paid and cleared off his Duty as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of such Candles so delivered or carried out.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties, shall, at all Times, by Day or by Night, and if in the Night, then in the Presence of a constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, be permitted upon his or their Request, to enter the House, melt ing house, ware house, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by any Person or Persons who, within or during the said Term of five Years, shall be a Maker or Makers of any Candles whatsoever, and by Weighing or Tale of the Candles, or otherwise, as to such Officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an Account of the just Quantity of the Candles which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Candles from time to time; and shall thereof make Return or Report in Writing to the respective Commissioners of Excise, or such as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded) of such Report in Writing under his Hand, with or for such Maker or Makers of Candles respectively; and such Report or Return of the said Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Candles respectively; and if the said Officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Report in Writing with or for such Maker or Makers of Candles, at the Time of taking such Account, upon demand, as aforesaid, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Maker or Maker of Candles respectively.

XI. Provided always, That every Officer who shall be empowered to make such Charge, as aforesaid, shall in the first Place be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, and the Oath in that Behalf shall and may be administered by all or any the Commissioners of Excise, or by any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officer a Certificate thereof; and all and every such Maker and Makers of Candles respectively are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, she or they do make such Candles, and permit and assist the Officer to make use thereof, for the Purposes in this Act, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be forfeited and lost for not keeping such Scales and Weights, or for not permitting and assisting the Officer to use the same, as aforesaid.

XII. And the better to prevent any Frauds and Concealments, whereby her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, may be injured or deprived of the Duties upon Candles granted by this Act; It is hereby likewise enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties upon Candles, shall also be permitted to take an Account, by gauging, weighing, dr otherwise, of the Quantities of Wax, Tallow, and other Materials, proper to be made into Candles, that shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Maker of Candles, during the Continuance of the said Duties hereby granted; and in case such Officer or Officers shall miss any Quantity or Quantities of such Wax, Tallowrand other Materials aforesaid, which he had taken an Account of at the last Time he was at such Makers of Candles, and shall not upon reasonable Demand receive Satisfaction what is become of such Wax, Tallow, and other Materials so missing; then and in every such Case, it shall be lawful for such Officer to charge such Maker of Candles, with such Quantity of Candles as such Wax, Tallow, and Materials so missing, in his Judgement would reasonably have made, not exceeding one hundred and eight Pounds of Candles, for every one hundred and twelve Pounds of Wax, Tallow, and other Materials so missing, as aforesaid, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

XIII. And be it enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Candles shall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this act, for the ascertaining and securing the said Duties upon Candles, the Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIV. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Candles, after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Candles, shall (under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Offence) remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Candles by him, her, or them made, of which no Account shall have been first taken by the proper Officer for the said Duties, from the Place where the same Candles shall have been made, without giving to the proper Officer or Officers, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, twenty-four hours Notice at the least, and to the proper Officer or Officers, in other Parts of Great Britain, two days Notice at least, of his, her or their Intention to remove, carry or send away the same, that so the said Officer, without his own wilful Neglect or Default may have Time so take an Account thereof.

XV. And for the better ascertaining the said Duties upon Candles, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Makers of Candles shall front time to time keep all the Candles by them to be made, and which shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the said Officers for the said Duties on Candles, separate and apart from all other their Candles, which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of by such Officers, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after the making thereof, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or for the Space of two Days after the making the said Candles in any other Parts of Great Britain, unless such Candles shall have been sooner surveyed and

taken

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Ann Reginae. C 9. 393

taken an Account of by the said Officers respectively, on Pain to forfeit for every Offence therein the Sum of live Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Makers of Candles hall fraudulently hide, or Candles conceal conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Candles chargeable by this Act, or any the Materials for ei totfelt 2ol> making the same, to the Intent to deceive her Majesty of her just Duties by this Act granted, that then

and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Candles, Wax, Tallow, and Candles, C other Materials for making Candles, which shall be found in any private melting house, work house, found in private ware house, and other Place, and all private Coppers, Furnaces, and other Vessels, for which no Entry m«li'n| h°orc> shall be made, or Notice given, as abovesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same, or the value there 'c> or utc

of, shall and may be seized and recovered by the said Officer or Officers for the said Duties upon Candles, to her Majesty's Use.

XVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the Duties upon Candles hereby granted, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall use, or cause, procure or

suffer to be used, in the Inside of his, her or their dwelling house, any Lamp or Lamps, wherein any Oil No Lamps in or Fat (other than Oil made of Fish within Great Britain) shall be burnt for giving Light, under the Pe Dwelling Houses nnlty of forty Shillings for every Offence therein; and that no Persons during such Continuance of this tutwith Emish Act, shall expose to Sale any Candles, unless it be in his, her, or their Shops or Warehouses publicly 0/' n 3111 used for that Purpose, or in same public Fair or Market, under the Penalty of five Pounds for every Of No Candles to fence in so doing; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding. be sold, but in

Shops or Markets, on Pain of 51.

XIX. And is hereby enacted, That all the Candles, and all the Materials and Utensils for the making Candles, C LI of Candles, in the Custody of any Maker or Makers of Candles, or of any Person or Persons, to the Use able to all Debts of, or in Trust for such Maker or Makers of Candles, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made ni Duties u chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Candles, in Arrear and owing by such Maker or Makers, Arrear'

for any Candles by him, her or them, or in his or their working house, or Places aforesaid; shall also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons, so using such work house, or other Place, for any Offence against this Act, relating to the said Duties upon Candles; and that it shall and may be lawful, in all such Cases, to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done by this Act, in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

CXX. And whereas many of her Majesty's Subjects do make Candles not to sell, or make any Profit thereof, but to be confirmed in their own private Houses only; 'For the better Accommodation of such Persons, it is hereby further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners Commissioners of Excise for the time being respectively, or the major part of them, or such Person or Persons, as they, of excise, may or the major Part of them respectively, shall appoint for that Purpose, and in Default of such Appoint topp°u" d th menti then the Collector or Supervifof for the District or Division within which such Person doth or atts.'per Head, shall inhabit, shall and may compound and agree, with such Person or Persons, for the said Duties of such Candles, that shall grow due or payable from him, her or them, by this Act, from the Commencement thereof, until the End of the Term hereby granted, at the Rate of one Shilling per Annum, for every Head, which at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of such Composition, shall be of the Family of such Person or Persons respectively, and to receive such composition money quarterly; and that theuch Coropoun houses, out houses, or other Places of such particular Persons, making such Composition and Agreement, th^duty^nor to and paying such composition money quarterly, shall not be liable to the said Duty upon Candles, or to the Survey of be surveyed or searched by any Gager or Officer for the said Duties upon Candles, for or by reason of the Gager, his or their making such Candles, as aforesaid, or to the said Penalty for using Lamps.

XXI. Provided, That if any such Person, after such Composition made, shall sell, exchange, barter, Compounders or deliver out any Candles to any other Person or Persons, or firall permit any other Person or Persons to selling Candles, make any candle s in his, her, or their Houses or out houses, or shall have more Persons of their Families &<= forfeit 51. than they shall so compound for, without giving Notice of them in Writing, at the next Office of excise, at or before the next Quarter Day, and paying the like Composition for them, then every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, and after such Offence committed shall lose the Benefit of his, her or their Composition, and shall be liable to the said Duties upon Candles, and to the Survey and Search and liable to the of such Officers, as if no such Composition had been made; and for every Pound of Candles so fraudu Duty, C lently sold, exchanged, bartered, or delivered out, or fraudulently made, every such Person shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings; anything in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXII. Provided always, That if any such Compounder shall leave off housekeeping before the End Compounder of the said Ternt, and give Notice thereof in Writing at the next Office of Excise, and shall pay the Duty Having off _ for the Quantity of Candles made by him or her, that shall remain in his or her hands, or in the Hands of housekeeping, any other Person or Persons to his or her Use, at the Time of leaving off such housekeeping, and all, ° ltlon to Arrears of the Payments that shall be due on such Composition, that then such Composition shall cease from the End of the Quarter in which he or she shall so leave off housekeeping; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Candles which any Wax Candles in Cuf chandler, Tallow Chandler, or other Sellers and Dealers in Candles in Great Britain, or any Person or tody of Sellers or

1 Dealers in Candles,

on I May, to pay the same Duty as Candles made after 1 May.

Per

IV

E e e

394 C 9'

Anno octavo Anna: Regina.

A.D. 1709.

Persons in Trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, shall be possessed of, or interested ill, upon the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, for Sale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majesty, the like respective Rates as are by this Act to be paid for the like Sorts of Candles to be made after the said first Day of May; and that all and every the said Wax Chandlers, Tallow Chandlers, or other Sellers and Dealers in Candles, and all and every other Person and Persons, who, in Trust for them, or any of them, or for the Use of them, or any of them, shall be possessed of or have in 1 ^ls' ber or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her or their melting house, work house, ware house,

Forfelcureof 50}*. store house, Shop, Room, or other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said first Day of May one thousand Candles; sand seven hundred and ten, any Stock, Parcel, or Quantity of Wax Candles, Tallow Candles, or other Candles whatsoever, for Sale, shall, on or before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, make a true and particular Entry thereof at the Excise Office, within the Limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Candles for which no such Entry shall have been made; and within six Days after he, she or they shall have made, or ought to have made such Entries as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties hereby payable for such Candles, or within the said six Days shall give Security to the proper Officers, for paying the same Duties to her Majesty's Use within three Months then next ensuing; and in case the said Duties for such Stock of Candles be paid down within the said six Days, then there shall be allowed out of the same Duty, for such prompt Payment, an Allowance after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Time of three - Months; and that all and every such Chandlers, and other Sellers and Dealers in Candles, who shall re

?eu, t?ipa?v, 'or i'*eglect to make such Payment, or to give such Security for Payment of the said Duties for his. Duty. ou e e her or their said Stock of Candles, within the time by this al limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit double the Sum of the said Duty which should have been so paid or secured by him, her or them as aforesaid; may take and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officers for the said Duties respectively, to take a true and particular Account of all such Stock or Quantity of Candles, as any such Chandlers, or other Sellers and Dealers in Candles, or any in Trust for them, shall, on the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, have or be possessed of; and for that Purpose shall be permitted, in the Daytime, to enter into any Shop, ware house, melting house, or any dwelling house, out house, or other Places belonging to such Chandlers, and other Sellers and Dealers in Candles, and every of them, who are hereby required to permit such Officer and Officers, upon his or their Request, to make such Entrance on the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty last mentioned shall be paid or secured, and to take an Account of the Quantity of such Candles, jlulnult, r under the Penalty of twenty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons having on the said first Day of May dies clandestinely one thousand seven hundred and ten, in his, her or their Custody or possession, any Stock or Quantity of removed forfeits Candles chargeable by this Act with the said Duty for Stock as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or fuft er to be removed or carried away the same, or any Part thereof, before her Majesty's Duties thereupon shall be paid or secured as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide, any Part of his, her or their said Stock of Candles, that then, and in every such Case, he, she or they so offending, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in all and every such Case and Cases, the Stock or Quantity of Candles which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any the said Officers for the said Duties on Candles; and the Person or Persons in whole Custody such Stock of Candles shall. be found, who shall not, before the Discovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office for the said Duties upon Candles of the Stock or Quantity of Candles foin his, her or their Custody, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound Weight.

Stock in Hand on 1 May, to be entered at the Excise Office, on

and Duty to be paid in 6 Days after Entry, or Security to pay in 6 Months,

10 I. percent, for prompt Payment.

Account of Stock in Hand on 1 May,

and may enter into any Shop, fcc. on Pain of 201,

Stock of Can

20 1. and the Candles,

Those in whose Custody such Candles sound, forfeit 5 s. per. Jb.

Candles, for

XXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may which the Duty lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall have actually paid her Majesty's Duties by this Act ma bee" iorted payable for any Quantity of Candles whatsoever, and to and for any other Person or Persons, who shall iic, p'buy or be lawfully intituled to any such Quantity of Candles from the said Person or Persons who actually paid her Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Candles for any foreign Parts by way of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the hipping thereof for Exportation, That the particular Quantity of Candles which shall he intended to be exported as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain; which Security the Customer or Collector of the respective Port for fuel) Exportation is hereby directed and authorised to take in her Majesty's Name, and to her Use. guch car.dles.re XXV. Provided] ways, That if after the shipping of any such Candles to be exported as aforesaid, and landed, forfeit the giving or tendring such Security as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback herein CD caster mentioned, the Candles so shipped to be exported, or any of them, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to her Majesty's Use, all the Candles which shall be landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

Exporters of

XXVI. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall export any Candles to

Candles, on Oath

tat the Duty has been paid, or secured, and on Certificate and Debenture, to be repaid the

Candles, on Oath any foreign Parts, shall or may make Proof upon. Oath, or by such Affirmation as aforesaid, That the V r, ". Duty of such Candles hath been paid or secured according to this al (which Oath or Affirmation the coue&or who received the said Duty is hereby required and empowered to administer) and thereupon the said Collector for the said Duty upon Candles, shall give to such Person or Persons gratis a Certificate or Certificates, expressing the Kinds and Quantities of such Candles, and the Duties paid or secured to be. paid for the same, pursuant to this A, which Certificate being produced to the Customer or Collector t/dtfchargcysc! he p°rt where the said Candles shall be exported, and Oath or Affirmation as aforesaid, being also

made

Anno octavo Ann Reginae.

C 9- 395

made by the Exporter before the said Customer or Collector of the Port (who is hereby also authorised and required to administer the same, without Fee or Charge) that the Candles so exported are the same mentioned in the said Certificate; then the said Customer or Collector of the Port where such Candles shall be exported, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture expressing the true Quantity of the Candles so exported; which Debenture being produced to the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties upon Candles, in such County or Place where the said Candles were exported, he shall forthwith pay the said Duty which shall have been received upon this Act, to the Persons or Agents so exporting the same; and if such Collector shall not have money in his Hands to pay the same, then the said respective commissioner of Excise are hereby required to pay the said Debenture out of the Duties upon Candles arising by this Act, or if the Duty of such Candles so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the Securities for the same; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an Act: made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court oflvards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof or by any other Law now in Force relating to her Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Candles hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Candles, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXIX. And whereas Candles are, or often may be cracked, or spoiled in making, and unfit for Sale; 'it is hereby provided and enacted, That upon showing the same to the Officer appointed for charging the said Duties upon Candles, such Officer shall quite deface such cracked or spoiled Candles, and make an Allowance of the Duty hereby chargeable for the Candles so by him utterly defaced; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas Handing Contrasts may have been made before the fourteenth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and nine, by Chandlers or other Dealers in Candles, for serving Public Offices, Societies, or other Persons with Candles, to be delivered in Point of Time after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, 'It is hereby enacted, That the Persons serving such Candles, after the said first Day of^hyone thousand seven hundred and ten, in pursuance of such former Contrasts, shall be allowed to add the Duties hereby charged upon such Candles to the Price thereof, and shall be intituled by virtue of this Act to be paid for the same accordingly.,

XXXI. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to charge the Duties herein before mentioned, on such small Rush Lights as shall be made by any Persons, to be used in their own Houses only, so as none of them be sold or delivered out, or be made for Sale; and so as such small Rush Lights be only once dipped in, or once drawn throw Grease or Kitchen huff, and not at all through any Tallow melted or refined; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Powers cf 12 Car. 2. C 24.

and other Excise Acts applied to this Duty,

Fines, See, how to be recovered.

Candles spoiled to be defaced, con

Contrasts X for Candles before 14 March. 1709, the Duty to be added to the Price.

Small Rufilights once dipped, not chargeable.

For Duties y £i?tr. on Candles, see farther 9 Ann.

C 6. 10 Ann. C 26, II Geo. 1. c. 30. 23 Geo. 2. c. 21. and 26 Geo. 2. c. 32.

XXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be, throughout the From i May

Kingdom of Great Britain, raised, collected, and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, the fur 63' M there Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money following, that is to say, The Duty, Rate, or Sum of six ^ltotunder, Pence for every twenty Shillings, for every Sum of fifty Pounds or under, and the Duty, Rate, or Sum and iid. for' of one Shilling, of every twenty Shillings, of all and every Sum and Sums amounting to more than fifty every Sum of Pounds, which shall, at any Time or Limes, from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven ab°vt 501- t9tc hundred and ten, and during the Term of five Years from thence next ensuing, be given, paid, contrast cterkor appren ed, or' agreed for, with or in Relation to every Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, which shall be, within ticeput out, for the Kingdom of Great Britain, put or placed to or with any Matter or Mi ft refs to learn any Profession, five Years, 'made Trade, or Employment, and proportionably for greater or Idler Sums; which said Duties, Rates, and perpetual by Sums shall be paid by the said Mailers or Mistresses respectively. ann: E' C ai'

To be paid by the Mailer.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual thisdutytobe levying, collecting, and paying unto her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, the said Duties after thn ^ment Rates of sixpence, and one Shilling for every such respective Sum of twenty Shillings as aforesaid, the commissioners same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners ior the Time being of theftnmp

E e e 2 ap Duties.

396 C 9*

Anno cavo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1709.

appointed to manage her Majesty's Duties on starnpt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the fam11 Commissioners hall employ and appoint such inferior Officers as hall be necessary for managing and collecting the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, and for keeping Accounts thereof, and for tamping all such Indentures and other Writings, which are hereby required to be tamped, as herein after is mentioned, and otherwise to act in and relating to the same Duties, as her Majesty's Service in this Behalf shall require; and to cause such Sum and Sums of Money to be expended and paid, from Time to Time, out of the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, for Salaries, and other incident Charges, as shall be necessary in and for the receiving, collecting, levying, or managing the same Duties during the said Term; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

To be paid to the

XXXIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties last mention

receivtrgeneral ed, and hereby granted, shall be all paid or transmitted, from Time to Time, as this act directs, into °l'hand bp him^ants the receiver-general for the Time being of the said Duties on starnpt Vellum, Parchment, into the Exche ard h*aper5 who shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, and pay the same into the Receipt of quer, weekly, the Exchequer of her Majesty, her heirs.and Successors, weekly, on ifedncfday in every Week, unless it be an Holiday, and then the next Day after which shall not be an Holiday, for the Purposes in this act expressed, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are to be inflicted by this act, for diverting or misapplying any Moneys by this act appropriated or appointed for Repayment of Loans, or Satisfaction of Interest Moneys as is herein after mentioned.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, the full Sum or Sums of Money received, or in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, agreed, or contracted for, during the Term aforesaid, with or in rela to be inftrted in tion to every such Clerk, Apprentice, and Servant as aforesaid, shall be truly inserted and written in the lodentuie, Words at length, in some Indenture or other Writing, which shall contain the Covenants, Articles, Contracts, or Agreements, relating to the Service of such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant as aforesaid, and shall bear Date upon the Day of the signing, sealing, or other Execution of the same; upon Pain, that every Master or Mistress, to or with whom, or to whose Use, any Sum of Money whatsoever hall be given, paid, secured, or contracted, for or in respect of any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid, which shall not be truly and fully so inserted and specified in some such Indenture or other Writing, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit double the Sum so given, paid, secured or contracted for the one Moiety of which Forfeitures shall be to her Majesty, her Pleirs or Successors, and the other Moiety, with full Costs, to any Person or Persons who shall inform and sue for the same, by action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record at Westminster, or in the Exchequer of Scotland, at any Time after the executing, making, or signing of any such Indenture or Writing, or making any such Contract or Agreement, and within one Year after the Time limited or appointed for the Service of any such Clerk, Apprentice, or Servant, to or with such Master or Mistress, shall be expired.

twonewstamps

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for ma to be provided, naging the said Duties on starnpt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall, before the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, provide two new Stamps to be used in pursuance of this act, (over Concerning and besides the Stamps heretofore requisite for or in respect of such Indenture, or other Writing, by Vir stamfs, Jafir tue Gf the Statutes in that Case made) the one of which new Stamps shall denote the said Duty of six ta. Pence the Pound, and the other of the said new Stamps shall denote the said Duty of one Shilling in 10 Ann. C 19 the Pound; and that all such Indentures, or other Writings, containing the Sums truly given, paid, & 26. agreed, or contracted for as aforesaid, which shall, within or during the said Term of five Years, be en

12 Aim. Jfat. 1. tree! into, executed, or signed, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Cjz Ann flat 1 Bills of Mortality, shall be brought to the Head Office for stamping or marking of Vellum, Parchment tv and Paper, and the Duties hereby charged and payable for the Sums therein to be inserted as aforesaid

i. C 19. shall be paid to the receiver-general for the Time being, of the said Duties on starnpt Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and upon such Payment thereof, the same shall be stamped with one of the said new

con Forfeiture of double the Sum,

6 Geo. 1. C II Stamps, as the Case shall require,

11 Geo. I. C 8. 3 13

12 Geo. 1. c. 33, 9 Geo. 2. c. 32. 16 Geo. 2. c. 26.

within one Month after the respective Dates thereof.

29 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 13. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19, 32 Geo. 2*

35*

Indentures to be brought to the Head Office, C in 2 Months after Date,

and there the Duty to be paid and Indenture flampt, cor the coile&or to endorse a Receipt, C

And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Indentures, and other Writings, which shall or ought to contain the whole Sum truly given, paid, agreed, or contracted for as aforesaid, which final], within or during the said Term of five Years, be entered into, executed, or signed, in any Part of Great Britain, (not being within the Limits of the said weekly Bills of mortality)'shall (at the Option of the Party concerned) be brought or sent, either to the Head Office within the Limits of the said weekly Bills, or else to some of the Collectors, appointed or to be appointed for her Majesty's Duties upon starnpt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall reside without the Limits of the said weekly Bills, in England, Wales, or the Town of Benvlck upon Tkueed, or to some of the Officers to be appointed for the Duties by this act granted in Scotland, within two Months after the Date, Execution, or Signing of every such Indenture or Writing respectively; upon producing of every such Indenture or Writing, cither at the said Head Office, or to such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid, her Majesty's Duties hereby granted shall be paid, either to the said receiver-general at the said Head Office, or to such Collector or other Officer as aforesaid; in case the said Payment shall be made to the immediate Elands of the receiver-general in the said Head Office, for her Majesty's Use, then the Indenture or Writing, for which such Payment shall be made, shall be forthwith stamped with one of the said new Stamps, as the Case shall require; and in case such Payment shall be made to the Hands of such col jeclor, or other Officer, without the Limits of the said weekly Bills, the same Collector or other Officer is hereby required to indorlc on such Indenture or other Writing, a Receipt for the Moneys so paid, in Words at length, bearing Date the Day on which such Payment shall be made, and to subscribe his Name thereto, (to the Intent that he may thereby be charged with every Sum so paid to himj and forthwith deliver back the said Indenture or Writing so endorsed to the bringer thereof.

XXXVIII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Indenture or Wri Within what tring so endorsed (in case the same be entered into, executed or signed within the Space of fifty Miles, to Time Indentures be computed from the Limits of the said weekly Bills of Mortality) shall, within three Months after the 1, 1311 be ft30'?1' Date or making thereof, and if the same be entered into, executed or signed in any Part of Great Britain

at a greater Difiance from the Limits aforesaid, hall, within six Months after the Date or making thereof, be brought or sent to the said Head Office, where the same (being produced with the said Receipt endorsed) shall be immediately stamped with one of the said new Stamps, as the Case shall require, by the Officer appointed, or to be appointed for that Purpose.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Indentures or Writings Indentures, in as aforesaid, wherein shall not be truly inserted and written the full Sum and Sums of Money received, or 'which the full in any wise directly or indirectly given, paid, secured, or contracted for, with or in Relation to such sumreccive. n n Clerk, Apprentice or Servant as aforesaid, or whereupon the Duties payable by this Act shall not be du arseu' "'c' ly paid, or lawfully tendred, or which shall not be stamped, or lawfully tendred to be stamped, according to the Tenor and true Meaning of this act, within the respective Times herein for that Purpose fe

veially and respectively limited, shall be void, and not available in any Court or Place, or to any Purpose whatsoever, and the Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, whom the same shall concern or relate for, shall in such and Clerk, C Case be utterly incapable of being free of any City, Town, Corporation or Company, and of following incapacitated, or exercising the intended Profession, Trade or Employment; any Charter, Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XL. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any parish or publick Mailer or Mistress with the Payment of any of the said Duties, in respect of any Money by him or her charities not received with any Apprentice or Servant, who shall be put or placed out at the common or public charged. Charge of any Parish or Township, or by or out of any public Charity, or to require the stamping with any such new Stamp as aforesaid, of any Indenture, Articles, Covenant, Agreement, or Contract relating to such Apprentice or Servant as last mentioned; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person shall forge or counter Forging new feit the said new Stamps to be provided in pursuance of this Actor either of them, or impress any Vel stamps Felony, lum, Parchment or Paper with any such counterfeit Stamp, or counterfeit any Receipt for any Moneys payable by Virtue of this Act, every such Person, being convicted of any of the Offences before mentioned, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XLII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner and Officer, Cotaunissioners who shall act in or about the managing or collecting the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, shall, to be fvvorns before he final] act in or about the same, take the Oath following; that is to say,

I A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me pursuant to the Act of Parli The Oath, ament, intituled An a5tfor laying certain Duties upon Gandies, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks and Apprentices, towards raising her Majesty's Supply, for the Tear one thousandj, seven hundred, and ten, without Fraud or Concealment; and shall from Time to Time true Account make of my Doings therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall appoint to receive such Account; and shall take no Fee, Reward or Profit for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons, other than such as shall be paid or allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, or some other Person or Persons under her or them to that Purpose authorised.'

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the Commissioners last mentioned, or any Justice of the Peace.

XLIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Indenture or Writing required No Indenture to by this Act to be stamped as aforesaid, shall be given or admitted in Evidence in any Suit to be brought be admit.ed in by any of the Parties thereunto, unless such Party, on whose Behalf the same final 1 be given or admitted Evidence, unless in Evidence, do. first make Oath, That to the best of his or her Knowledge, the Sum or Sums therein t^sums really for that Purpose inserted or mentioned was or were really and truly all that was directly or inairedlly paid, C given, paid, secured or contrabled for, on Behalf or in Respect of such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant, to or for the Benefit of the Master or Mistress to or with whom such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant was put or placed.

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for mana Commissioners to ging the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and all other Officers who shall be ini observe the employed in or about the collecting or managing of the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, shall Jers of the trea in and for the better Execution of their several Offices and Trusts, observe and perform such Rules, me thods, and Orders, as they respectively shall from Time to Time receive from the Lord High Treasurer now being, or the Lord High Treasurer of the Exchequer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being; and that no See or Reward shall be demanded or taken by any her Majesty's Officers, rela No Tee for ting to the said Stamp Duties, from any of her Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be donestarnps' in pursuance of this Act; and in case any Officer entrusted, or to be intruded in the Execution of this Officer neglect abt, in Relation to the said Stamp Duties, shall refuse or neglect to perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required to be done or performed by him, whereby any of her Majesty's Subjects shall or may sustain mages and xtc

any bje Costs.

Where anything shall be given to any Master, not being Money, the full Value of such Thing to be answered for the Duties.

See farther concerning Duties on Indentures, 9Ami. C zij. 6 6.

borrowingclause of 500, 0001. at 61. percent.

Lenders to have Tallies and Orders struck, C

No See to be demanded

No undue Preference, & C

What shall not be interpreted undue Preference.

C 9. Anno octavo anne Reginae. A.D. 1709.

any Damage whatsoever, duch Officer so offending shall be liable, by any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages with Treble Costs of Suit.

XLV. And be it declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the fair! first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, and during the said five Years, where anything or Things, not being lawful Money of Great Britain, shall directly or indirectly be given, assigned, conveyed, delivered, contracted for. or Secured, to or for the Use or Benefit of any Master or Mistress, with or in Respect of any such Clerk, Apprentice or Servant for whom a Duty is chargeable by this Act j the Duties hereby granted and last mentioned shall he answered and paid for the full Value or Values of such Thing or Things, and the same Duties for the said Values ffiaii be Secured and answered in the same Manner and Form, and under the like Pains, Penalties, Forfeitures and Incapacities as are before in this Act provided for Securing the said Rates upon Moneys given or paid, or agreed to be given or paid, with such Clerks, Apprentices or Servants as aforesaid.

6 Geo. 1. c. 11. izgeot 2. C 22. 20 Geo. 2. c. 45. 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

XLVI. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend unto her Majesty, at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, upon Credit of the said Several Duties, rates and Sums of Money by this Act granted, and to be raised in the Several Farts of Great Britain as aforesaid, any Sums which shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of five hundred thou iand Pounds, and to have and receive for the Forbearance thereof, Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum; and moreover, That no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, shall be rated or assessed by virtue of this Act, or any other Act of Parliament whatsoever.

XLVII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act, and pay the same into the said Receipt of Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tallies; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, at the Rate aforesaid, and to be paid every three Months, until the Repayment of the Principal; and that all such Orders for Repayment of Money to be lent. Snail be registered in Course, according to the Dates respectively, without other Preference of one before another; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall Hand registered in the said Regiiler Books, so as the said Person, Native or Foreigner, his Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, who shall have Order or Orders first entered in the said respective Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted the first Pei Son to be paid out of the Moneys to come in by virtue of this Act; and he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Moneys to come by this Act, of or for the said several Duties, Rates and Sums of Money to be raised in Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be in the same order liable to the Satisfaction of the Moneys to be lent as aforesaid, to the respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise, and shall not br diverted pr divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever, under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein after mentioned; and that no Fee, Reward, or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any her Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of her Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies; on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party aggrieved by the Party offending, with Treble Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such P ee or Reward, then he shall also iofe his Place or Office; and if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, or if any of the said Money shall be diverted or misapplied contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with Damages and Costs to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Office or Place; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Directions or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place or Office; and in Case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells Record, or the Teller make Payment according to each person's due Place and Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt and Costs in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

XLVIII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Orders for Payment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be registered, then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

XLIX. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any undue Preference to incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Peiis record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders before other Per

fojis

399

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Ann Regins. C 10 — 12.

fons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in their Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

L And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be due Orders assign for Loans to be registred by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register, as aforesaid, abic* his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment, to be endorsed and written upon his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit of such Order, or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid for Orders, which the Officers shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge, accordingly make, shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereupon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner Assign again, and so toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignments, to make void, release, and discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

CAP. X

An Act to continue the Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act to explain so much of the Act for prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Anns, C a; Biscuit, and Starch, and Low Wines, Spirits, Worts, and Wash drawn from malted Corn; by which §. 7.

Act the said Commodities are admitted to be carried from the Isle of Wight to several Markets; and for giving Liberty to export certain Quantities of Oatmeal for the Uses of the British Hospitals beyond the Seas. After the second of March 1710. it shall be lawful to export Corn of the Growth of the Me of Wight to Southampton, C in any Vessel whatsoever, but not elsewhere, taking such Cocquets, cas by the former Act. After 1 March 1710. any Person having a Licence from the Queen, may export Oatmeal, not exceeding 400 Bushels for Holland', not exceeding 200 Bushels to Barcelona, and not exceeding the like Quantify to Lijhon, for the Use of the British Troops in those Places.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An Act for making a convenient Dock or Basin at Liverpoole, for the Security of all Ships trading to and from the said Port of Liverpoole. After 24 June 1710. the Piece of Ground granted by the Mayor, &c. of Liverpoole, for making a Wet Dock, shall for ever remain to that Use. The said Mayor, &c. im powered to make a Wet Dock. After the said 24th of June, for 21 Years, shall be paid to the said Mayor, C for every Ship, C (except the queen's) the Rates following: For every Ship trading between the said Port and St. david's Head, or Carlisle, for every Tun twopence; trading between St. david's Head and the land's End, or beyond Carlisle, to any Part in or on this Side the Shetlands, or to and from the Me of Man, for every Tun threepence; trading to Ireland, for every Tun fourpence; trading up the queen's Channel beyond the land's End, or beyond the Shetlands, for every Tun fourpence; trading to Nor tv ay, Denmark, Holjhin, Holland, Hamburg, Flanders, or any Parts of France without the Straights of Gibraltar, or the Islands of Jersey or Guernsey, for every Tun eight Pence; trading to Newfoundland, Greenland, Russia, and within the Baltici, Portugal, and Spain, without the Straights, Canaries, Maderas, Western jjles, Azores, for every Tun twelve Pence; and for every Ship trading to the West Indies, Virginia, or any other Part of America, Africa, Europe, or Afa, within the Straights, or not named before, any Part of Africa without the Straights, or Cape de Verde Isles, for every Tun one Shilling and sixpence. The Mayor, &c. shall be Trustees and make bylaws. No customhouse Officer to make out any Cocquct for any Ship, &c. till the said Duties are paid. The Mailer to produce an Acquittance testifying the Receipt thereof. The Collector may go on board any Ship to demand the Duties, and if refused may distrain the Ship, &c. And if not paid inten Days, then to be appraised and sold, returning the Overplus. nodistress till ten Days after Demand. The Collector to keep a Book to enter Receipts and Payments, and to deliver in his Accounts upon Oath. The Mayor, gc.^may convey the Duties, as a Security for any Sum of Money not exceeding 6000l. After the 24th oi June 17u. no Ballad, &c. to be thrown into the Dock, on Penalty of a Fine not to exceed S /. The Mayor, &c. may put in or displace and Collector, &c. direct the Payments, and inspect the Accounts, call the Collectors, &c. before them, and levy the Arrears, if any, by Distress and Sale, and for want of Distress, commit to Gaol, till paid, or Security given to pay.'Not to extend to hinder the Mayor, &c. from enjoying the waste Ground, or building Cranes, &c. After the Expiration of the 21 Years, one fourth of the Duties shall be paid to the Mayor, &c. Nine Commissioners to be appointed to in.pect the Accounts; who may call the Collectors, &c. before them, and order the disposal of the Moneys; and shall meet at Liverpoole. Ships forced in not to be charged. Nor Ships to or from Chester. Saving to the said Corporation all the Franchises, &c. not herein provided for. Persons sued may plead the General Blue, and give this Act in Evidence; and shall recover Full Coils.

To be taken as a public Act. [Continued by 3 Geo. 1. not printed, and by 11 Geo. 2. c. 32.]

PR.

Anno octavo Annje Regina?, A.D. 1709.

CAP. XIII.

An act for continuing several Impositions, additional Impositions, and Duties upon Goods imported to raise Money by "Way of Loan, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for taking of the Overlea Duty on Coals exported in British Bottoms; and for better preventing Frauds in Drawbacks upon Certificate Goods, and for ascertaining the Duties of Corans imported in Venetian Ships; and to give further Time to Foreign Merchants for Exportation of certain Foreign Goods imported; and to limit a Time for Prosecutions upon certain Bonds given by Merchants; and for continuing certain Fees of the Officers of the Customs; and to prevent Imbezilments by such Officers; and for appropriating the Moneys granted to her Majesty; and for replacing Moneys paid or to be paid for making good any Deficiencies on the Annuity acts; and for Encouragement to raise Naval Stores in her Majesty's Plantations; and to give further Time for registring Debentures, as is therein mentioned.

OST gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons _ of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, for the better enabling your Majesty to defray the Duties j>rjfing by Charge of this present war, and to finish the same as successfully as the the said War hath hitherto

For the Application of the

this Act, see9 Annge, C 21 §6.

(through the Divine Goodness) been carried on, and for other your majesty's most necessary and important Occasions, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this act give and grant to your Majesty the several and respective Subsidies, Impositions and Duties herein after particularly de feribed, for and during the Terms herein after expressed; do most humbly beseech your Majesty impositions on that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queens most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad wines and Vine vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament aflem gar, luriher con bled, and by Authority of the same, That the several Impositions and Duties upon Wines and Vinegar, madeaier srante^ by an Act made in the first year of the Reign of his late Majesty King James the Second, intituled, peiua'l by g" 1 er An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Wines and Vinegar imported between the twenty fourth Anns, CII Bay of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five and the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand six hun j Jac. 2. C 3. dred ninety three, which said Act by several subsequent Acts of Parliament fmee made, was continud, and is to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall by virtue of this Act be further continued, and be payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Wines, and Vinegar, which shall be imported into Great Britain from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and no 1 Jac. 2. C 3. longer; and that the said Act so made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James the Second, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained, for or concerning the said Impositions on Wines and Vinegar, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and shall he applied practised, and exe, cuted, for raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties upon Wines and Vinegar. hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things in the said Act of the first Year of the Reign of the said King James the Second contained, had been again in this Act repeated and particularly enacted.

impositmnson IE And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Rates, Duties, and Impositions upon Tobacco, further all Sorts of Tobacco, granted by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the said late King James continued to 1 the Second, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Imposition upon all Tobacco and Sugar imported between the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred eighty-five and the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand six hundred ninety three, which said Act, as for and concerning the said Dufies and Impositions upon Tobacco only, by several subsequent Acts of Parliament since made, was continued, and is to continue until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall by virtue of this Act be further continued and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Tobacco to bs imported into Great Britain from the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and no longer.

III. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty bacco to be levi upon Tobacco, which shall be imported within the Times by this Act limited, and all Arrears thereof, ifvw 3s bo secured, collected, raised, levied, answered and paid to her Majesty, in such Method, and with

1 3'C, I. such Discount and Allowances, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties, as are mentioned, referred to, or prescribed (as to the Duties or Impositions on Tobacco) in and by the Ad made in the Parliament holden in the seventh Year of the Reign of King William the Third, (of

glorious Memory) intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wins, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War agahifl France, and not otherwise.

fonhet^ontinu" be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several additional and other Rates,

J, o" Aug" Impositions, Duties and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes granted by an Act 1720. 2 w. & made in the second Year of the Reign of King William the Third and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act'

m. n. 2. C 4. 1 for

made perpetual by9 Anna?, CII

Aug. 1720. r Jac. 2. C 4. made perpetual by9 Annae, C 21. §. 1, 2, 3.

Duties on Toad.

1709. Anno octavo Ann Reginae. C 13. 401

for granting to their Majesties certain Impositions upon all east-india Goods and Merchandizes, and upon all wrought Silks, and several other Goods and Merchandizes to be imported after the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand six hundred and ninety, and which thereby, and by several Acts of Parliament already made, have Continuance until the first Day of Augiifl one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall be further continued and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon the like Commodities to be imported into Great Britain, from the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that the said Act made in the second Year of their late Majesties Reign concerning east-india Goods, and other Things therein charged, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained, shall continue and be of full Force and Effect, until the feld Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering and paying the said respective Duties hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present at, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the said lad mentioned at, and all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, had been again repeated and particularly enabled; except only as to such Part of the said Acts concerning the said Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, Tobacco, east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, touching which other Provisions or Alterations are made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Force; which other Provisions or Alterations are to be observed, and to continue during the Continuance of this Act, and the said Act, intituled,

An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wine and Vinegar, and upon Tobacco and East 7 & gw.j, cio. India Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War against France, and every Article, made p: rpetual Clause, Matter, and Thing therein contained, for the raising, levying, securtng, answering, and pay. by9 Anna;, C ing the Impositions and Duties on the Merchandizes and Commodities thereby charged, and which are1 § u by this Act continued, shall be of full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the additional and other Rates, Duties, Additional Im

Impositions, and Charges upon the several Sorts of Goods and Merchandizes granted by an Act of Par roft further con liament made in the fourth Year of their said late Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their tmued to 1ajjs majesties certain additional Impositions upon several Goods and Merchandizes, for prosecuting the present War ^7^' 4 5 "

agaitift France, which by several subsequent Acts of Parliament already made, have Continuance until the made'pe'rpe tual first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall, by virtue of this Act, be further con by9 Ann, C tinued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, throughout Great Britain, 2i § i from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the first Day of Augifil one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and no longer; and that the said Act last mentioned, and all the Powers, 4w, MC. j; Provisions Penalties, Articles and Clauses therein contained, (except as is herein after is excepted and provided) as for and concerning the said Rates, Duties, and Impositions, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and shall be applied practised, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said Duties hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as if the said last mentioned Act, and all and every the Clauses, Matters and Things therein mentioned, had been again repeated, and particularly enacted in this present Act. Provided also, That in all Cases where any other Provision or Alteration is made by any Act or Acts of Parliament now in Being, in or about any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Act of Parliament for the Impositions last mentioned, such other Provisions or Alterations shall be observed, during the Continuance of the Term hereby granted; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted, That the several Impositions and Duties, for and upon all Whale Duties on whale fins imported, which by an Act of Parliament in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King sins, further con w ili.i am the Third, intituled, An Actj or taking away Half the Duties imposed on Glass Wares, and the wl. ole tlnuclj to 1 aus duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen ivares, and Tobacco Pipes, and for granting in lieu thereof, new Duties on Jfi°' fil 10 whale sins and Scotch Linen, were granted to his said late Majesty King William, and by subsequent made perpetual Acts already passed have Continuance until the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and six by9 Anna;, f. teen, shall be and are hereby continued and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, upon alli. § r whale sins to be imported into Great Britain, from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and

sixteen to the first Day of Augifil one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and no longer; and shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties, as are mentioned in the said Act for granting the said Impositions on whale hns and Sco'ch Linen; which ATI with all the Powers, Provisoes, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, or thereby referred to, shall continue and be in full Force until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and shall be applied, practised, and put in Execution, for raising and levying the said Duties on whale fins hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, as fully and effectually as if all the Clauses, Matters, and Things therein contained, concerning the said Duties on whale fins, V ere repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present act.

VII. And whereas the said Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, which were first granted ijac. 2. c.j X 4,

to King James the Second in the first Year of his Reign, and the said Impositions on east-india 2 w. & m.seir.

Goods, and other Goods charged therewith, which were first granted to their late Majesties King Will 2-t'4'

liam and Queen Mary in the second Year of their p.eign, and the said additional Impositions, which ifi* C s'

were first granted to them in the fourth Year of their Reign, and the said Duties on whale fins im9', 45'

ported, which were granted to his said late Majesty King William in the ninth Year of his Reign,

were by several subsequent acts of Parliament continued, with some Exceptions and Alterations as afore, Vol. IV F f f said,

402 C 13. Anno octavo anne Reginae. A.D. 1709.

said, until the first Day of Augiifl one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, in the Manner therein mentioned, and are thereby made subject and liable (together with such other Duties as are therein express ' ed) to the Satisfaction of several principal Sums which were borrowed, or authorised to be borrowed, ' upon those Acts respectively, and the Interest due, and to be due for the same, which Principal and Interest are to be duly paid off and discharged in the first Place: Now it is hereby further declared and en after the Prin acted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the Time that all the Principal and pal, see. of the n(; erect Moneys, which by the said former Adds, or any of them, are charged or chargeable on the several dtfeharee/ ihv* Impositions and Duties last particularly mentioned (jointly with other Duties) as aforesaid, shall be fully several Duties paid off and satisfied according to the true Meaning of the said former Adds, or that sufficient Money shall apropriated for be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose; all the Moneys which from thenceforth shall arise by the uses of this the said Impositions upon Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, which were firid granted to King James the Second in the firfd Year of his Reign, and the said Impositions on East India Goods, and other Goods charged therewith, which were first granted to their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary in the second Year of their Reign, and the said additional Impositions which were first granted to them in the fourth Year of their Reign, and the said Duties on Whale Fins imported, which were granted to his late Majesty King William in the ninth Year of his Reign, for the Remainders of the Terms formerly granted, and therein then to come and unexpired (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) shall from time to time be paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer distinctly, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and for no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever. Borrowing

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be

Clause at 61. per lawful to and for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance Cent or lend to her Majesty, at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, as well upon Credit of the abovementioned

Impositions and Duties by this Act granted or continued, as also upon Credit of the Moneys which by the said former Acts, after Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest thereupon, as aforesaid, shall arise by the Impositions and Duties thereby granted, any Sums which shall not exceed in the Whole one million two hundred and ninty six thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds nine Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions; that all the Lenders of such Sums respectively shall have and receive Interest, for the Forbearance thereof, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum; and that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, shall be taxed, rated or assessed by any Act of Parliament whatsoever;

Lenders to have

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall lend any Mo tallies and Orney upon such Credit, as aforesaid, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediate ly have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tallies; in or upon which Order shall also be contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, at the Rate aforesaid, and to be paid every three Months, until Repayment of the Principal; and that all such Orders for Repayment of Money to be lent, shall be registered in Course, according to their Dates respectively, without other Preference of the one before another; and that all and every Person or Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall stand registered in the said Register Book, so as the said Person, Native or Foreigner, his, her or their Executors, Administrators, Successors or Assigns, who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders first entered in the said respective Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted the first Person to be paid out of the Moneys to come in by this Act; and he, she or they who shall have his, her or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; and that the Moneys to come in, of or for the several Impositions or Duties by this Act granted or continued, as aforesaid, as also the Moneys, which by the said former Acts (after Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest thereupon, as aforesaid) shall arise by the Impositions and Duties thereby granted, as aforesaid, shall be liable in the same Order to the Satisfaction of the Moneys to be lent, as aforesaid, to the respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, Successors and Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another, and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to No See for En art oti, er Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirect tries, C ly be demanded or taken of any of her Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof, as aforesaid, by any of her Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of Treble Damages to the Party grieved by the Party offending, with Treble Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then he shall also lose his Place or Office; or if No undue Pre any undue Peference of one before another shall be made either in Point of Registry or Payment, or if any

ference, cof the said Money shall be diverted or misapplied contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such

Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt, or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Efebt, with Damages and Costs to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Office and Place; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without the direction or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs, and shall be for ever after incapable of his Place and Office; and in Case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not director the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment according to each person's due Place and Order, as before directed, then he or they shall he adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt and Costs, in such Manner as aforesaid; which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any of their Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Suit or Information, in any of her maj.esty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein

no

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Annje Reginae. C 13. 403

no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, shall in any wise be granted or allowed.

X Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or Or wiut shall not ders for Payment, as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt to be interpreted be registered, then it ball he interpreted no undue Preference which of those he entered first, so as he undue pic enters them all the same Day. Provided also, That it hall not be interpreted any undue Preference to fcrcnc<s incur any Penalty in Point of Payment, if the Auditor director the Clerk of the Pells record, or the

Tellers do pay subsequent Orders to Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in their Course, so as that there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders, which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them, Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XI. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons to whom any Money shall be Ordew affigti due for Loans to be registered by Virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register, as afore able

Paid, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Alignment, to be endorsed and writ,

upon his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order or any Part thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid, for Orders, which the Officer shall, upon Request, without Fee or Charge accordingly make, shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may, in like Manner, assign again, and so toties quoties; and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made such Assignment, to make void, release and discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due, or any Part thereof.

XII. And whereas in and by one Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, a Credit was given for 5 Anna?, C if, ' any Sums not exceeding eight hundred twenty-two thousand three hundred eighty one Pounds fif §12.

teen Shillings and sixpence Farthing; and by another Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign Anna?, C 19, ' a further Credit was given for any Sums not exceeding seven hundred twenty-nine thousand and sixty C j

seven Pounds fifteen Shillings and sixpence three Farthings; and by another Act of theteventh Year C

of her Majesty's Reign a further Credit was given for any Sums, not exceeding six hundred fortyfive thousand Pounds, to be borrowed upon those Acts respectively, at an Interest after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon the several Subsidies, Impositions, and Duties in the same Acts respectively mentioned; and the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are by the same Acts respectively authorised and directed to cause the Officers of the Exchequer to receive from time to time, by way of Loan, at the like Interest, at the said Receipt, any

further Sum or Sums of Money, as should be sufficient to make good the Payment of all the Interest Moneys appointed or allowed by the same Acts respectively, every three Months, until the Subsidies,

Impositions, and Duties therein mentioned should come into the Exchequer, and be sufficient for that Purpose, pursuant to the Intent and true Meaning of the same Acts respectively: 'Now it is hereby provided

and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be con This Act not to strued to extend to the taking away, altering or lessening the said Power and Direction of borrowing Mo prejudice the Southeast. nies to make the Payment of the said Interest Moneys every three Months, until the said Subsidies, Impo curitj of the fitions and Duties, in the said respective Acts mentioned, shall come in, and be sufficient for that Purpose, Acts 5> 6>& 7 as aforesaid, or in any wise to alter or prejudice the Security given by the said several Acts of the fifth, Annas'

sixth and seventh Years of her Majesty's Reign, or any of them, for the Payment and Satisfaction of the same, or any other Principal and Interest Moneys, which were secured, or intended to be secured by the same Acts respectively; but that the Orders for the same shall be registered in Course, and paid in the same Manner, upon each and every of those Acts, as if this Act had never been made; this present Act, or anything therein contained, or any other Matter or Thing whatsoever to the contrary ill any wise notwithstanding

And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of their said late 7 & V m

King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties certain Rates C 7,

and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale., and other Liquors, for fecunng certain Recompenses and Advantages in the said Act mentioned, to such Persons as shall voluntarily advance the Sum of ten hundred thousand Pounds,

towards carrying on the jpar against France, certain Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt were granted from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety four until the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven, by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign

of his said late Majesty King William, intituled, An Act for continuing to his Majesty certain Duties upon 7&3w.3. C 31,

Salt, Glass Wares, Stone and Earthen Wares, and for granting several Duties upon Tobacco Pipes, and other Earthen Wares, for carrying on the War against France, and for establishing a National Land Bank, and for taking off the Duties upon Tonnage of Ships, and if on Coals the same Rates and Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt were granted or continued to be paid to his said late Majesty, his Heirs and successors, Kings

and Queens of England, for ever; and by an Act made in the first Year of her now majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and for Jreserving the public Credit, the said Hereditary at'*

Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt are (amongst other Things) appropriated and directed to be applied to wards making good certain deficient Funds therein mentioned, by the Payment and Satisfaction of all the Principal Moneys thereupon, then really due, and all Interest Moneys due and to grow due for the same in the Manner therein mentioned, as by the same Acts may severally appear Now to the end a Provision may be made for or towards the better Payment of the Interest Moneys, which shall grow due by this present Act every three Months, for all the Moneys which shall be advanced or lent thereupon;

F f f z it

4o4- C 13.

After all the Moneys secured by the Act 1 Anns, are paid off, then the Duties on halt, C by 7 & S W. 3. shall be applied to this Act.

Clause of Loan to secure the intermediate Interest.

Anno octavo Ann ^2 Regins.

A.D. 1709.

ovetfea Duties on Coals in british Bottoms, after 25 Dec. 1710. to cease, 6 Annae, C 22.

Concerning Duty on Coal, see farther 9 Ann, C 6.

22. 12 Ann, % gto, I. C 9. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 30 Go?. 2. C 19./. 28.

Clause to prevent Frauds in Drawbacks upon cer ticate Goods.

See 12 Anna?, flat. 2. C 8.

§. 12. & 5 Geo. 1. C 11, §. 5,

it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Time that all the Principal and Interest Moneys secured by the said Act of the first Year of her said majesty's Reign, intituled An act for making good Deficiencies, and fior preserving the publick Credit, shall be fully paid off and fafisfied, or that sufficient Moneys shall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose, then all the Moneys which from thenceforth until the said first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our. Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, hall arise, or be due, or payable, or be secured, or in Arrear, of and for the foresaid Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt, granted or continued by the said Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third as aforesaid (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) shall, from time to time be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, and shall be issued and applied, so far as the same will extend, to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of the Interest which shall, from time to time, grow due for the Moneys which shall be lent upon or in pursuance of this Act, or of any the Powers or Clauses therein contained, and to none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Treasurer of the Exchequer for the time being (or any three or more of the commissioner of the Treasury for the time being) and they are hereby authorised and directed to cause the Officers of the said Receipt of the Exchequer to receive, from time to time, by way of Loans, from any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, willing to make the same at the said Receipt, such further Sum and Sums of Money (over and above the Sums which shall be lent for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions as aforesaid) as shall be sufficient, together with the Moneys coming in by the Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt as aforesaid, to complete and make good the full Payment of all the interest.monies due or payable by this Act, or by any Clause therein contained, every three Months, until the said Impositions and Duties granted by this Act, or the Arrears arising by the said former Acts, or any of them, first happening, shall come into the Exchequer, and be sufficient for that Purpose, pursuant to the true Intent and Meaning hereof; and that the Loans so to be made for the said intermediate Interest, shall bear the like Interest, and shall be free from Taxes, and the Principal thereof shall be paid in Course, according to the Dates of the respective Tallies for the same, and the Interest thereof, every three Months, out of the Duties granted, and other Provisions made by this Act, in the same Manner, and as fully and effectually as if such Loans were Part of the said Sum not exceeding one million two hundred ninety six thousand five hundred fifty-two Pounds nine Shillings and eleven Pence three Farthings, hereby authorised to be lent as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XV. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, 'An Act for continuing several Duties therein mentioned upon Cofee, Chocolate, Spices, Pictures, and Muslins £ additional Duties upon several of the said Commodities, and certain Duties upon Calicoes, China Wares, and Drugs, and for continuing the Duties called the two "Third Subsidies of Tonnage and Poundage, for preserving the publick Credit; and for ascertaining the Duties of Coals exported to Foreign Parts; and for securing the Cre dit of the Bank tj/england; and for pafng several Accounts of Taxes raised in the County a/'monmouth; and for promoting the Consumption of such Tobacco as shall have paid her Majesty's Duties; it is amongst other Things enacted, That all Coals exported beyond the Seas, from and after the End of the then present Session of Parliament until the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, and from thence to the end of the then next Session of Parliament, from Great Britain in British Bottoms, ' shall only pay three Shillings the Chaldron, and after that Rate for greater or lester Quantities; any for mer Law or Statute to the contrary notwistanding, as by the same Act more at large may appear: And whereas the said Duty is a great Hindrance to the British) Navigation, and lessens the Exportation of Coals from Great Britain to Parts beyond the Seas; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai from and after the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, the said Duty of three Shillings per Chaldron shall cease, and be no longer paid; anything in the said act to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas by the Laws of this Realm, every Person importing Tobacco, and other Foreign Goods, from any Part of Great Britain, is intituled to a Drawback of Part of the Duties paid or secured at the Importation thereof; and it hath been found by Experience, that great Quantities of such To ' hacco and other Foreign Goods after they have been shippedfor Exportation, have been privately re landed in this e.ea'm; and the Remedies already provided by Law, have not been sufficient to obviate ar Practice so very prejudicial to her Majesty's Revenue, and to all fair and honest Traders in such Goods For the better Prevention whereof for the future. Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the seven and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, in case any Tobacco, or other Foreign Goods, contained or specified in any Certificate whereupon any such Drawback is to be made, or whereupon any Debenture is to be made forth for any such Drawback, shall not be really and bona fide shipped and exported (the Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) or shall be' landed again in any Part of Great Britain, unless in case of Distress to save the Goods from perishing shall be presently made known to the Person or Persons which are or shall be appointed by her Majesty to manage her Customs, or principal Officers of the Port; then not only all such Tobacco and other certificate Goods shall be forfeited and lost, but also the Person or Persons (being the Exporters, or any others) who shall bring back, or cause, or procure to be re landed such Tobacco, and other certificate Goods, or any of them, in any Part of Great Britain, or be assisting, or otherwise concerned in the unshipping the f.rne, or to whose Hands the same shall knowingly come, after the unshipping thereof, or' by whose Privity, Knowledge or Direction the said Tobacco and other Goods, or any Part thereof, shall

he

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Annve Reginae. C 13. 405

fore landed, shall forfeit double the Amount of the said Drawback for such Goods, together with the Such Goo re" vessels and Boats, and all the Horses or other Cattle and Carriages whatsoever, made use of in the Land j, 1"/jonbi the ing. Removing, Carriage or Conveyance of the same; one Moiety of all which Penalties or Forfeitures Value of the shall be to the Use of her Majesty, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall inform, seize or sue Drawback, with for the same, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at the vessel.&c. Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, at any Time or Times within five Years after the^z', cs by Offence shall be committed; wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Latv shall be allowed.'aa^bedeter

mined by two Justices of the Peace, 8 Geo. C is. §. l6.

XVII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Officer of the Customs shall connive or assist in any Officers conni fraud, relating to such certificate Goods as aforesaid, such Officer (over and above any other Penalties tvjj8'al" d*fac, a to which he is or may be liable by this or any other Act) shall forfeit his Office, and be rendered inca fonedfor g71*111" pable of serving her Majesty for the future, and suffer six Months Imprisonment, without Bail or Main Months, prize; and if any Master, Commander or other Person belonging to any Ship or Vessel, shall assist in, or Mailer conni connive at the fraudulent landing any such certificate Goods as aforesaid, he, she or they (over and above imprifune all other Penalties provided by this or any other Act or Acts now in force) shall for every such Offence for Months, suffer Imprisonment by the Space of six Months, without Bail or Mainprize.

XVIII. And for preventing the running of Tobacco into this. Kingdom, under Pretence of exporting No Debenture the same to Ireland; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Debenture shall be paid or allowed for any Tobacco exported from any Port of Great Britain, to the Kingdom of Ireland, until a Certifi Certificate from cate shall be produced under the Hands and Seals of the Collector, Comptroller, and Surveyor of the Cuf the coleftor, toms of any Port in Ireland, or any two of them, where such Goods shall be landed, testifying the land. in Ireland, ing thereof, (the Danger of the Seas or Enemies excepted) any Law to the contrary notwithstanding; f the landing which Certificate the Collector, Comptroller, and Searcher of the Customs, or any two of them, of each Port in Ireland, are empowered and required to deliver forthwith, upon the Discharge of such Tobacco, Ai. 21, and not to take above one Shilling Fee for making out and Delivery of such Certificate. percent, to be'

allowed for Tobacco exported to Ireland in case of Wade. Sees i s.

XIX. And as a further Security of her Majesty's Revenues, both in Great Britain and Ireland, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master of every Ship carrying such certificate Goods to Ire ^nrfcate goods land, shall demand and take from the Collector of every respective Port of Great Britain, a Duplicate of ^elan/to rake his Content in Writing, certified under the Hand and Seal of the Collector and Comptroller of such Port a Duplicate of (which said Duplicate the Collector and Comptroller of each Port in Great Britain, are hereby required his Content from to deliver to every Master, without Fee or Reward) and such Master shall be obliged to deliver such Du the Collector, plicate to the Officers of the Customs in Ireland on his Arrival, before he be permitted to land such Goods there,

XX. And whereas an illegal Trade is usually carried on in small Vessels or Boats; ' Be it enacted by nodebenturefor the Authority aforesaid, That no Debenture shall be made forth, nor any Drawback be paid or allowed Tobacco exporc for any Tobacco exported to any Place, in any Ship or Vessel under the Burden of twenty Tuns; any ed" any Ship Law, Statute, or Usage, to the contrary notwithstanding so Tuns.

XXI. And whereas by an Exception or Clause contained in an Act made in the third Year of her Recital of 3 &4 Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to her majesty a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes Anns, C 5.

imported, it was provided, That such Corans as should be imported in Eqglish built shipping, navigated

according to Law, Should be exempted from paying the Two thirds Subsidy granted by the said Act: And whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for continuing an act Anns, C 6.

ditional Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage, it was amongst other Things enacted and declared, That the Exception contained in the aforesaid Act, whereby Corans imported in English built Shipping, navigated according to Law, were exempted from the said Duty, should be extended to such Corans as, after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and six, should be imported in Ships be longing to any of the Subjects of the Republic of Venice, so that they also should be exempted from Payment of the Two thirds Subsidy granted by the aforesaid Act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding: whereas by an act made in the nxth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for 6 Ann, C 23.

continuing the several Duties therein mentioned, the said Two thirds Subsidies were continued for three

Years, from the seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eight, with an Exception as to

Corans imported in Englisht built Shipping, according to the said Act of the third Year of her Majesty's 3*4 Anns;

Reign, and no Notice is taken of the Explanation thereof in the said Act of the fourth of her Majesty'sc' C g

Reign, as to Venetian Shipping also, whereby some Doubts have arisen, whether Corans imported in Ve 4' nna?'

netian Shipping ought to be exempted from the Continuation of the Two thirds Subsidy, according to the

Provision before recited in the said Act of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, extending the Ex ' emption to them: preventing which Doubts, and in Regard it would be very hard to rellrain the Subjects of Venice from importing the Goods of their own Growth in their own Shipping; 'Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause in the Act of the fourth Year of the queen's Reign, for exempting Corans imported in Venetian Shipping from paying the Duty of corans impor Two thirds Subsidy, was intended, and is to be understood, from the time of passing the same Act, to be a in Venetian perpetual Clause attending the Continuation of that Duty, and not limited unto the first Grant thereof; hips to

anything in the said Act of the sixth, or Hi any other subsequent Act, to the contrary in any wife4ann$ notwithstanding.

XXII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the second and third Year of the Recital of 2 & 3 ' Reign of her present Majesty our most gracious Sovereign Lady Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for Anns, C g.

granting

406 C 13. Anno octavo anne Reginae. A.D. 1709.

granting to her Majesty an additional Suhjidy of Tonnage and Poundage for three Years, and for laying a further Duty upon French I Vines condemned as lawful Prize, and for ascertaining the Value of unrated Goods imported from the East Indies, it is therein, amongst other Things, enacted, That all english Merchants should,

from and after the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and three, have eighteen Months Time allowed them from the Entry inwards for the Exportation of all Tobacco, Sugar, Ginger, Pepper,

Bugles, Call and Bar iron, Dying Wood, Dying Wares, and Drugs, and should have the like Benefit and Drawback by fuel) Exportations, as if the same had been exported within twelve Months: And whereas the Time allowed to Foreigners for Exportation of such Goods is limited to nine Months, Foreign Mer ' which by Experience is found to be too short, and very inconvenient to Trade Be it therefore enacted chamonths3ve the Authority aforesaid, That all Foreign Merchants, or all British Merchants commissioned by them, tme°forexpor shall. from and after the seven and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, have fif tation of certain teen Months Time from the Entry Inwards of all Tobacco, Sugar, Ginger, Pepper, Bugles, Call and Foreign Goods. Bar Iron, Dying Wood, Dying Wares, and Drugs (already imported or to be imported) allowed them

These fifteen to export the same, and shall have the like Benefit and Drawback by such Exportation, as if the same

t^years d een exported within nine Months, according to the second Rule in the Book of Rates; 'the said by 7 Geo. 1.'Rule, or any other Law or Custom now in Force relating thereunto notwithstanding: Provided certi rtat. 1. CII fieates be taken forth, and Oath made, and all other Requisites performed, according to the Laws now in §10. Being.

clause to limit a 4

XXIII. And whereas the Laws of this Realm do require. That for Ships trading to or in her Majesty's Time for Prose Plantations, lading Sugars and other enumerated Commodities there. Bonds be given, which are com p" antation°n*monb' called Plantation Bonds, with Condition to bring the same Goods to Great Britain, or to some

Bonds. ' other of her Majesty's Plantations, or to that effet: Now to prevent the Discouragement which Persons

13. Car. 3. C i3. 4 trading to and from the said Plantations do or may lie under by the said Bonds lying out again! them, 32 & 23 Car. z. 4 although the Conditions thereof are or shall have been performed; ' Be it enacted by the Authority C '(' That as to such of the said Plantation Bonds as have been entered into at any Time or Times

25 Car. 2. C 7. before tjje eight and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred an ten, and are now remaining Concerning Plan in the Hands of any of her Majesty's Officers, in case there shall be no Prosecution for some Breach or, atamci&' nonperformance of the respective Conditions thereof before the eight and twentieth Day of March one 27. " "io Am. thousand seven hundred and thirteen, or if upon such Prosecution Judgement be not obtained for her Mari. 22 & 26. jesty before the eight and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, then such of Geo. 1. C II the said Plantation Bonds, so already entered into, shall (for want of such Prosecution or Judgement) be

5 Geo. 1. c. 12. voi(j; an£j as to such Plantation Bonds as shall be entered into after the said eight and twentieth Day of

1 Gra*' March one thousand seven hundred and ten, in case there shall be no Prosecution for some Breach or Non

5 Geo. 2. performance of the respective Conditions thereof, within three Years after the Dates thereof, or if upon r. 7 f 9. such Prosecution as is last mentioned Judgement be not obtained for her Majesty within the Space of two

6 Geo. 2. c. 13. Years after the same Prosecution commenced; then every such Plantation Bona, which shall hereafter be

Gm. 2. C 19. entered into as aforesaid (in Default of such Prosecution to be commenced, and Judgement to be obtained^Grt" w't^'n the Times before limited) shall also be void: And all the said Plantation Bonds so made void by

fcf 33" "^Geo. this at, shall be delivered up by the Officers having the same in their keeping, to be cancelled, with 2. C 51 & 53. out See or Reward.

2 q Geo. 2. c. 5 & 35-. 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

Orupon wrought '

XXIV. And whereas by an Act made in the eleventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Commodities, King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the more effectual employing the Poor, by encouraging the mmttoned^in ' Manufactures of this Kingdom, upon the Exportation of wrought Silks, and other Commodities therein 71 & 12 w. 3. mentioned, Security is to be taken in the Manner therein expressed: Now in Regard it may happen some C jo. 4 of these Goods may be vended in Foreign Parts, from which no Certificate can be produced, as the said Act requires, to discharge the Security last mentioned; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to such of the Securities last mentioned, as have been entered into at any Time or Times, before the Eight and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, and are now remaining in the Hands of any of Iter majesty's Officers, in case there shall be no Prosecution for some Breach, or Nonperformance of the respective Conditions thereof, before the eight and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, or if upon such Prosecution judgement be not obtained for her Majesty before the eight and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fifteen; then such of the said Securities so already entered into upon Exportation of fuel] Silks, and other Commodities last mentioned, shall (for want of such Prosecution or Judgement) be void; and as to such Securities as shall be entered into, after the said eight and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, upon Exportation of such wrought Silks, and other Commodities as are last mentioned, in Case there shall be no Prosecution for some Breach, or nonperformance of the respective Conditions thereof, within three Years after the Dates thereof, or if upon such Prosecution as is last mentioned. Judgement be not obtained for her Majesty within the Space of two Years after the same Prosecution commenced; then every such Security relating to wrought Silks or such other Goods as are last mentioned, which shall hereafter be entered into as aforesaid, (in Default of such Prosecution to be commenced, and Judgement to be obtained within the Times before limited) shall also be void; and all such Securities so made void by this Act, shall be delivered up by the respective Officers, having the same in their keeping, to be cancelled without Fee or Reward.

Officer not Mi

XXV. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of her Majesty's Revering of such venue, having the Custody of any of the Bonds by this Act required to be' delivered up to be cancelled as Bonos to pay Da aforesaid,

[Treble Costs.]

zaages and

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo anne Reginae. C 13. 407

aforesaid, shall upon reasonable Demand refuse or neglect to deliver up such Bonds, according to the Purport and true Meaning of this al, then the Officer so offending shall for every such Offence be and is hereby made liable to answer to the party.grieved all his Damages, together with Treble Costs of Suit.

6 XXVI. And in regard the Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage on Merchandizes exported is to de termine from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten, but it is nevertheless necessary, that the respective Officers of the Customs, as well outwards as inwards, do continue to perform the Duties of their respective Offices, as well to prevent Frauds in Relation to the Drawbacks upon certificate Goods, as to hinder the Exportation of Goods prohibitted to be exported, and for other Causes wherein the public Service is or may be concerned; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fees of the Officers of the Customs, as well in the Port of London as in other Ports of Custnm Feci all. Great Britain, which were established or allowed by the al of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the 1(?^e'i2by 13 twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, or by any of the Rules annexed thereunto, or coratina=a tillal by any Act or Acts of Parliament since made, touching any such Fees, and which may lawfully be taken tereo by parlia by any such Officers, or their Deputies, from any her Majesty's Subjects or Strangers, until the first Day ment. of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, for any Coccjuets, Certificates, Entries, Clearings, Bonds,

Debentures, Endorsements, Sufferances, Transires, let passes, Warrants, and other Matters and Things relating to the Duties of their Respective Offices, shall after the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten continue, and be paid and payable for the same, until the said Sees, or any of them shall be altered by the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament, as fully as if the said Fees, or any Table or Tables thereof formerly allowed, were particularly set down, or referred to in the Body of this Act;, the Determination of the said Subsidy outwards, or any Act or Acts of Parliament, or other Matter or Thing to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer or Officers of the Customs, Officer imfieril shall, contrary to his Duty, imbezil any Goods or Merchandizes lodged in any Warehouse, in his or their ling any Goods, Custody or Possession, such Officer and Officers, for every such Offence, shall forfeit double the Value double of the Goods so imbezilled, to the Parties grieved, with full Costs, to be recovered as other Penalties by puen ca^s'w1' this Act are recoverable.

XXVIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto Appropriation of her Majesty, on one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Ma the Moneys given jessy, to be raised by a Land Tax 'in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and this Session.

ten, and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise, and remain after all 8 Aoaa> C Loans made or to be made upon that Act, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for the raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto her Majesty, upon another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for g Anna, C the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, and so much Money of the said Duties of Malt,

Mum, Cyder, and Perry, thereby granted, as shall arise and remain, after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred ordiredled to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charge thereby allowable for raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Money arisen or to arise by another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for continuing Part of the Duties upon Coals, Culm, and Cynders, 8 Annate, 4, and granting new Duties upon Houses having twenty Windows or more, to raise the Sum of fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and all the Money arisen or to arise by another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to j Anna, C 7. her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commodities, and for establishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, to raise nine hundred thousand Pounds, by Sale of Annuities; and (in Default thereof) by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and all the"

Moneys lent or to be lent unto ner Majesty upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given, with Clerks and Ap 8 Anns:, 0. g prentices, towards raising her Majesty's Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the Sums intended to be raised by Loans, in pursuance of this present Act; shall be appropriated for or towards the several Uses and Purposes herein after expressed: is to say, For or towards the defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear, and other Services of the Navy, and the victualling thereof, performed and to be performed; and for the Sea Service in the Office of the Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the Land Service, performed and to be performed by the Office of the Ordnance, including the Charge of the Fortifications of Gibraltar, and to and for Subsistence, off reckonings and Clearings for one Year, from the three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nine, to her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and the contingent Charges of the same, and for Payment of Invalids for the said Year, beginning from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nine; and for or towards the defraying the Charges of her Majesty's Army, and such Forces as are or shall be added thereunto in the Low Countries, or Germany, within or for one Year, to be reckoned from the said three and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and nine, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of three thousand Palatines, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General for the Year one thousand' seven hundred and ten; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of four thousand six hundred thirty-nine Saxons, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge 1 of

408 C 13.

Anno octavo anne Reginae.

A.D. 1709.

Clause for replacing Moneys paid for making good any Deficiencies t on ihe Annuity Act s. C

1 Annas, fiat. 2.

C 5. C

2 ft 3 Annas, C

C 3.

3 ft Annas,

C 2. 4

5 Annas, C 19. C

6 Annas, C 5 C. 11.

2 Annas, C 7.

Clause to encourage the rising Naval Stores in her majesty ts Plantations.

3 ft Anns?,

C 20,

of bothnia's Regiment of Dragoons, consisting of eight hundred Men, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of the Troops of Augmentation, which have been resolved to be continued for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for defraying the Charge of maintaining the Forces in her Majesty's Pay, to serve in Spain and Portugal or elsewhere, for the Service of the said Year one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for or towards the Payment of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies due upon Treaties made or to be made with her Majesty's Allies, and other Charges for the Service of the War, for any Time before or until the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ten; and for or towards the Payment of a year's Interest further on the unsatisfied Debentures charged upon the irish Forfeitures; and for or towards the transporting of Land Forces, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the discharging the Premiums, and other Charges for the circulating the old Exchequer Bills for another Year and for or towards the defraying extraordinary Charges of the War already incurred, and not before this Time provided for by Parliament; and for Payment of the General Officers to serve in Flanders in the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, according to the Seasons in which they have or shall have served by their respective Commissions; to no other Use, Intents and Purposes whatsoever: Provided always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, towards the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers raised and to be raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the cantinojent Charges thereunto belonging; and out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the' Navy and Sea Service as aforesaid, there shall be taken and applied such Sums, as, together with the said Sum, not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, shall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIX. And whereas in several Acts of Parliament that have passed since her Majesty's Accession to the Throne, upon or by virtue whereof certain Annuities for Lives, Years, or in Perpetuity, have been purchased, obtained, or secured to be paid at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, it has been specially provided or enacted to the Purport or Effect following; that is to say, That in case the Duties or Revenues, settled or established by the said respective Acts to be the Fund or Funds upon which such Annuity or Annuities, or any of them, are severally charged, should at the End of any Year of the respective Terms, Estates, or Interests by the said Acts severally granted, of and in such Annuities, exceed, by their Income into the said Exchequer within such Year, all the Moneys due for or upon the same Annuity or Annuities, in or for the same Year respectively, and all Arrearages thereof, such Ex ' cess or Surplus should be disposable, from Time to Time, by Authority of Parliament, for the public Use and Setvice, and not otherwise, as in and by the said several Acts, Relation being thereunto had,

may more fully appear. And whereas some Doubt has arisen, whether the Moneys not being Moneys of the said Funds, or any of them, which have been, or may be directed to be applied, from Time to Time, to aid the Deficiency or Deficiencies of any of the Funds upon which the said Annuity or Annuities, or any of them, are severally charged, can or maybe made good again out of the Excess or Surplus, remaining undisposed by Authority of Parliament, of the particular Fund or Funds aided by such Moneys or Surplus, when such Excessor Surplus shall at the End of every Year happen to arise:: 'Remedy whereof, it is hereby enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Lord High treal urer of Great Britain., or for any three or more. of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, by Warrant under his or their Hands, at any Time or Times hereafter, to charge the said undisposed Surplus or Excess which shall remain at the End of every or any Year, of the Fund or Funds which have been or shall hereafter happen to be deficient, with the Repayment and Satisfaction of such Sum and Sums of Money as have been, or shall, from Time to Time, be applied to aid or make good such particular Deficiency; and all and every such Sum and Sums of Money shall and may, from Time to Time, be retained and kept out of every such Excess and Surplus, and be issued and applied to such Uses and Purposes as the Moneys, so from Time to Time issued to aid or make good such particular Deficiency or Deficiencies, should or might have been applied in case such Deficiency or Deficiencias had not happened; any Clarifies, Matters, or Thingr in the said Acts, or any of them, or in' any other Act or Acts of Parliament to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majrfy's Plantations in America, the Sum of four Pounds per Tonne is allowed, as a Precmium or Encouragement for importing of Pitch and Tar; and three Pounds per Tonne for importing of Rosin and Turpentine from the said Plantations into this Kingdom; as likewise six Pounds per Tonne for all water rotted Hemp, bright and clean; and one Pounder Tonne for all Malts, Yards, and Bowsprits imported as aforesaid; and in Regard it is by Experience found. That the said Premiums and Encouragements are defective, and that the good and profitable Ends by the said Act of Parliament proposed, cannot be attained without sufficient Numbers of skilful People, and proper Utenfds and Materials necessary to be employed for raising such Naval Stores; 'pe it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for her Majesty to apply any Sum or Sums out of the Supplies granted in this present Session of Parliament, not exceeding the bum of ten thousand Pounds in the whole, for and towards the Subsistence and Employment of a Number of skilful People, and for furnishing of tit Utsnfils and Materials for effectually carrying on the said good and profitable Designs of raising such Naval Stores from the Growths and Products of the said Plantations.

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Ann Regina.

C 14. 409

XXXI. And whereas several Officers and other Proprietors of Debentures made forth by the late Pay Vnregiftred De ' mailer of the Army, Commissioners for Transports, and by the Commissioners of Accounts in that Be ben dres be half authorised respectively, have omitted to register the said Debentures within the Times limited by Acts of Parliament for that Purpose: 'For the Relief therefore of all such Officers and other Proprietors of the said unregiilred Debentures, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for all such Officers and other Proprietors of the said unregiftred Debentures, who have not registered the same, to regiiler their Debentures on or before the nine and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ten; which said Debentures being so registered, shall and are hereby intituled to all the Benefit of Interest, and other Advantages, as if registered on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and nine.

CAP. XIV.

An act for the better Security of Rents, and to prevent Frauds committed by Tenants.

FOR the more easy and effectual Recovery of Rents reserved on Leases for Life or Lives, Term of Years, at will or otherwise; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, no Goods or Chattels whatsoever, lying or being in or upon any Message, Lands or Tenements, which are or shall be leased for Life or Lives, Term of Years, at Will or otherwise, shall be liable to be taken by Virtue of any Execution on any Pretence whatsoever, unless the Party at whose Suit the said Execution is sued out, shall before the Removal of such Gools from off the said Premises, by Virtue of such Execution or Extent, pay to the Landlord of the said Premises or his Bailiff, all such Sum or Sums of Money as are or shall be due for Rent for the said Premises at the Time of the taking such Goods or Chattels by Virtue of such Execution; Provided the said Arrears of Rent do not amount to more than one year's Rent; and in case the said Arrears shall exceed one year's Rent, then the said Party, at whose Suit such Execution is sued out, paying the said Landlord or his Bailiff, one year's Rent, may proceed to execute his Judgement, as he might have done before the making of this Act; and the Sheriff or other Officer is hereby empowered and required to levy and pay to the Plaintiff as well the Money so paid for Rent, as the Execution Money.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Lessee for Life or Lives,

Term of Years, at Will or otherwise, of any Messuages, Lands, or Tenements, upon the Demise whereof any Rents are or shall be reserved or made payable, shall, from and after the said first Day of May, fraudulently or clandestinely convey or carry off or from such demised Premises his Goods or Chattels, with Intent to prevent the Landlord or Lelfor from distraining the same for Arrears of such Rent so reserved as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lessor or Landlord, or any Person or Persons by him for that Purpose lawfully empowered, within the Space of five Days next ensuing such conveying away or carrying off such Goods or Chattels as aforesaid, to take and seize such Goods and Chattels where ever the same shall be found, as adistress for the said Arrears of such Rent; and the same to sell or otherwise dispose of, in such Manner, as if the said Goods and Chattels had actually been distrained by such Lessor or Landlord, in and upon such demised Premises for such Arrears of Rent; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

III. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this at contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to empower such Lessor or Landlord to take or seize any Goods or Chattels as a Distress for Arrears of Rent, which shall be sold bona fide, and for a valuable Consideration, before such Seizure made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

bona fide sold before.

IV. And whereas no Action of Debt lies avainst a Tenant for Life or Lives, for any Arrears of Rent,

during the Continuance of such Estate for Life or Lives, ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, having any Rent in Arrear or due upon any Lease or Demise for Life or Lives, to bring an Ablion or abli ons of Debt for such Arrears of Rent, 'in the same Manner as they might have done, in case such Rent were due and reserved upon a Lease for Years.

V. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Distresses hereby empowered to be made as aforesaid, shall be liable to such Sales, and in such Manner, and the Moneys arising by such Sales to be distributed in like Manner, as by an Act made in the second Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for enabling the Sale of Goods distrained for Rent, in case the Rent be not paid in recfcnable tine, is in that Behalf directed and appointed.

VI. And whereas Tenants pur auter vie and Lessees for Years or at Will, frequently hold over the Tenements to them demised, after the Determination of such Leases: whereas after the Determi nation of such, or any other Leases, no Distress can by Law be made for any Arrears of Rent that giev/

due on such respective Leases before the Determination thereof; 'It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the find first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, it shall and may be lawful, for any Person or Persons, having any Rent in Arrear or due upon any Lease for Life or Lives, or for Years, or at Will, ended or determined, to distrain for such Arrears, afeer the Vol. IV G gg De

After the first of May 1710. no Goods, &c. shall be taken in Execution, C on lei the Party before Removal of the Goods, C pay the Landlord therentdue. 52 H. 3. C 4.

13 Ed. 1. C 37;

I & 2 P. M.

C 12.

W m.stat, 1. C 5.

Provided it amount to no more than year's Rent. The Sheriff, C to levy the Rent as well as the Execution Money. If any Lessee, C shall fraudulently carry off Goods, C the Lessor, C may within 5 Days after seize such Guods, C and fell the same as if they had been distrained. Proviso, such Lessor, C shall not seize any Goods, C which shall be

II. Geo 2. C 19.

Debt may be brought against Tenant for Life for Rent.

Distresses liable to such Sales, and to oe distri buted.as by the Att z W. Sc M. ff. 1. C 5.

Rent in Arrear

Uijon a Lease lor Life, tccc. expired, may be ! stramed for aer trie Detet inina CI cn of the Lease,

Determination of the said respective Leases, in the same Manner as they might have done, ifffiuch Lease or jleafes had not been ended or determined, w'thfnfix*VII Provided, That such Distress be made within the Space of six Calendar Months after the Deter months after the mination of such Lease - during the Continuance of such landlord's Title or Interest, and during die End of the Lease, Possession of the Tenant from whom such Arrears became due. i

and during the

Landlord's Title and Tenant's Possession.

This Aa find].

VIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing not hinder the in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to let, hinder or prejudice her Majesty, her lcv^&c^a to Heirs or successors, in the levying, recovering or seizing any Debts, Fines, Penalties or Forfeitures, that Debts, fine"y&c. are or be due, payable or answerable to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors; but that it shall and

due to' the may be lawful for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, to levy, recover, and seize such Debts, Fines, Crown. Penalties and Forfeitures, in the same Manner as if this Act had never Jbcen, made; anything in this

Axe Cm. z. Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Geo. 2. c. 19. containing farther Provisom concerning Disirejfcs,

CAP. XV.

An Act for explaining and enlarging an Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for the Security of her Majesty's Perfton and Government.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, it is amongst other Things enacted, That all Officers, Civil and Military, in that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who were obliged and required to take in Scotland an Oath, called the oath of Allegiance and Aflit ranee, before the Privy Council there, should be obliged, on or before the twentieth Day of April one, ' thousand seven hundred and eight, to take and subscribe the Oath by the said Act appointed, before the

Privy Council while it should continue, and after the Determination thereof before and in the Court of Session, or the court of, Justiciary, or the Court of Exchequer there; and that all others then in any of the Affairs aforesaid, who in Respect thereof had used and been obliged to take the said Oath of Allegi, ance and Assurance in any other Court and Place, should be obliged to take and subscribe the same at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace that should be held for any County or Place in which any such Officer should be resident or abiding; and that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who should after be admitted into any Office, Civil or Military, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should, within three Months after his Admittance into any such Office, be obliged to take the Oath appointed by the said Acts in the respective Courts abovementioned, according to the Distinction therein and abovementioned, for Persons then in Office: And whereas several Persons bearing such Offices, and who were likewise Members of Parliament, or otherwise necessarily absent, were at the Time, of making the said Ail, detained in England, by; their Service in Parliament, and upon other public and important Occasions, so that they were rendered incapable of repairing to the Courts aforesaid, within the Time in the said Act directed: And whereas it may happen, that Persons provided to Offices in Scotland, may, for attending the public Service, or for other important Causes, be detained in England,

and thereby cannot take the Oaths in Scotland, within the Time required by the laws for Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Au any Officer, ei shority of the same. That if any Person or Persons that have been, or are in any Office, Civil or Military thercivil or Mi in Scotland aforesaid, shall, on or before the eight and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred Jitary, in Scotland ten, take and subscribe, the Oath of Abjuration in the aforecited Act mentioned, and shall also take land, may before an(j subscribe the Oath of Allegiance, and subscribe the Assurance in the Words following, viz.

35 June 1710,

take and subscribe the Oath of Abjuration, C and likewise subscribe the Assurance.

4 1- A.B. do sincerely promise 'and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to her Majesty 4 J. Queen Anne.'

So help me God.

I A.B. do in the Sincerity of my Heart, aftert, acknowledge, and declare. That her Majesty Queen 4 J. Anne is the only lawful undoubted Sovereign of this Realm, as well de Jure, that is, of Right Queen,

4 as de Fafio, that is, in the Possession and Exercise of the Government: And therefore I do sincerely and faithfully promise and engage, That'i will, with Heart and' Hand, Life and Goods, maintain and de send her Majesty's Tide and Government, against the pretended Prince of Wales, and his Adherents,

and all other Enemies, who either by open or secret Attempts, shall disturb or disquiet her Majesty in the possession and Exercise thereof.'

Inany of the And that either in her Majesty's Courts of Chancery, queen's Bench, Common Pleas or Exchequer at jvejl courts of Westminster; the same shall be, to all Intents, Constructions, and Purposes, as effectual as if such Person or minster, Persons had taken the Oaths by the said Act appointed, within the Time, and at the Places therein men

_tioiicd. i

A. d.1709,

C 1 6. 41 f

Anno octavo anne Reginae.

II. And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That in all Time coming all and every Officers in scot Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall be admitted into any Office, Civil or Military, within that Parts Great Britain called Scotland, who by reason of such Office are obliged to take the Oaths before Three

mentioned in Scotland, shall within three Months after his Admittance into any such Office, take and fub Months alter feribe the Oaths, and subscribe the Assurance aforesaid in her Majesty's Courts of Session, Justi Admittance into ciary, or Exchequer in Scotland, or at the Quarter seffiobs there, for the City or County where such Per their Offices, _ fori or Persons inhabit or dwell, or in any other Court where the Oaths have usually been admi

niftred in Scotland, or in her Majesty's Courts, of Chancery, queen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer e lon' c' at Westminster.

III. And be it further enacted by the authority^foresaid, That the said Courts of Chancery, queen's thecnuns ar

Bench, Common Pleas, and Exchequer at Westminster, shall, from time to time, administer to such Per Westminster to fons as shall tender themselves to take and subscribe the aforesaid Oaths, and subscribe the said Assurance administer the for Offices, Civil and Military, and in the same Manner that other Oaths of the like Nature have been p^fonsoffefing in Use to be allured; and they shall give to all and every Person or Persons taking the Oaths as tolake them', " aforesaid, a Certificate of their having taken the same, for which there shall be paid a Sum not exceeding and to give a ccr two Shillings. tificate thereof.

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person who shall be employed in any Office, Officers in Scot civil or Military, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, 'and who, by virtue of this present land vno

A CL takes the Oaths before and in the Courts of Chancery, Queen s Bench, Common Pleasy or Exchequer wcftm?nfter

at Westminster, shall be obliged to transmit, within the Space of three Months, to the Courts of Session mu(l transmic r

of Justiciary, ox Exchequer in Scotland, or to any, the principal Clerks of Session, the principal Clerk of the Certificate Justiciary, or the queen's Remembrancer in the Court of Exchequer, the Certificate they shall receive in to the Courts of Manner abovementioned; the said Certificate shall be kept, and to which all Persons shall have Session c ln free Access, without Fee or Reward. fh7e?months '

V. Provided always, That every such Person or Persons who shall neglect or refuse to take and fub person? negie'a feribe the Oaths, aha subscribe the Assurance aforesaid, either in her Majesty's Court of Chancery, Qitesns ing or refuting Bench, Common Pleas, or Exchequer at Westminster, or in the proper Courts in Scotland, and shall after to take the such rdfufal or Neglect execute any Office, for and in' respect of which the Oaths and Assurance afore th > C, said ought to be taken and subscribed, shall incur the Penalties, Disabilities and forfeitures in the said AI mentioned.

incur the Penalties in the Ad.

6 Annze, C 14. the

and

VI. Provided also, that every such Person or Persons, who having taken and subscribed the Oaths, and taking th subscribed' the Assurance aforesaid, in her Majesty's Courts of Chancery, queeen's Bench, Common Pleas, or a hs, C Exchequer at Westminster, shall, within the Space of three Months, neglect to transmit the Certificate given 3eekftms, to by the said Courts in Manner abovementioned, shall forfeit his Office, and also the Sum of one hundred Certificate, 'kail

Pounds, to be recovered by such Person or Persons as said Court of Session.

shall sue for the same, by summar Process in the forfeit his office,

and ioo 1. tn any" who will sue for itvin the Court of Session;

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Officer in Scot person or Persons, that is or shall be employed in any Office or Offices in Scotland aforesaid, to take the land may take Oath de Fideli, or Oaths for the due Execution of his or their Office or Offices, before one of the Judges he. Qfth dtf'" of England, and that such Oath or Oaths so taken, final 1 to all Intents, Constructions and purpol s, be of thevmiges of as effectual as if such Oath or Oaths had been taken before any Judge or Judges of either of her Majesty's England. Courts in Scotland aforesaid, or otherwise howsoever.

VIII. And whereas Henry Newton docstor of Laws, her Majesty's Envoy extraordinary to the Great Clause forallow e Duke of Tuscany, being appointed Master of St. catherine's Hospital near the Tower of London, cannot '"g dr.'ntwton, ' return home till the Time for qualifying himself, by receiving the Sacrament of the lord's Supper, Qnv°5 ntk^ f ' taking the Oaths, and making the Declaration and Subscriptions required by Law, will be expired Tuscany" three Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Henry Newton shall receive the Sacrament Months after hia of the lord's Supper within three Months after his Return from beyond the Seas, and shall take the Oaths, Return toeng and make the Declaration and Subscriptions required by Law, in one of her Majesty's Courts of Record land>to talle lhe at Westminster the next Term, or at the next Quarter sessions held for the County of Middlesex, after the qathl.as'/'ia.ner said three Months, the same shall be good and available to the said Henry Newton, to all Intents, Con Hospitn, anne", structionsj and Purposes whatsoever: the said Henry Newton shall be deemed to have qualified himself as fully and effectuallyas if he had taken the said Oaths, and made the said Declaration and Subscriptions within the precise Time required by Law; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XVI.

An act for discharging the Attendance of Noblemen, Barons, and Freeholders, upon the Lords of Justiciary in their Circuits, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and for abolishing the Method of exhibiting criminal Informations by the porteous Roll.

WHEREAS since the Union of the two Kingdoms, the Attendance of Noblemen, Barons, and ' W. Freholders, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon the Lords of Justiciary in their Circuits, in the Manner the same was heretofore used, is now become hurthenfome and unnecessary Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of

G g g 2 the

412 C i6.

Anno octavo anne Reginse,

A.D. 1709.

After 1 May the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the '7ic n°nc to same. That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, no Person whatso ^verftall be obliged, by himself, his Tenants, or Servants, to attend the Lords of Judiciary, either in their Circuits, g°'ng to or coming from the respective Places where the Circuit Courts are held, except the Sheriff, or exceptthesher iff, his Deputies, and their Officers; and that no Sheriff, by himself, or his Deputies, or his Officers, be cat the Place obliged to attend the said Lords of Judiciary at any Time or Place out of the Bounds of the respective and Time where County whereof such Person is Sheriff, except at the Place, and during the Time, where the ffiveral Cir cournra lheld cuit Courts of the respective Districts shall be held.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May a" are csummon no Person whatsoever shall be obliged to attend at the Place where the Circuit Court is held, during such ed to give Evi" Time as the said Court shall continue there, except such Person or Persons who shall be summoned upon dence, or on a any Grand or Petty Jury, or who Aral] be summoned or bound to give Evidence in any Matter or Cause Jury; or such as before the said Court, or who shall be bound over to appear at such Justice Court, or such Person or are bnund to ap Persons as shall make Presentments, in order to Trials before the said Justices at their Circuits: Provided, shall' make per hat when Presentments are made by the Justices of Peace at their Quarter sessions, or at the yearly limtments. Meetings in July and February after mentioned, it shall be lawful to the Lid Justices to depute, one or more

Justices of Peace of their Number to attend in Place of the whole; and except such aether Person or Persons, who, by the

may depute one Duty of his or their Offices or Trusts, are bound to attend the said Court.

of their Number.

Except also those who attend by the Duty of their Offices,

6 Anna:, C 6. £

III. And whereas by an Act made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the

rendering the Union of the two Kingdoms more entire and complete, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Justices of the Peace in Scotland may do, use; and exercise over all Persons within their several Bounds, whatever doth appertain to the Office and Trust of a justice of Peace, by Virtue of the Laws and Acts of Parliament made in England before the Union, in Relation to or for the Prefer

vation of the public Peace; by virtue of which Powers and Privileges vested in them for the Purposes aforesaid, they have sufficient Authority to receive Information concerning Crimes committed within the respective Counties, and to commit such Offenders, or take Security or Recognisance, and to do other necessary Acts for the effectual Prosecution of the said Crim's. in Consequence whereof the old £ Method of taking up Dittay, and exhibiting Informations against Delinquents by the Stress and port ous Roll, as the same was grievous, is now become unnecessary Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May, the said Method of taking up Dittay, and exhibiting Information by the Stress and porteous Roll, shall be and is hereby totally discharged and abolished to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Informations in order to making up rmemmtni; f ^'ttays: concerning Crimes to be tried in the said Circuits in Scotland, from and after the said first bjvhe justices in ay May next, shall be by Presentments to be made by the Justices of Peace at their Quarter sessions, theip Quarter or upon Informations to be taken by the Sheriffs, Stewarts, Baillies of Regalities, and their Deputies, Sessions, C Magistrates of Boroughs, or other inferior Judges and Magistrates within the Jurisdiction of the respective Circuits, concerning such Crimes as are to be tried before the Lords of Judiciary in their Circuits, in the Months of July and February yearly; and the said Justices of Peace, at least two of them, are hereby required and authorised to meet at the head Burgh of the respective shires within which they are Justices, and at the ordinary Place and Hour of Meeting, upon the twenty first Day of the said Months of July and February respectively yearly, being lawful Days, or on the next lawful Day thereafter, there to receive such Informations as shall be offered, concerning Matters criminal to be tried in the Circuits, and to re vifs such Informations as have been taken before the Time of the said Meetings by two or more of the The Sheriffs, C Justices of the Peace, otherwise than at their Quarter Meetings; and the said Sheriffs, Stewarts, Baillies io nreet twice^in of tjle Regalities, and their Deputies, Magistrates of Boroughs, and other inferior Judges and Magistrates cefve ftfch Intor respectively, shall mea upon the twenty second Days of the said Months of July and February respectmations, tively, yearly, being lawful Days, or on the next lawful Day thereafter, at the ordinary Places and Hour of their Meetings, there to receive such Informations as shall be offered concerning Matters criminal, to be tried in the Circuits; and the said Justices, Sheriffs, Stewarts, Baillies of Regalities, and their Deputies, Magistrates of Burghs, and other inferior Judges and Magistrates, are hereby required and authorised to make up particular Accounts of such criminal Facts happening within their respective Bounds, as are to be tried before the respective Circuits, containing the Names and Designation of the Offenders, the Facts committed, with the Circumstances of Time and Place, and others that may serve to discover the Truth; containing also the Names and Designations of the Witnesses, and Titles of such Writes as tions tobesigned are to be made use of at the Trials; which Informations are hereby appointed to be signed by the said by zju^lcf, s, fc. Justices, or at least two of them, and their Clerk, or by the said Sheriffs, Stewarts, Baillies of regali m'tted to the t'cs' or.tnc'r Deputies and Clerks, or by Magistrates of Boroughs, or other inferior Judges or Magistrates, and their Clerks respectively; being so signed, the respective Clerks are also hereby required and authorised to transmit the same, together with such Writes or other Evidence or Proof, as are to be made use of in the Trials before the Judges at the respective Circuits, to the Lord Justice Clerk, or his Deputies at Edinburgh, at least forty Days before the holding of the respective Circuit Courts; that being given to her Majesty's Advocate, or such as discharge that Trust in Scotland, Libels and Indictments may be raised ajid executed against Parties, Affyfers, and Witnesses, according to the former Laws and Custom.

3 V And

The Manner of taking up Dittay. C abolished.

Informations, &c. to be by Presentments,

and to make up Accounts of Crimes to be tried in the Circuits.

The In Forma

Lord Justice Clerk, canno

octavo Annje Reginae.

C 17, 18. 413

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates of such Cities and Boroughs, where the respective Circuit Courts are held, shall be obliged to attend the said Lords of Judiciary, during their Abode in their respective Cities and Boroughs; and that they prepare convenient Benches and Places for the Justices of the Peace to sit on, and be present at the said Courts; who are hereby declared to have and enjoy the same Privileges in Court, as the Justices of Peace now enjoy in England.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this act contained shall be construed to restrain her Majesty's Advocate, or his successors in Office, in her Majesty's Name, or any Person or Persons, to inform and prosecute any criminal action or Cause before the Circuit Court, in the same Way and Manner as is in Use to be done before the Judiciary Court at Edinburgh, or to alter or innovate the Method of returning Jurymen or Aflyfers by the Sheriffs, upon Precepts directed to them as formerly.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for explaining and making more effectual an Act for the better enabling the Mailer, Wardens, and Assistants of 'trinity House to rebuild the Light House on the Edystone Rock.

The Magistrates cf Cities, C shall attend the Lords of justiciary, in their re spettive Cities, C and prepare Benches, C the queen Advocate shall not be rest rained to prosecute any criminal Action* Juries to be returned as formerly.

WHEREAS in and by one Act of Parliament made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of Anns, C jo.

W her present Majesty Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for the better enabling the Master, jvar dens, and Assistants of Trinity House to rebuild the Light House on the Edystone Rock; It is enacted,

That from and after the placing a Light useful for Shipping, in the Light House intended to be rebuilt on the said Rock, there shall be paid to the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, their successors,

and Assigns, by the Matters and Owners of all English Ships, Boys and Barques, which shall pass by the same (except Coasters) the Duty of one Penny per Tonne outwards bound, and also one Penny per ' "'"on inwards bound; that is to say, of the Merchant one Moiety, and of the Owner of the Ship,

Hoy or Bark, the other Moiety; and of all such Strangers or Aliens Ships and Vessels as shall happen to pass by the said Light House, the Sum of twopence for every Tun of the Burden of the said shjp. or Vessel; that every Coaster patting by the said Light House shall pay the Duty of two Shillings, and no more, for every Time they shall pass by the said Light House; said Duties to be collected by such Persons as the said Master, Wardens, and Assistants, or their successors, shall

in such Port or Place whence such Ship, Hoy or Bark shall set forth, or where such Ship

Ploy or Bark shall arrive, before they load or unload the Goods therein; and to be recovered by

action of Debt, in any Court of Record at Westminster, wherein no eftoin, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed, nor more than one Imparlance: And whereas the said Master, Wardens and Assistants, having a due Regard to the Safety and Preservation of the Shipping and Navigation of this Kingdom, did, foou after the patting the said Act, cause the said Light House to be begun, and to be rebuilt, and by the great Care and Diligence of the Persons employed therein, the said Work was car ried on with such Expedition, that a Light useful for Shipping was placed therein on the eight and twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eight; and the said Light House hath since,

with much Hazard and Difficulty, and a very great Expense, been fully built and completed, to the great Satisfaction of the Flag Officers and Commanders of her Majesty's Fleet and Ships of War, and ' of all others concerned in Trade and Navigation: And whereas since the rebuilding of the said Light House, several Foreign Ships that patted by, and had the Benefit of the said Light, and arrived in some

the Ports of the Kingdom of Ireland, have avoided Payment of the said Duties, upon Pretence that the said Act did not extend to the said Kingdom of Ireland for Prevention whereof, and to the End See El. C 13. a Work of that public Nature, and so greatly beneficial to Navigation, may have all due and proper Encouragement; Be it enacted, C

"respective Duties in the said act, to be paid by the Master of every Ship, C patting by the "Edystone Light House, chow the said Duties to be recovered. No Custom House Officer to make "out any Cocquet, idc. till the Duties are paid, and an Acquittance produced to him. Such Persons "are mentioned in the former act, may go on board any Foreign Ship, &c. to receive the Duties; " and distrain for nonpayment. The Distress to be appraised and sold, if the Duties be not paid in "three Days; rendering the Overplus to the Master, C This and the former act to be allowed as "Public A efts in Great Britain and Ireland. P R,

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to regulate the Price and Assize of Bread.

WHEREAS by the Statute made in the one and fiftieth Year of the Reign of King Henry the 51 H; 6» Third, intituled, \_ajjifa Ranis et Cervifits] Provision was made, among! other Things, for settling the Assise of Bread; but the said Statute is expressed in Terms so obscure and impracticable in t'nefe ' Times, that many Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, and daily do arise, in the Construiftion thereof,

whereby little or no Observance hath in many Places been made, either of the due Assise, or reasonable Price of Bread; and covetous and evil disposed Persons taking Advantage of the same, have, for their own Gain and Lucre, deceived and oppressed her Majesty's Subjects, and more especially the poorer Sort of people: 'For Remedy whereof for the future, and that a plain and constant Rule and Method

may

4r4- C 18. Anno octavo Annm Reginae. A.D. 1709.

may henceforward be duly observed and kept, in the making and affixing of the several Sort of Bread made for Sale; Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and con sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by So much of the the Authority of the same, That so much of the said Statute, [entitled, asstja Pauls et Ccrvijits] as relates said Statute, into the Assise of Bread, shall be and is hereby repealed, annulled and made void; and that from and after panisetcervifi<e ay of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, the Court of Lord

as^jtlwto^ta'^4ay°r an Aldermen, 'within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, or the Lord Mayor of the Assise of Bread, said City for the time being, by the Order of the said Court, and the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen or other repealed. Chief Magistrates for the time being, of any other City, Town Corporate or Borough, or two or more And after May Justices of the Peace, ia such Towns and Places where there shall be no such mr yor, Bailiffs, Aldermen ey of or Chief Magistrates, shall severally and respectively, and from time to time, as there shall be Occasion, tendon 3&cr. and i"et5 ascertain and appoint, within their several and respective Jurisdictions, the Assise and Weight of all the Mayor, C Sorts of Bread, to be sold or exposed to Sale by any Baker or other Person whatsoever, within the Limits, of other Cities, of their several Jurisdictions, having respectto the Price, the Grain, Meal or Flour, whereof such Bread and Justices shall be made, shall bear in the several publick markets, in or about the City, Town Corporate, Bo places where in rous^' or Place where such Assise shall be so set, and making reasonable Allowance to the Bakers for their there is no May Charges, Pains and Livelihoods j which said Assise shall be set in Averdupois, and not Troy Weight, or, fsc. shall set the Assise and Weight of all Sorts of Bread, having respect to the Price of the Grain, &c.

After the said

II. And that the said Assise may be the more easily ascertained and appointed; Be it likewise enabled first of May, no by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May no Person or Persons what an^bread other ^oever shall make for Sale, or sell or expose to Sale, any Sort or Sorts of Bread, other than the several than such as shall Sorts of Bread herein after mentioned; that is to say, White, Wheaten and Household, and such other bsallowedby the Sort and Sorts of Bread as shall be publicly licensed and allowed by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Lord Mayor, C Aldermen within the said City of London and Liberties thereof, or by the said other chief.magistrates or Bread to be Justices of the Peace within their several and respective Jurisdictions; which several Sorts of Bread ^tabie*113 he male in their several and respective Degrees, according to the Goodness of the several Sorts of Grain, following. whereof the same ought to be made, and the Assise and Weight of the said Wh: fe, Wheaten and household Bread made of Wheat, shall be set and ascertained according to the Table hereafter following.

A Table

A Table of the Assize of Bread, in Pounds, Ounces, and Drams, averjupois Weight. 415

EXPLANATION: '

In the First and laftcolumns is the Price of the Bushel of Wheat, from 2s. to 15s. the Bushel, the Allowance of the Magistrates to the Baker for Baking being included: And in the other Columns is the Weight of the several Loaves. So that (for Example) if the pj ice of Wheat is 53. the Bushel, and the Magistrates allow is. 6d. the Bushel to the Baker for Baking, then even with the 6s. 6d. in the First or Last Column, will be found the Weight of the several Loaves; but if the Price is 3 s. the Bushel, and the Allowance 1 s. then the Weight of the said Loaves will be found even with 4 s.

NOTE, That the White Loaves are one Half, and the tfheatcn three Quarters of the Weight of houjioold Leaves. o d'

i tr

Ss1

ZL.

"its?

W

n

6. d.

2 oj

2 3 2 6 a 9

3 0 3 3 3 6

3 9

4 ° 4 3 4 6

4 9

5 0 5 3 5 6

5 9

6 o 63 6 6 6 9

7

7 3 7 6

7 9

8 o

f 3 8 6

8 9

9 °93

9 6

9 9

10 o

10 3 10 6

10 9

11 o II 3 II 6

11 9

12 O

12 3 22 6 22

13

>3

>3

>3

*4

J

14 t

14 r5

Small Bread.

The Penny Loaf.

White Whe. House.

j Drams I Ounces Drams j Ounces Drams Ounces j

23 3 3412 46 s

20 10 30 14 41 3

is92713 37 1,

16 14 25 4 3311

IS 7 2 3- 3 3014

14 4 21 6 28 8

13 4 19 14 26 8*

12 6 IS92411

11917 6 23 3

IO 14 16 6 21 13

10 5 IS 7 20 lo'

g 12 14 IO 19 8

9 4 13 14 18 " 9

813 13 4 17 10

8 7 12 IO 16 14

8 1 12 I 16 2

7 12 119IS 7

7 7 11 2 14 13

7^IO II 14 4

6 14 10 j3 12

6 10915 13 4

6 699 12

6 '394 12 6

6 09O" "

S '3 8 11 II 9

5 10 8 7 11 4

5 7 8 3 IO 14

S S 7 ij 10 q

5*7 12 10 5

5 0 7 8 IO 0

4 14 7 5912

4 12 7 2 9. 8

4 10 6 1594

4 8 61391

4 7 6 10 8 13

4 5 6 7 8 1 a

"S 6 S 0 7

4*6 3 8 4

4 0 6 3 8 1

3 >5 5 IS 7 14

3 14 S 13 7 12

3 13 S 11 7 9

3 11 S ' 7 7

3 10 5 1 5 6 7 4

39_7 5

3 S 5 4 7 0

3 7 5 2 6 14

3 6 5 1 6 12

3 5 4 if 6 10

3 4 4 A 6 S

3 3 4 13 6 6

3 2 4 u 6 5

3 1 4 10 6 3

twopenny Loaf.

White Wheaten Household

0 a0 O O n: 0 n

G O a. G D s 3 C 3 a. G 3 8 U 3 e 3 &. G 3 0 ra p 1

2 14 5 4 5 8 s 12 11

293 3 >3 >3 s 2 6

2 5 1 3 7 IO 4 IQ 2

2 1 11 3 294 3 7

I 14 14 2 14 5 S 13 13

I 12 8 2 IO 32 39I

I 10 8 2 7 12 3 4 15

I 8 II 2 s I 3 1 7

I 7 3 2 2 12 2 14 5

I 5 ij 2 O I 1 2 11 IO

I 4 IO I 14 14 293

I 3 8 1 13 4 2 7 0

1 29I 11 13 2 s 1

I 1 10 I IO 8 2 3 5

I 0 4 I94 2 1 11

1 0 2 I 8 3 2 O '4

O 15 7 1 7 3 1 14 14

0 14 13 I b 4 I 13 II

O 14 4 1 s 6 I 32 8

O 13 12 I 4 10 I 11 7

0 13 4 1 3 14 I IO 8

O 12 13 I 3 3 I99

O 2 6 I 291 8 I I

0 11 IS 1 1 is 1 7 S

0 1191 I b I 7 7

0 11 4 I O 14 1 6 S

0 10 14 I O 6 1 S 13

0 109O 14 I 5 3

0 10 S 6 JS 7 I 4 IO

0 10 0 0 15 0 I 4 I

0912 0 14 10 I 3 8

098 0 H 4 I H O

094 0 13 14 I 2 9

09I 0 139I 2 I

0 s 13 0 13 4 I 1 IO

0 s IO 0 12 15 I 1 4

0 8 7 0 12 10 I 0 14

0 8 4 0 12 6 I 0 8

0 8 I 0 12 I I 0 2

0 7 14 0 I I 13 O IS 12

0 7 12 0 I I90 15 7

0 790 I I b O r5 2

0 7 7 0 I I 2 0 14 13

0 7 4 0 IO 14 0 14 9

0 7 2 0 IO 11 0 14 4

0 7 0 0 IO 8 0 >4 O

0 6 14 0 IO S 0 13 12

0 b 12 0 IO 2 0 13 8

0 6 IO 0915 0 13 4

0 6 8 09J 2 0 13 O

0 6 6 0.99 0 12 13

0 6 5 097 0 12 9

0 b 3 094 0 12 b

Larger Bread., The Price i ot Wheat,

six penny Loaf. twelve penny Loaf. eeighteen penny Loaf. a r — 0- a" rt 0

p.?

Wheaten Houshold Wheaten Houftiold Wheaten Wheaten a 5s w 2-

TJ O n "3 O n ns O? 0 w ns O a ns O o

0 C 3 ac 3 0 n 3 0 C 3 CL G 3 ro1 3 C 3 CL G 3 n g 3 2 e S 3 1 0 3 G a CU e 3 0 n 3 a 3 0- C a n 2> &> 1 s. d9

13 O917 6 I 26 1 2 34 12 2 39 1 IO 52 2 3 2 0

II. o 6 15 7 tj 23 2 12 3° 14 S 34 12 2 46 s 8 2 3

IO 6 13 13 14 7 20 13 11 27 12 14 37 4 s 41 JI 6 2 6

4 7 II 12 10 4 18 IS 5 2 5 4 7 28 7 0 37 74 11 2 9

8 II O II96 17 6 I 23 2 12 26 1 I 34 12 2 3 0

8 O 5 IO II 2 l6 O I I 21 6 4 24 1 O 32 I 6 3 3

7 7 3914 H 14 14 5 19 13 13 22 s 8 29 12 II 3 6

6 15 494 5 13 14 7 18 8 IO 20 13 13 27 12 74 3 9

6 S 4 8 I I O >3 0917 6 I 19 8 13 26 I I 4 0

6'2 2 .8 2 14 12 4 4 76 5 11 18 6 7 24 894 3

S 12 I I 7 I I9II96 7 S 7 3 17 6 I 23 2 12 4 6

5 7 j3 7 5 1 IO IS 10 14 IO 3 l6 7 7 21 75 4 4 9

5 3 7 6 S 4 IO 6 13 73 14 7 15 lo 4 20 13 II 5 0

4 is 7 69759H 14 73 3 14 14 74 S 19 13 13 '5 I

4 11 13 6 5 297 II 12 IO 4 14 3 8 18 is 5 5 6

4 s96 O I I9I I 12 I 7 139IO is 2 2 5 9

4 s 8 S 12 II 8 II I 7796 13 O917 6 I 6 0

4 2 12 s9O 8 5 8 II I IS 12 8 3 16 IO 15 6 3

4 O 3 5 s98 O 5 IO II 2 12 O 8 l6 0 I I 6 6

3 !3 13 5 2 6 7 II910 4 12 I I96 15 7 3 6 9

3 1194 15 7 7 7 3974 14 II 2 12 14 74 5 7 0

398 4 12 II 7 3 I99 7 IO 12914 6 2 7 3

3 7 IO 4 IO 2 6 75 494 5 IO 6 73 13 14. 7 7 6

3 S 13 4 7 12 6 11 10 8 15 8 IO 1 7 13 7 4 7 9

3 4 2 4 5 8 6 8 4 8 11 1912 7 13 09S 0

3 294 3 7 6 5 2 8 6 1397 I I 12 10 4 8 3

3 I I 4 I 7 6 2 2 8 2 1493 3 12 4 4 8 6

2 is I I 3 159S ?5 5 7 IS 2 8 IS O II 14 II 8 9

2 14 S 3 13 13 5 12 II 7 I"98 11 O I I9690

2 13 I 3 12 2 5 IO 3 7 8 4 8 7 4 I I 4 693

2 11 14 3 IO9S 7 13 7 5 1 8 3 II IO IS 1096

2 IO 12 39I 5 s97 2 1 s O 5 IO II 299

29I I 3 7 IO S 3 7 15 4 7 13 2 IO b 73 10 0

2 8 11 3 6 4 5 1 b 6 12 8 7 IO 3 10 2 12 10 3

2, 7 12 3 4 15 4 15 7 6975 7 7 3974 4 TO 6

2 6 13 3 3 12 4 13 10 6 7 7 7 4 6911 3 10 9

2 s 1s 3 294 II 73 5 5 2 7 I 1297 11 11 0

2 5 I 3 1 7 4 IO 2 6 2 74 6 15 494 5 11 3

2 4 4 3 0 6 4 896 0 11 6 12 1393 I 1 11 6

2 3 8 2 15 S 4 7 0 S 14 11 6 IO 8 8 74 O ri 9

2 2 12 2 14 s 4 5 8 5 i2 11 6 8 4 8 11 O 12 0

2 2 I 2 73 6 4 4 2 5 i 73 6 6 2 8 8 3 12 3

2 I 6 2 12 8 4 2 12 S90 6 4 21 8 S 8 12 6

2 O 1 r 2 12 la 4 I 7 5 7 4 6 2'2 8 2 74 12 9

2 O 1 2 11 12 4 O 3 5 596 O 4 8 O 5 13 0

I is 8 2 10 0 3 14 15 5 3 IS S 14 7 7 13 75 13 3

I 14 14 293 3 13 3 5 2 6 S 12 I I 7 I 1913 b

I 14 S 2 8 7 3 12 II S 0 14 S II O 795 13 9

I 13 13 2 7 12 3 1194 IS 7 S9b 7 7 3 1+ 0

I 13 4 2 7 0 3 JO94 it 1 S 7 73 7 5 I 14 3

I 12 12 2 6 6 3 7 S 4 10 11 5 6 s 7 3 I 14 6

I 14 4 2 S I I 3 894 II 7 5 4 13 7 I 2. 14 9

I 11 13 2 5 1 39IO 4, 2 2 5 3 7 6 IS 4 15 0

nr. And

Anno octavo Annje Reginae.

A.D. 1709.

III. And to the Intent that the good Design of this Act may be effectually complied with, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every common Baker, and every Person, who shall make or bake for Sale, or any Ways expose to Sale, any Sort of Bread whatsoever, shall, from and after the said Bakers to mark first Day of May, fairly imprint or mark, or cause to be fairly imprinted or marked, on every Loaf so by

their Bread.

him made or exposed to Sale, the Sort, Price, and Weight of such Loaf, or any other Mark as shall be appointed by the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or by the said other Chief Magistrates and Justices of the Peace respectively, within the Limits of their said several Jurisdictions; the said Court of Lord Mayor and Aldermen within the City of London, and the Liberties thereof, and the said other Chief Magistrates or Justices of the Peace, within the Bounds of their several Jurisdictions, shall have full Power and Authority, from time, to time, to limit, direct and appoint, how and in what Manner each Sort of Bread shall be marked, for knowing the Baker or Maker, Price, Weight and Sort thereof; and to make and set down any other reasonable Rules and Orders for the better regulating the Mystery of baking Bread, and the Sorts, Assize, Price, and Weight thereof, and all things concerning the same, as in their Judgments they shall find necessary and convenient; and if any Baker or Bakers, or other Person or Persons baking or making Bread for Sale, or exposing Bread to Sale, shall not observe the Assize, to be afeer

tained by virtue of this Act, or shall bake or make for Sale, or sell or expose to Sale, any Bread wanting

the due Weight, or that shall not be marked according to the Direction of this Act, or ball break such Regulations and Orders as shall from time to time be made by virtue of this Act, or shall in any Sort or Way break or infringe any of the Matters or Things before appointed by this Act, he or they so doing, 6 C'being thereof convicted by the Confession of the Party, or by the Oath of one or more credible Witness

and farther Pro or Witnesses, before the said Lord Mayor or any one or more of the said Aldermen, or before the said

visions relating Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, or one of them, or in such Towns and Places where there are not any such Magistrate or Magistrates, before one or more Justices of the Peace of the County wherein the Offence shall be.committed, or the Party offending apprehended, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings, to be levied by Way of Distress upon the Goods and Chattels of every such Offender, by Warrant from the said Lord Mayor, Alderman or Aldermen, or Chief Magistrate or Magistrates Justice or Justices, before whom such Conviction shall be made; the said Forfeitures to be given to the Informer or Informers.

IV. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Convictions made as aforesaid, upon this Act, shall be certified to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace for the county or Place where such Convictions were made, to be there kept upon Record by the respective Clerks of the Peace, to be fecn without Fee or Reward.

V. Provided always, That no Person shall be convicted in Manner aforesaid, for any of the before mentioned Offences, unless the Prosecution, in Order to such Conviction, be commenced within three Days next after the Offence committed.

VI. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person so convicted shall think him or herself aggrieved, he or she shall and may make his or her Appeal in Writing to the next Quarter sessions of the Peace for the City, Town or County where such Conviction shall be made, where the same shall be heard, and finally determined; and if the said Person so appealing shall not make good such his or her Appeal, or prosecute it with Effect, the said Court of sessions shall award such Costs as they shall think reasonable to the Prosecutor or Informer, and commit the Offender to the Common

allow Costs', 1 and Gaol, until he or she shall make Payment of the said Costs, and also of the Penalty adjudged on the con commit the of viction, to the Informer; but in case the said Appellant shall make good his Appeal, and be discharged of fender till pay his or her said Conviction, the like reasonable Costs shall be awarded for the Appellant against such in jfth' a 11 t former, who should (in case of Conviction) have been intituled to the said Penalty, to be recovered as make % oodehiasn aforesaid.

Appeal, the Informer hall pay Costs.

Lord Mayor, C to direct how the Bread shall be marked.

Penalty of Offenders.

Repealed as to the Penalty, by 3 Geo. t. flat. 2

hereto,

By 3 Geo. 2. c. 29. 2. Offenders

are to gay 10s.

To be given to the Informer. Convictions to be certified to the Quarter sessions.

Prosecution to be within 3 Days.

Party grieved may appeal to the Sessions, whose determination shall be final.

And they may

Penalty of fel

VII. Provided also, That if any Baker or Seller of Bread shall put into any Bread by him sold or ex

ling Bread mixed posed to Sale, any mixture of any other Grain than what shall be appointed by the Assize settled in the with other Gramme place where such Bread shall be so sold or exposed to Sale, every such Person so offending shall, for every by the^a°ftize, ^"uc^ Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be had and recovered in the Manner and Form Penalty of any herein before mentioned; and if any Mayor, Alderman or Justice of the Peace, shall, on any Information Migiftratene made to him of any Offences committed against this Act, wilfully and wittingly omit the Performance of glecting his his Duty thereupon, in the Execution of this Act, he shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be re duty covered by Action, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no

Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed, or any more than one Imparlance.

VIII. And that the good Design of this Statute may be the more effectuilly accomplished, Be it further The Lord May enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Mayor and Alderman of the City of or, C may en London, or any one of them, within the said City and Liberties thereof, and also to and for the said Chief ter the Houses of Magistrate or Magistrates, or Justices of Peace, or any one of them, within the Limits of their several ju she^readvlew r'fdiftions, at all Times hereafter, in the daytime, to enter into any House, Shop, Stall, bake house, e i, or out house of or belonging to any Baker or Seller of Bread, there to search for, view,

and if it be weigh and try, all or any the Bread of such Person, or which shall there be found: and if any Bread shall

found warning, there be found wanting, either in the Goodness of the Stuff, whereof the same shall be made, or be defi

in Goodness, cient in the due baking or working thereof, or shall be wanted in the due Weight, or ftiali not be truly

Baking, Weig t, niarked according to the Directions of this Act, or shall he of any other Sort than shall be allowed by virtue

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Ann Reginae.

C 19. 417

may seize and give it to the Poor.

Penalty on Ea kety&c. opposing such Search.

tue of this Act; that then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Lord Mayor,

Alderman or Aldermen, Chief Magistrate or Magistrates, Justices or Justice of the Peace, to seize and take the Bread so found, and cause the same to be forthwith given and distributed to the Poor of the parish where such Seizure shall be made; and if any Baker or Seller of Bread, or other Person or Persons, shall not permit or fuft er such Search or Seizure to be made, or shall oppose, hinder or refill the same, he or they so doing, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings to the Informer or Informers, to be had and recovered in the summary Manner and Form herein before mentioned.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Action or Suit shall be commenced or brought against fn a^ions any Mayor, Chief Magistrate, Justice of Peace, Constable or any other Officer or Person whatsoever, for brought for the doing or causing to be done, anything in Pursuance or Execution of this Act, or relating thereunto, the Execution of Defendant in such Action or Suit may plead the General Issue, and give the special Matter in Evidence; this Afb defen and if the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue his Action, or a Verdict be given for the Defendant, or General Judgement be otherwise given for the Defendant, every such Defendant shall have Double Costs. idhe,

[Double Costs.]

and shall have

[Act shall

X Provided always, That this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend to prejudice any Right or Custom of the City of London, or the Practice there used, or of the Lord or Lords of any Leet, nf hu^fthe to let, inquire and punish the Breach of Assize of Bread within their respective Leets or Views of Frank cite of London, pledge, nor of the Clerk or Clerks of the Market. C

XI. Provided nevertheless, That no Person punished by this Act, shall be for the same Offence prose Persons punched

cuted by any other Law, Statute, Usage or Custom whatsoever. say this

XII. And whereas there have been great Abuses in affizing of Bread, by the variety of Bushels and apaol ether other Measures used in different Places, and though to rectify such Abuses, several good Laws have been Leaw

made pursuant to the great Charter, That there shall be but one Measure to be used throughout all the '

Realm, particularly one Act made in the two and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles; j

the Second, intituled, An Act for ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt, and another Act made in the 22 ar' 2' c'11 ' two and twentieth and three and twentieth Years of King Charles the Second, intituled An additional and Aftis asfor ascertaining the Measures of Corn and Salt, yet the said good Laws have not hitherto been observed232- 3z' z'

as they ought to have been Therefore for the better and stricter Observation of the same, all Justices of the Peace, Constables and other Officers, are hereby strictly commanded and required to see the said several Acts put in due Execution, and all Justices of Assize, and Justices of the Peace, are in their several to be put in exe and respective Charges at their Assizes or Sessions of the Peace, to enforce and press the Execution of the ace to

said Laws, and to use all legal Methods to make the said Laws, and also this present Act, tal be effectu giveihemin ally practised and observed. Charge.

XIII. Provided always, That neither this Act, nor anything therein contained, shall extend or be con This A shall strued to extend to prejudice the ancient Right or Custom of the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge not prejudice the or either of them, or their Clerks of the Market, or the Practice within the several Jurisdictions there Rights of either used, to set, ascertain and appoint the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to umver(uy. Sale, within their several Jurisdictions; that they shall and may severally and respectively, from time to time, as there shall be occasion, set, ascertain and appoint, within their several and respective Jurisdictions, the Assize and Weight of all Sorts of Bread to be sold or exposed to Sale, by any Baker or other Person whatsoever, within the Limits of their several Jurisdictions, and shall and may inquire and punish the Breach thereof, as fully and freely in all Respects as they used to do, as if this Act had never been had or made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

xfv. Provided always, That this Act shall continue for three Years, and from thence to the End of To continue for the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. 3 Years, CI

[Continued by 1 Geo. r. flat. 2. cap. 26. feet. 4. with some Alterations.

Continued by 5 Geo. 1. cap. 25. for five Years.

Continued by 10 Geo. 1. cap. 17. for seven Years, C

And farther continued by 3 Geo. 2. c. 29. feet. 1. until March 1738.

By 12 Geo. C 13. and amended; and by 22 Geo. 2. c. 46. to z4 June 1757. and to the End the next Session and amended.]

CAP. XIX.

of

'Farther Provi jions relating hereto 31 Geo. 2. c. 29. 32 Geo. 2. c. 18.

An Act for the encouragement of Learning, by veiling the Copies of printed Books in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, during the Times therein mentioned.

WHEREAS Printers, Booksellers and other Persons have of late frequently taken the Libert}' of printing, reprinting and publishing, or causing to be printed, reprinted and published, Books and other Writings, without the Consent of the Authors or Proprietors of such Books and Writings, to the their very great Detriment, and too often to the Ruin of them and their Families For preventing the refore such Practises for the future, and for the Encouragement of learned Men to compose and write useful Books; may it please your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Com After 10 April mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the II the au tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ten, the Author of any Book or Books already print, ed, who hath not transferred to any other the Copy or Copies of such Book or Books, Share or Shares tvhohave not'transferred their Rights, and the Booksellers, C ho have purchased Copies, shall have the foie Right of printing them for the Term of zi Years:

Anno octavo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1709.

And the Authors of Books not printed, to have the foie Right of print

thereof, or the Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, or other Person or Persons, who hath or have purchased of acquired the Copy or Copies of any Book or Books, in order to print or reprint the same, shall have the foie Right and Liberty of printing such Book and Books for the Term of one and twenty Years, to commence from the said tenth Day of April and no longer; and that the Author of any Book or Books already composed, and not printed and published, or that shall hereafter.be composed, and his Assignee or Assigns, shall have the foie Liberty of printing and reprinting such Book and Books for the Term of fourteen Years, to commence from the Day of the first publishing the same, and no longer; and ing&for i^years, that if any other Bookseller, Printer or other Person whatsoever, from and after the tenth Day of April Punishment of one thousand seven hundred and ten, within the Times granted and limited by this Act as aforesaid, shall Bookseller, C reprint or import, or cause to be printed, reprinted or imported, any such Book or Books, without

Consent of thee t^le Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors thereof first had and obtained in Writing, signed in the Pre proprietor, fence of two or more credible Witnesses; knowing the same to be so printed or reprinted, without the Consent of the Proprietors, shall sell, publish or expose to Sale, or cause to be sold, published or exposed to Sale, any such Book or Books, without such Consent first had and obtained as aforesaid: such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit such Book or Books, and all and every Sheet or Sheets, being Part of such Book or Books, to the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Copy thereof, who shall forthwith Damask and make Waste Paper of them; and further, That every such Offender or Offenders shall forfeit one Penny for every Sheet which shall be found in his, her or their Custody, either printed or printing, published or exposed to Sale, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act; the one Moiety thereof to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to any Person or Persons that shall sue for the same, to be recovered in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by ahion of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

II. And whereas many Persons may through Ignorance offend against this Act, unless some Provision be made, whereby the Property in every such Book, as is intended by this a<sb to be secured to the Pro ' prietor or Proprietors thereof, may be ascertained, as likewise the Consent of such Proprietor or Proprie co 'is of Books tors fr print*n3 or reprinting of such Book or Books may from time to time be known Be it therefore emretf be fore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be confirmed to fore Publication extend to subject any Bookseller, Printer or other Person whatsoever, to the Forfeitures or Penalties therein the Register in mentioned, for or by Reason of the printing or reprinting of any Book or Books without such Consent, as aforesaid, unless the Title to the Copy of such Book or Books hereafter published shall, before such Publication, be entered in the Register Book of the Company of Stationers, in such Maimer as hath been usual, which Register Book shall at all Times be kept at the Hall of the said Company, and unless such Consent of the Proprietor or Proprietors be in like Manner entered as aforesaid, for every of which several entries sixpence shall be paid, and no more; which said Register Book may, at all seasonable and convenient Times, be resorted to, and inspehed by any Bookseller, Printer or other Person for the purposes before mentioned, without any Fee or Reward; and the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers give a Certificate shall, when and as often as thereunto required, give a Certificate under his Hand of such Entry or Entries ef such Entry, and for every such Certificate may take a See not exceeding sixpence.

III. Provided nevertheless, That if the Clerk of the said Company of Stationers for the time being, shall refuse or negleh to register, or make such Entry or Entries, or to give such Certificate, being thereunto required by the Author or Proprietor of such Copy or Copies, in the Presence of two or more credible' Witnesses, That then such Person and Persons so refusing. Notice being first duly given of such re fufal, by an Advertisement in the Gazette, shall have the like Benefit, as if such Entry or Entries, Certificate or Certificates had been duly made and given; and that the Clerks so refusing shall, for any such Offence, forfeit to the Proprietor of such Copy or Copies the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be recovered in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

IV. Provided nevertheless, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any

After 2.5 March Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, shall after the said five and twentieth Day of March one bhho' of Canter" seven hundred and ten, feta Price upon, or sell, or expose to Sale, any Book or Books at such a

bury, peto" pr ce or Rate as shall be conceived by any Person or Persons to be too high and unreasonable; it shall settle the Prices and may be lawful for any Person or Persons to make Complaint thereof to the Lord Archbishop of can of Books, upon terbury for the time being, the Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain, for Complaint made the time being, the Lord Bishop of London for the time being, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Inreasonable Queen's Bench, the Lord Chief Justice of the Court of Common Pleas, the Lord Chief Baron of the Court

nreaona e. Of'exchequer for the time being, the Vice chancellors of the two Universities for the time being, in that Part of Great Britain called England, the Lord President of the Sessions for the time being, the Lord Justice General for the time being, the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer for the time being, the Restor of the College of Edinburgh for the time being, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; who, or any one of them, shall and have hereby full Power and Authority, from time to time, to send for, summon or call before him or them such Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, and to examine and inquire of the Reason of the Dearness and Inhancement of the Price or Value of such Book or Books by him or them so sold or exposed to Sale; and if upon such Inquiry and Examination it shall be found, that the Price of such Book or Books is inhanced, or any wise too high or unreasonable, then and in such case the said Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, Bishop of London, two Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Vice chancellors of the Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, " 1 and

Book of the Company of Stationers 5 which maybe impelled at any Time without Fee.

Clerk of the Company to

Penalty of the Clerk' refusing so to do.

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo Annje Reginae.

C 20. 419

and the said Lord President of the se/lions, Lord Justice General, Lord Chief Baron, ond Rector of the College of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or any one or more, of them, so inquiring and examining, have hereby full Power and Authority to reform and redress the same, and to limit and settle the Price of every such printed Book and Books, from Time to Time, according to the

best of their Judgments, and as to them shall feetn just and reasonable; and in case of Alteration of the and if altered

Rate or Price from what was fetor demanded by such Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, to ^onfth^!>1r'ce award and order such Bookseller and Booksellers, Printer and Printers, to pay all the Costs and Charges J cte ma Jrd J' that the Person or Person so complaining shall be put unto, by Reason of such Complaint, and of the him to pay Costs causing such Rate or Price to be so limited and settled; all which shall be done by the said Archbishop of to the Party Canterbury, Lord Chancellor or Lord Keeper, Bishop of London, two Chief Justices, Chief Baron, Vice complaining. Chancellors of the two Universities, in that Part of Great Britain called England, and the said Lord President of the Sessions, Lord Justice General, Lord Chief Baron, and Rector of the College of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or anyone of them, by Writing under their Hands and Seals,

and thereof public notice shall be forthwith given by the said Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, by an Advertisement in the Gazette, and if any Bookseller or Booksellers, Printer or Printers, Penalty on shall after such Settlement made of the said Rate and Price sell or expose to Sale any Book or Books, at Booksellers fel a higher or greater Price than what shall have been so limited and settled as aforesaid, then and in every jjnsat hi£her such Case such Bookseller and Booksellers, Printer and Printers, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds for tbivciause«every such Book so by him, her or them sold or exposed to Sale; one Moiety thereof to the queen's most zjjzga, 'Excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to any Person or Persons that shall z. c. 36. sue for the same, to be recovered with Costs of Suit, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Wager of Law, Essoin, Privilege or Protection, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That nine Copies of each Book or Books, upon the best after_io April Paper, that from and after the said tenth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and ten shall be prin' bookman be ted and published as aforesaid, or reprinted and published with Additions, shall, by the Printer and Prin deliveredto the ters thereof, be delivered to the warehouse keeper of the said Company of Stationers, for the Time be Warehousing, at the Hall of the said Company, before such Publication made, for the Use of the Royal Library, keeper of the the Libraries of the Universities of Oxford and Cambridge, the Libraries of the four Universities in Scotland, Company of sta the Library of Sioti College in London, and the Library commonly called the Library belonging to the Fa' uferftheuni culty of Advocates at Edinburgh respectively; said warehouse keeper is hereby required, within verfity Libraries, ten Days after Demand by the Keepers of the respective Libraries, or any Person or Persons by them or C

any of them authroized to demand the said Copy, to deliver the same, for the Use of the aforesaid Libra warehouse ries; and if any Proprietor, Bookseller or Printer, or the warehouse keeper of the said Company of sta tioners, shall not observe the Direction of this Act therein, that then he and they so making Default in Uaeys afterde not delivering the said printed Copies as aforesaid, shall forfeit, besides the Value of the said printed Co mand. pies, the Sum of five Pounds for every Copy not so delivered, as also the Value of the said printed Copy Penalty of pro not so delivered; the same to be recovered by the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and by theprift01> c not Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars of any of the said Universities, and by the President and Fellows of Direa ions1 of sion College, and the said Faculty of Advocates at Edinburgh, with their full Costs respectively. this Act

VI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons incur the Penalties con penalties

tained in this Act, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, they shall be recoverable by any Action Scotland how re before the Court of Session there.'coverage.

VII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained do extend, or shall be construed to extend to pro This Aa not to hibit the Importation, Vending or Selling of any Books in Greek, Latin, or any other foreign Language hinder^the Imprinted beyond the Seas; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding cof

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall be com prated be menced or brought against any Person or Persons whatsoever, for doing or causing to be done anything yondsea.

in pursuance of this Act, the Defendants in such Action may plead the General Blue, and give the spe General Issue. cial Matter in Evidence; and if upon such action a Verdict be given for the Defendant, or the Plaintiff become nonsuited or discontinue his Action, then the Defendant shall have and recover his full Costs, for which he shall have the same Remedy as a Defendant in any Case by Law hath.

IX. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, either to t^.ls^tnot to prejudice or confirm any Right that the said Universities or any of them, or any Person or Persons have, Rfght rf the u or claim to have, to the printing or reprinting any Book or Copy already printed, or hereafter to be printed, niverfities.

X Provided nevertheless, That all Actions, Suits, Bills, Indictments or Informations for any Offence Actions for Of' '

shall be committed against this Act, shall be brought, sued and commenced within the Months next fences against after such Offence committed, or else the same shall be void and of none Effect. this Act, to be

brought in 3

XI. Provided always, That after the Expiration of the said Term of fourteen Years, the foie Right of After the 14

printing or disposing of Copies shall return to the Authors thereof, if they are then living, for another Years, the Right i erm of fourteen Years. ot Filming, C

to return to the

Author for other 14 Years; seezy Geo. 2. L

CAP. XX.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, although the month's

Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

EXP.

H h h z

A.D. 1709. Anno octavo anne Reginae.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for vesting certain Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments in Trusteer, for the better fortifying and securing the Harbours and Docks at Portsmouth, Chatham and Harwich.

7 Ansi, C 26.

WHEREAS in pursuance of an Act of Parliament passed in the seventh Year of her now majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners to treat and agree for such Lands, Fe ' nements and Hereditaments, as shall be judged proper to be purchased for the better fortifying Portsmouth,

Chatham and Harwich, her Majesty was pleased by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the seventeenth Day of June in the eighth Year of her Reign, to authorize certain Persons therein mentioned, or any five or more of them, to make Surveys of and particularly describe all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, as are proper to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid, and to execute all Powers, Directions, Clauses, Matters and Things in the said Act contained: And whereas five or more of the said Commissioners have made Surveys of, and particularly described by Lines, Stakes, Boundaries and Plans, such Lands, Tenjments and Hereditaments, as they judged proper to be purchased for the Uses and Purposes in the said Act mentioned, and have likewise treated and agreed with several of the Owners and others interested in the said Lands, Te. ' nements and Hereditaments, who were able and willing to treat and agree for the same: And whereas several Proprietors of Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, in the respective Places of Portsmouth.

and Harwich, which were by five or more of the said Commissioners judged proper to be purchased, have insisted upon extravagant Rates, and refused to agree with the said Commissioners, with out unreasonable Gain to themselves; other Proprietors by Reason of Nonage, Coverture, or especial Limitations in Settlements, were disabled to treat and agree as aforesaid; which Reasons five or more of the said Commissioners, pursuant to the said Act, issued out their Warrants to the Sheriffs of each County, where the said several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments respectively lay, to impa -- ' nel and return before them, at such Times and Places as by such Warrants were appointed, a sufficient Jury, and at such Times and Places respectively, a sufficient Jury appeared, who upon their Oaths did inquire into, and present the true Value of all such Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the E ' states and Interests therein, as the said Commissioners could not agree for as aforesaid; several Verdicts or Inquisitions have been returned and certified, with the whole Proceedings thereupon, to her Majesty, into the High Court of Chancery, pursuant and according to the said Act of Parliament; and it being highly necessarily, that all and singular the Proprietors, Owners and Possessors should be paid their several and respective Sums agreed for, and the several Sums assessed by the Juries on Oath as aforesaid, and that the several Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments should, upon Payment of the said Sums, be vetted in her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, to and for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid? it enacted, C

<£ After 10 April 1710, the Messuages, C specified by Inquisitions returned, are settled in Trustees, for "the Use of the respective Owners. The Queen may appoint Commissioners, who may determine all "Rights, Cfc. The Commissioners to enter their Decrees in Books, C Which Decrees hall be certified to the Clerk of the Crown, and be final. The Commissioners shall give 30 Days Notice of their "Meeting. How the Proprietors shall be paid for their respective Estates. No private Buildings to be "erected on any such Lands. If any House, Cfc. shall belong to Persons disabled to receive the Money, "the Commissioners may order it to be paid for their Use, and laid out for purchasing other Lands for "the Parties interested; till such Purchase can he had, the Commissioners to place out the Money at "Interest, to be paid to the respective Parties.

PR.

Anno Regni ANN je Reginae nono.

*In the Re*is added, 1 C Amd continued

AT the Parliament begun and held at Wefmifter the twenty-fifth Day of November, Anno Dorn.

1710. in the ninth Year of the Reign of our Soverign Lady A N NORTHEAST, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of Faith, C*the first Session of this present Parliament.'

by several Adjournments till the twelfth Day of July, in the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign.

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, far the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven. 4 s. in the Pound.

EXP.

CAP. II.

An Act to oblige Ships coming from Places infefted, more effectually to perform their

Quarentine.

Rep. 7 Geo. 1. ' IT WHEREAS several Places on or near the Baltic Sea are and have been, for sometime past, inc. 3. 5, 22. ' fefted with the Plague j and her Majesty, for preventing that Infection being brought into her

Do

42 I

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann Reginae. C 3 — 5.

t Dominions by Persons or Merchandizes coming from Places infected, hath by several Orders made by < her in Council, and by her Royal Proclamation, dated the ninth Day of November in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, required a Quarantine to be performed by all Ships and Persons coming from Places infected, as therein is directed: whereas it is necessary that some Provision be made by Act ' of Parliament, for obliging all Persons concerned to perform their Quarentine in such Manner as hath been, or shall be, in Times of Infection, ordered by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and for punishing Offenders therein, in a more expeditious Manner than at present can be in the ordinary Methods of the Law; ' Be it enacted, (sc "

"Ships coming from Places infected, to make their Quarentine in such Place, (s'c. as shah be direct "ed by her Majesty, C No Person shall go on board such Ships without Licence; and such Ships,

"Persons, &c. shall be subject to the Orders of the Queen, &c. After the 25th of Dec. 1710, if any tc Master, &c. shall go on Shore, &c. or permit any Person so to do, without Licence, the Ship, &c.

"shall be forfeited to the Queen. Persons coming on Shore, to be compelled to return on board, there "to remain during the Quarentine. Punishment of Persons leaving such Ship. Forfeiture, howto be "applied. Persons going on board such Ship, and returning on Shore, to be compelled to return on "board again, there to remain during the Quarentine. The Person who takes Care of the Quarentine,

"may seize any Boat belonging to the Ship, and detain it during the Quarentine. Punishment of such "fullering any Seamen, (sc. to quit such Ship. Watches to be kept to prevent Persons from "coming on Shore or going on board. After the Quarentine is performed, and Proof made thereof upon snfanberlgea. "Oath, and Certificate given, the Ship, &c. to be no longer detained, is. only to be paid for such 1, J "and Certificate, over and above the Stamp Duties. After the Quarentine performed, the Goods \ G'

"to be open'd and air'd." REP. 26geo.i. c.t.

20 Geo. 2. c. 8. 33c».2. C

CAP. III.

An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act to continue the Acts for recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven.

Officers shall receive such Personas shall voluntarily lift himself before any two Commissioners, who shall cause the 14th and 23d Articles of War to be read to him, after which he shall be deemed a listed Soldier. If any Action be brought for a just Debt (not less than 20].) against such Volunteer, and he be arrested, and then discharged as a listed Soldier, he shall within two Months be sent beyond Sea, to serve the Queen as a Soldier; otherwise he shall have no protection as a Soldier. This Proviso altered by9 Annse, C 9. fedt. 2. The Person who discharges him, shall make an Entry thereof. Commissioners shall examine Persons lifted, and if they are Seamen, they shall be discharged. Commissioners to meet from Time to Time.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for securing the Freedom of Parliaments, by the farther qualifying the Members to sit in the House of Commons.

FOR the better preserving the Constitution and Freedom of Parliament, be it enacted and declared No Person shall

by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual be a Member,

and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, who hath not

That from and after the Determination of this present Parliament, no Person shall be capable to sit or

vote as a Member of the House of Commons, for any County, City, Borough or Cinque Port, within, f>'7< 'J

that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, 3 & 6 W. 3. C

who shall not have an Estate, Freehold or Copyhold, for his own Life, or for some greater Estate, cither 7/ 57-

m Law or Equity, to and for his own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, 5 6 Ng 3' cover

and above what will satisfy and clear all Incumbrances that may afiedt the same, lying or being within 4 f' 4.

that Part of Great Britain called England, the Dominion of Wales, and Town of Berwick upon Tweed, of 7 & w. 3.' C

the respective annual Value hereafter limited, videlicet, The annual Value of six hundred Pounds, above 7 Sf 25,

Reprizes, for every Knight of a Shire; and the annual Value of three hundred Pounds, above Reprizes, for 11 III & % ' I

every Citizen, Burgess or Baron of the Cinque Ports; and that if any Person, who shall be elected or reef r

turned to serve in any Parliament, as a Knight of a Shire, or as a Citizen, Burgess or Baron of the Cinque cumbrance? "and

Ports, shall not, at the Time of such Election and Return, be seized of, or intituled to such an Estate, in lying in England,

Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, as for such Knight or for such Citizen, Burgess or Baron respectvir.

tively, is herein before required or limited, such Election and Return shall be void. ev ry Knight of

a Shire, 6ool. a

Year. Every Citizen, &c. 300 1. a Year. Any Person returned, who hath not such an Estate, the Return shall be void.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Acts contained, shall extend to make the eldest Son, or Heir This Act not r Apparent of any Peer, or Lord of Parliament, or of any Person qualified by this Act to serve as Knight of extend to thecl a'shire, uneapable of being deeded and returned, and sitting and voting as a Mamber of the House of Com 1611 Son mons in any Parliament. 5 c^sllt

serve as Knight of a Sbi«^,

422 C 5. Anno nono Annje Reginas A.D. 1710.

The Universities

III. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend to mayeleflan^re e; there Of the Universities in that Part of Great Britain called England, but that they, and each of them as former?y.'" may elect and return Members to represent them in Parliament, as heretofore they have done; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

None to be qua

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall lifted by virtue of be construed to be qualified to sit in the House of Commons, within the Meaning of this Act, by virtue any Mortgage, of any Mortgage whatsoever, whereof the Equity of Redemption is in any other Person or Persons, un unless themort ]efs the Mortgagee shall have been in Possession of the mortgaged Premises, for the Space of seven Years fn Possession fe" before the Time of his Election; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, ven Years before the Election.

Every Candidate,

V. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person (except as at the aforesaid) who from and after the Determination of this present Parliament, shall appear as a Candidate,

dictate, 1 o^of wo or shall, by himself or any others, be proposed to be elected to serve as a Member for the House of of the Voters, Commons, for any County, City, Borough, or Cinque Port in England, Wales, or Benvick upon Tweed, shall take the shall, and lie is hereby enjoined and required, upon reasonable Request to him to be made (at the Time following Oath; of such Election, or before the Day to be prefixed in the Writ of Summons for the Meeting of the Parliament) by any other Person who shall stand Candidate at such Election, or by any two or more Persons having Right to vote at such Election, take a Corporal Oath in the Form, or to the Effect following

I A.B. do swear, That I truly and Iona side have such an Estate in Law or Equity, to and for my own Use and Benefit, of or in Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments (over and above what will satisfy and clear all Encumbrances that may affect the same) of the annual Value of six hundred Pounds, ' above Reprizes, as doth qualify me to be elected and returned to serve as a Member for the County of according to the Tenor and true Meaning of the Act of Parliament

in that Behalf; and that my said Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are lying or being within the £ Parish, 1 ovvnship, or Precinct of Or, in the several Parishes, Town

ships, or Precincts of in the County of Or, in the several

Counties of (as the Case may be)

tf the Candidate VI nj in case such Candidate or Person is to serve for any City, Borough, or Cinque Port, then the'o»th liiau°' the said Oath shall relate only to the said Value of three hundred Pounds per Annum, and be taken to relate only to the same Efteft, mutatis mutandis, as is hereby prescribed for the Oath of a Person to serve as a Member 3001. per Ann. for such County as aforesaid,

mutatis mutan

ls

VII. And it is hereby enacted that the respective Oaths aforesaid shall and may be administered by the

The Oath to be Sheriff, or Under Sheriff, for any such County as aforesaid, or by the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Officer or th!tsheriff Sec. Officers for any City, Borough, or Port, to whom it shall appertain to take the Poll, or make the Return who shall within at such Election for the same County, Borough, or Port respectively, or by any two or more Justices three Months af of the Peace within England, Wales, and Berwick upon Tweed -, and the said Sheriff, Mayor, Bailiff, or ter the taking other Officers, and the said Justices of the Peace respectively, who shall administer the said Oaths, are thereof, certify hereby required to certify the taking thereof into her Majesty's High Court o Chancery, or the queen's the queent° Bench, within three Months after the taking the same, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of one Benchor Chan hundred Pounds, to wit, One Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety thereof to such per eery, or forfeit son or Persons as will sue for the same, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, 100 Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and if any of the said

One Moiet to f 'anchdates or Persons proposed to be elected as aforesaid, shall wilfully refuse, upon reasonable Request t'h"eque°en, the 'to mace at the Time of the Election, or at any Time before the Day upon which such Parliament by other to him, the Writ of Summons is to meet, to take the Oath hereby required, then the Election and Return of such who will foe Candidate or Person shall be void.

C with Costs.

Candidate refusing to take the Oath, his Election to be void.

One Shilling on

VIII. And it is hereby enacted, That no See or Reward shall be taken, for administering any such Oath, firing thtoath or rnakin[?' receiving, or filing the Certificate thereof, except one Shilling for administering the Oath, as. forcertifi ar "I tw0 Shillings for making the Certificate, and two Shillings for receiving and filing the same, under

cate, and z s.

the Penalty of twenty Pounds, to be forfeited by the Offender, and to be recovered and divided as for filing; Pe aforesaid.

nalty zo 1.

Farther Pravifons concerning Parliament, 10 Ann, C ig & 23. j Geo. j. C 38 & 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. a. C 23, 8 Geo. a. C 30, 9 Geo. a. C 38, gfioj, 2, C. 34. 13 Geo. a, c 20. 13 Geo. 2. fi, 22* ig Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. 33 Geo. 2. % C 20,

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann; Regina. C 6, 423

CAP. VI.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported -, and certain Duties upon Coals to be water born and carried Coastwise j and for granting further Duties upon Candles, for thirty-two Years; to raise fifteen hundred thousand Pounds, by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and and eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being desirous, by the most speedy, easy, and effectual Ways and Means, to raise the necessary Supplies for prosecuting the present War (in which your Majesty hath been for several Years engaged) against the French King, and for enabling your Ma For the appu jesty, at the End thereof, to establish a good and lading Peace, have for that End and Purpose given and ^atio "granted, and do by this present Act give and grant unto your Majesty, the several Customs, Subsidies, from this a^fee and other Duties, for and upon such several Goods, Merchandizes, and Commodities to be exported, or g Anns, C 23, which hall be shipped to be exported from or out of Great Britain, as are herein after expressed 3 and §.85. such Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cynders, which are or hall be water born and carried from any Port or Place of Great Britain to any other Port or Place of the same; and such further Duties upon Candles made in Great Britain, or imported into the same, as are hereafter in this Act more particularly mentioned; and we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by. the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, in Form following:

Whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 12 Car. 2. C 4, King Charles the Second (of blessed Memory) commonly called The Ail of Tonnage and Poundage (amongst other Things therein contained) a certain Subsidy of Poundage for and upon all Manner of Goods and Merchandizes to be carried out of the Realm of England, or any the Dominions to the same belonging, that is to say, twelve Pence of the Value of every twenty Shillings, of the same Goods and Merchandizes, according to the several and particular Rates and Values thereof, as they were particularly and respectively rated and valued in the Book therein mentioned and referred unto, and other Duties, were granted to his said late Majesty, during his Life, except as therein is excepted: And whereas after granting the said Subsidy. aforesaid, several other Acts of Parliament have been made, whereby the said Subsidy of Poundage, or some Part or Parts of the said Subsidy of Poundage, for and upon several of the said Goods, Merchandizes, and Commodities, exported or to be exported as aforesaid, were (together with several Customs or Duties upon Goods and Merchandizes imported) granted for several Terms successively, the last of which Terms was granted by an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good r Anna, flat, r, Deficiences, and preserving the public Credit, and continued until the first Day of august in the Year of our C 13.

Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the said Subsidy of Poundage, as to several Goods, mer chendizes, and Commodities exported, which were originally charged therewith by the said Act of the twelfth year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, hath been, by several Acts of Parliament, since i2car. 2. C 4, taken away, lessened, or altered: Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so much s[)bfld of of the said Subsidy of Poundage, and other Duties (first granted by the said Act of the twelfth Year of Poundage, C the Reign of King Charles the Second as aforesaid) on several Goods and Merchandizes exported, as Outwards', redid remain or had Continuance until the first Day of August in this present Year of our Lord one thou viv') and conti sand seven hundred and ten, or which by Force or virtue of the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's nutdfor^i'vears Reign, For making good Deficiencies, and the Act of the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, For the Union midtrp, r

of the two Kingdoms England and Scotland, or by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating the re petual by 3 Geo. unto, were payable or existent on the last Day of July in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven r. C 7. §' 1. hundred and ten, for any Goods or Merchandizes exported, hall, by Force and virtue of this Act' be j Anns, C S, revived, and be further continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, forsee 3 ?e' and upon the like Goods and Merchandizes respectively to be exported from Great Britain, from and af C IS' ter the eighth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing (other than and except such Duties as were formerly granted to be paid upon the Exportation of Sea Coals for Parts beyond the Seas, instead whereof other Duties are imposed by this present Act.)

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Subsidy of Poundage, and other How thefo Da duties upon Goods and Merchandizes exported, hereby revived and continued, during all the Term of tie's. fcs Years therein granted as aforesaid, and all Arrearages of the same, hall and may, from time to time, be rais 13'^1 ed, received, levied, and recovered, by such Ways and Means, and under such penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances for Goods lost or taken at Sea, and such other Allowances, and in such Manner and Form, as the like Subsidy of Poundage and other Duties, which continued until the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ten, were or might be raised, received, levied, or recovered by any Law or Statute which was in Force on the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten and that so much of the said Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and of the izcar. 2.0, 4. Order of the Commons in Parliament assembled, bearing Date the seventeenth Day of May one thousand six hundred and sixty two, for settling of Officers Fees, and all such Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Matters

Subsidy, &c. taken away or diminished by Aits of Parliament, not revived.

Leather, Sec,

C 6. Anno nono Annje Reginae. A.D. 1710.

Matters and Things, contained in the Add last mentioned, or in any other Act or Acts of Parliament whatsoever, as on the said last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and ten were in Force for the raising, receiving, levying, or recovering, or for making Allowances out of the said Subsidy of Poundage and other Duties on Goods or Merchandizes exported, which had Continuance until the said first Day of jlugvji one thousand seven hundred ten, shall be revived, praddifed and put in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying and recovering, or making Allowances out of the Subsidy of Poundage and other Duties hereby imposed on Goods and Merchandizes to be exported, during the said Term of thirty-two Years, and all Arrearages of the same, as fully and effeddually, as if they were particularly and at large recited and set down in the Body of this present Add.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That where the Subsidy of Poundage, or other Duties formerly "ranted as aforesaid, on Goods or Merchandizes exported, have been taken away, in Part, or in the whole, upon any particular Goods or Merchandizes so exported, by virtue of any Act or Acts of Parliament, or by any Clause or Clauses contained in any such Add or Adds formerly made for taking away or diminishing the same, in all such Cases, the Subsidy or Duty, or such Part of the said Subsidy or Duty so taken away, shall not be revived or continued by virtue of this present Add; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And it is hereby also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for and during the Term of thirty tni\ be rxpor, cb two Years, to be reckoned from the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, it shall cenr.bfor jipcr an may '3c lawful fr any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, to buy in open Fair or Market, year's. and to export and transport from Great Britain into Ireland, or any Foreign Parts beyond the Seas, all

Made perpetual Sorts of Leather sheep skins or calves skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, paying for each hundred Weight by3geo. ic. Gf aj| Sorts of Leather, sheep skins, and calves skins, containing one hundred and twelve Pounds, and so proportionally for a greater or icfter Quantity, the Sum of twelve Pence, and no more; any former

farther Law Statute, or Usage to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. cb, 11, and likewise 10 Ann. C 26. 12 Ann. St. 2. C 9. 3 Geo. 1. c. 4. 5 Geo. 1. c. 2. 12 Geo. 2. c. 25.

Duty upon Coals hipped to be exported; made perpetual by j Geo. i. C 7.

§. 1.

Whdt to be paid for Coals carried from Scotland to Ireland, or the Isle of Man.

9 Annie, C 23.

Security to be given for Coale hipped for Ireland, or the Isle of Man, See,

The Duties on Coals 15 Car. 2, C 7. and 6 Annze, C 22. not to be charged during this Act.

Additional Duties zjc laid on Coals exported in foreignbottonrs, by 12 Aniiee, flat. 2. C9$.9. gnd perpetuated by

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after mentioned (and none other) shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon all Coals, which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to commence from the eighth Day of March in the present Year of our Lord one thousand feveri hundred and ten, shall be exported, or shipped to be exported beyond the Seas (that is to say) For all Coals of Wales, or the West of England, which shall be shipped for Exportation to Ireland, or the Isle of Man, the Sum of one Shilling for every Chalder (reckoning the Chalder to consist of thirty-six Bushels jvmchester Measure) and after that Rate for 'a greater or Idler Quantity; for every Chalder. (like Winchester Measure) of Coals, which shall be shipped for Exportation to any of her Majesty's Plantations, the Sum of two Shillings, and proportionably for any greater or lesser Quantity; and for every Chalder of Coals [Newcastle Measure) which shall be shipped for Exportation to any Parts beyond the Seas (other than as aforesaid) in Foreign built Bottoms, twelve Shillings, and in English built Bottoms, three Shillings; and after those Rates for greater or lesser Quantities; and for such Coals which at any Time during the said Term of thirty-two Years shall be so exported, or shipped to be exported as aforesaid, for Ireland, or the Isle of Man, or for the Planta or other Parts beyond the Seas (in case they are such Coals as are usually sold by Weight) the proportional Rates following: videlicet. For such Coals to be exported for Ireland, or the Isle of Man, eight Pence per Tun, reckoning the Tun to be twenty hundred Weight, and for such Coals shipped for Exportation to the Plantations, sixteen Pence for every such Tun; and for every such Tun of such Coals which shall be shipped for Exportation to any other Parts beyond the Seas, one third Part of the said Rates charged thereupon, in case they were shipped by Newcastle Measure as aforesaid, and proportionally for greater or lesser Quantities: The said respective Duties on Coals exported to be raised, levied, uplifted, and recovered in the same Manner, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and by such Rules, Ways, and Methods, as any other Customs or Duties, payable to her Majesty upon the Exportation of any Goods or Merchandizes, are by this at, or by any other Law or Statute now in force, to be raised, levied, uplifted, or recovered in England or Scotland respectively.

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That good Security shall be given to the Officers of the Customs in the respective Ports where any of the said Coals shall be shipped for Exportation to Ireland, the Isle of Man, or any of the said Plantations, for landing such Coals in Ireland, the Isle of Man, or such Plantations respectively, and not elsewhere (Danger of the Seas and Enemies excepted) and in case the Ship or Vessel, on which the Coals for which such Security ought to be given, shall depart or go out of Port without giving the same, then such Ship or Vessel, and the Coals therein, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, and shall and maybe recovered, to wit. One Moiety thereof to the Use of the Queen, and the other Moiety thereof to the use of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform or sue for the same.

VII. And it is hereby provided and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Term of

thirty-two Years last mentioned, no Duties shall be charged or raised to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, for or upon the Exportation of any Coals to or for any of her Majesty's Plantations, by the at for the Encouragement of Trade, made in the fifteenth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, or for any Coals to be exported in Foreign Bottoms, by an act made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign in that Behalf, or for any Coals whatsoever, upon the Exportation thereof to Parts beyond the Seas, other than the several and respective Rates and Duties by this at imposed upon the same, during the Continuance thereof; any other Law or Statute whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding, VIII. And

A.D. 1jio. Anno nono ann e Regina. C 6. 425

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that for and during the Term of thirty-two Duty upon Coals, Years, commencing from the said eighth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun Culm, and cyn dred and ten, and no longer, there shall be raised, levied, uplifted, collected, and paid, unto and for dors lamed the Life of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon all Coals, Culm, and Cynders (except Charcoal made of Wood) which shall be shipped or water born, and carried from any Port or Place in greubritain; Great Britain, to any other Port or Place within the same, in such Manner as is herein after expressed; made perpetual and for all Coals (if any such be) which shall be imported into Great Britain from any Foreign Parts, by 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. the several and respective Impositions, Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned (over§' and above all such Duties as are already granted or payable for or in Respect of the same Coals, Culm, Duty on Coals and Cynders, so water born, and carried Coastwise, and in Respect of the said Coals so imported, or imported from any of them) that is to say, For all Coals which at any Time or Times, within or during the said Term madtfperpytual of thirty-two Years last mentioned, shall be imported or brought into the said Kingdom of Great Bri bj 3 Geo. : C tain from any Part beyond the Sea (in case they are such Coals as are moll usually sold by Weight) the j.

Sum of two Shillings for every Tun (reckoning the Tun to consist of twenty hundred Weight, and every Hundred to consist of one hundred and twelve Pounds Weight of Averdupois) and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity; and for all Coals so imported from any Part beyond the Sea, being most usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Measure whatsoever reducible to the Chalder, the Sum of three Shillings for every Chalder, reckoning each Chalder to consist of thirty-six Bushels Winchester Measure as aforesaid, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity of such Coals so imported, cr brought in from any Foreign Parts; the said Duties for Foreign Coals imported, or brought in as aforesaid, to be paid by the respective Importer or Importers thereof: And for all Sorts of Coals On Coals car from time to time shipped, or water born in order to be shipped, or laid on board any Ship or Veiled to ried Coastwise, be carried hv Sea, and which shall be carried by Sea, in any Ship or Vessel from any Port or Place within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any Time or Times, within or during the same Term, shall be imported, brought or landed in any other Port or Place within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, being moult usually sold by the Chalder, or by any other Measure whatsoever reducible to the Chalder, the Sum of two Shillings for every Chalder, to be reckoned as aforesaid, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for all Sorts of Coals from time to time so hipped, or water born in order to be shipped, and carried by Sea from any Port or Place of the Kingdom of Great Britain, and which at any Time or Times during the same Term shall be imported, brought or landed in any other Port or Place of the same (in case they are such as are most usually sold by Weight) the Sum of sixteen Pence for every Tun, and according to that Proportion for more or less, the said several Duties for Coals so Dripped, or water born to be shipped and carried by Sea as aforesaid, from time to time to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation, or landing of such Coals, and to be charged on the respective Owner and Owners, Mailer or other Persons having the Charge of every such Ship or Vessel, or of the Coals so carried, imported, or brought in the same: And for all Culm whatsoever, which at any Time during the same Term of thirty Duty on Culm, two Years, shall be water born in order to be shipped within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, or brought into the same, the Sum of fourpence, and eight tenth Parts of a Penny, for every such Chalder as aforesaid, and after that Rate to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation or landing of such Culm, and to be charged on the respective Owner and Owners, or Master ormasters, or other Persons having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel, or of the Culm so carried, imported or brought in the same: And for all Cynders made of pit coal, which at any Time or Times during the same Term of Duty oncvndets, thirty-two Years shall be shipped, or water born in order to be shipped within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, or brought into the same, the Sum of two Shillings for every Such Chalder as aforesaid, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid at the respective Ports and Places of Importation or landing such Cynders, and to be charged upon the respective Owner and Owners, Master and Matters, or other Persons having the Charge of the Ship or Vessel in which the said Cynders shall be carried, imported or brought.

IX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Duties by this Act im Tbcf<= Duties on' posed, within and throughout the said Kingdom of Great Britain, for and upon such Coals, Culm and Coals, C to be Cynders which shall be water born, and carried Coastwise, or from one Part of Great Britain to any l'viedas by tie other Part of the same as aforesaid, during all the Time and Term by this Act granted therein, and all Anns, t;

Arrearages thereof, shall and may be raised, levied, collected, and recovered in such or the like Manner and Form, and subject to such Allowances and Repayments, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures,

Disabilities, and according to such Rules and Methods, and Directions, as by the Act of Parliament made in the fourth k ear of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing an additional Subsidy of Tonnage. annie and Poundage, and certain Duties upon Coals, Culm and Cynders; and additional Duties of Excise; for Jet 4 1

tling and cjfahlishing a Fund thereby, and by other Ways and Means, for Payment of Annuities, to be sold for raising a further Supply to her Majesty for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred andfx, and other Uj'es therein mentioned, or by any other Law or Statute whatsoever were prescribed or appointed for the raising, levying, securing, collecting, or recovering the Duties upon the like Coals, Culm, and Cynders, which had Continuance until the thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Clauses,

Matters and Things, which were contained in the said Act of the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or were or are in any other Acts or Statutes thereby referred unto, for the managing, raising, levying, securing, collecting, recovering, or accounting for the said Duties, upon Coals, Culm and Cynders, which were granted or continued until the said thirtieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten as aforesaid, shall be and are, by Force and Virtue of this present Act, revived, and shall be in full Force, and be duly observed, practised, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, fe

426 C 6. Anno nono Anna: Reginae. A.D. 1710.

curing, recovering and accounting for the Duties upon the like Coals, Culm and Cynders by this Act granted, for and during the whole Term hereby granted of and in the same, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Clauses, Matters and Things, were again expressed, and particularly repeated and re enacted in the Body of this present Act.

Coals carried ' X And whereas a Doubt may arise whether Coals, Culm or Cynders carried from the Bridge of from Sterling to Sterling, which is on the Firth of Forth, to the Town of Dunbar, or to Redhead, are liable to the Duties j^ibar or, Red' C by this Act imposed, as if they were carried to Sea It is hereby provided, enacted and declared, That He. n C arge" Coal, Culm and Cynders, so carried from the Bridge of Sterling to the Town of Dunbar, or to Reds D - 'head, or to any Part betwixt them, shall not, by reason of such Carriage, be liable to the Duties by this Coal see farther, Act 'mp°fed; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

9 Ann. C 23. 12 ann.fi. 2. C g. 5 Geo. 1. c. 9. 6 Geo. I. C 4. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 30 Geo. 1. e. ig.fi. 28.

Dunes on Can

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected fromfor 3marchs anc Pa'^'. unto ar, d fr Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Candles which at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twenty made perpetual fifth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall be imported bj 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or made within the same, (over and above all other Cuf § toms, Subsidies, Duties of Excise, or other Duties already imposed thereupon, or to be paid for the same,

by or during the Continuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament in that Behalf) the further Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, For all Candles made of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles, (notwithstanding the Mixture of any other Ingredients therewith) which shall be so imported, the Sum of fourpence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for all Candles made of Fallow, and other Candles whatsoever, (except the Wax Candles before charged) which shall be so imported, one halfpenny for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; the said several Duties for and upon all imported Candles to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers thereof, before the land ing of the same respectively; there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon all Candles, which at any Time or Times, within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years last mentioned, shall be made within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, the further Duties herein after mentioned; that is to say, For all Candles of Wax, or usually called or sold for Wax Candles, (notwithstanding any Mixture as aforesaid)) shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of fourpence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and for all Candles of Tallow, and other Candles whatsoever, (except the Wax Candles before charged) which shall be so made in Great Britain, one halfpenny for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; the said several Duties for the said Candles, so to be made in Great Britain, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

duty°n Can

XII. And it is he eby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective Duties by as by Anna taft imposed for and upon all Candles imported or made as aforesaid, for and during all the term.of C'Years hereby granted, of and in the same, and all Arrearages thereof, shall and may from time to time,

be raised, received, levied, recovered and secured, by such Ways and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of adjudging and mitigating Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Power of making Compositions, and other Powers, and subject to such Allowances, Drawbacks, Rules and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner and Form, as the like Duties upon Candles granted by an Act of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, whereby certain Duties were laid upon Candles, towards raising her Majesty's Supply for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, are by that Act, or by any Law or Statute thereby referred unto, prescribed, appointed or enacted to be raised, received, levied, secured or recovered, during the Continuance thereof; and that the Act last mentioned, and all the Clauses, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters and Things therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, compounding, paying or accounting for the said Duties upon Candles thereby granted, during the Continuance thereof, or any Arrearages of the same, are and shall be by Force and virtue of this Act continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, compounding, paying and accounting for the Duties upon Candles by this Act granted, and making Allowances out of the same, during the said Term of thirty-two Years hereby granted, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act.

Stock in Hand

XIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Candles which any Wax 25 March 1711. Chandler, Tallow Chandler or other Sellers and Dealers in Candles in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or their Use, shall be possessed of, or interested in, upon the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, for Sale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majesty, (over and above the Duties before this Time imposed thereupon) the like respective Rates, as are by this Act to be paid for the like Sorts of Candles to be made after the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and that all the Directions, 8 Anns, C 9. Powers, Penalties, Forfeitures, Rules and Clauses whatsoever, contained in the said Act of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, relating to the Stock of Candles which was in the Hands of any Chandlers, or other Sellers or Dealers in Candles, or of others in Trust for them or any of them, or to their Use, 1, on

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Anna; Reginae.

C 6.

427

on the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall by Force and Virtue of this Act be exercised, practised and put in Execution, in and for ascertaining, Securing, charging, levying, recovering and paying the Rates by this Act: imposed upon tlje Stock of Candles, which shall be in the Hands of any such Persons as aforesaid, on the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, and for making Allowances and Drawbacks in respect thereof.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who compounjers t by virtue or in pursuance of the Act before mentioned of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or of this pay their com present Act, have made or shall make any Competition for the Duties on their Candles by that Act and p°c'.ion Money this present Actor either of them granted, shall from time to time, during the Continuance of the said the Act s'aihh/ respective Duties, continue such their Composition for the Duties thereby and by this Act granted, and and this Act, &c' pay their Composition Money, according to the Purport, true Intent and Meaning of the same Acts, or

in Default thereof shall be and are hereby charged and made liable to pay unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the several and respective Duties by the said Act of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign S Annie, C 9.

and this present Act charged upon all Candles, which he, she or they, or any Person or Persons intrust

for him, her or them, shall be possessed of at the Time of the Determination of such Composition; and

that and every such Person and Persons who have or hath made, or shall make such Composition for their said Duties upon Candles as aforesaid, and shall make Default in continuing the same, shall, within ten

Days after making such Default, make true and particular Entries upon Oath, and in case such Person be

a Quaker, then upon his, her or their Affirmation, of all such Candles as they, or any of them, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of them, shall be possessed of, or have in his or their Custody

or Possession, at the Office of Excise, within the Limits of which they shall respectively inhabit; upon Pain

to forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, and the Candles of which no such Entry shall be made; and within

six Days after he, she or they shall have made, or ought to have made, their respective Entries as aforesaid,

shall pay down to the Person appointed to receive the same, the Duties hereby and by the said Act of the

eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign charged upon the same, or in Default thereof shall forfeit and lofc

double the Value of the said Candles; and that the Houses, Outhouses and other Places belonging to such

Compounders, who shall make Default in continuing such their Compositions as aforesaid, shall be and

are hereby made liable to the Search and View of any Officers for the said Duties, in the same Manner,

and under the same Penalties and Forfeitures, as other Persons making Candles for Sale are liable unto.

XV. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend, or be construed to extend to charge the Duties Small Ruffi

on Candles herein before mentioned, on such small Rush Lights as shall be made by any Persons, to be L |his nc d, p used in their own Houses only, so as none of them be sold or delivered out, or be made for Sale, and so as not are such small Rush Lights be only once dipped in, or once drawn through Grease or kitchen stuff, and not at all through any Tallow melted or refined; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XVI. And whereas several People, who have made Candles for their own private Use only, have < through Ignorance or Inadvertency, contrary to an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of her pre 8 Anns, C gt e sent Majesty, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty on Candles, neglected giving due Notice in Writing to the next Office of Excise, as the said Act requires, and as they ought to have done; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Person or Persons, shall be and are hereby freed Persons igno and discharged of and from all and every the Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures of the said Act, not recover «ntly having ed before the six and twentieth Day of February one thousand seven hundred and ten t Provided that such mjde Caqdles» Person or Persons, having so neglected and offended as aforesaid, do, before the first Day of May one notictto the thousand seven hundred and eleven, pay or cause to be paid (unto the proper Officer as the said Act di next Office, in redts) the Duty which by him, her or them respectively, ought to have been paid by virtue of that Act; demnified, pay and in Default thereof, such Person or Persons respectively shall lose the Benefit of the Indemnity granted ine the Duty by say this Act. 1 May 1711.

J Concerning Duties on Candles see farther, io Ann. C 26. 11 Geo. 1. c. 30* 23 Geo. 2. c. 21. and 26 Geot z. C 32*

XVII. And for the better levying and raising the several Duties and Sums of Money by this Act granted, which are to arise upon the Exportation or Importation of any Goods, Merchandizes or Commodities whatsoever, or upon such Coals, Culm and Cynders, as shall be waterborn and carried Coastwise as aforesaid; is hereby enacted, That such of the same Duties and Sums of Money as shall arise or be due or The duties arl payable in that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed., shall, fiag byexporta from time to time, be under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs in Eng 'I0" or land for the time being, who shall cause those Duties from time to time to be raised, levied, collected and thtmanr.ee'ment paid to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Customs in England for the time being; and that such of the Commis receiver or Receivers General in Enjfland for the time being, shall pay all the Money arising thereby (such sioners of the additional Charges as shall be necessary for receiving, levying, managing, paying and accounting for the Customs, C same, excepted) into her Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer, distinct and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenue, weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not an holy day, and if it be, then on the next Day after that is not an holy day, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein after mentioned; and that such of the said Duties and Sums of Money by this Act granted, which shall arise or be due or payable in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, upon the Exportation or Importation of any Goods, Merchandizes or Commodities whatsoever, or upon such Coals, Culm and Cynders, as shall be waterborn or carried Coastwise as aforesaid, hall from time to time be under the Management and Government of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being, who shall cause those Duties, from time to time, to be raised, levied, collected

II. i 2 and

4-28

i3 & 14 Car. 2, C XX

6 Anna?, C 8.

Duty of one percent. on Goods exported to the Mediterranean, can

on White Woollen Clothes exported, appropriated for 32 Years.

Made perpetual by 3 Geo. x. C 7.

Appropriation of the several Duties,

The Officers for managing these Duties liable to the a€l9 & 10 W. 3. C 44.

C 6. Anno nono Ann, Reginae. A.D. 1710.

and paid to the Receiver or Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and that such Receiver or Receivers General of the Customs in Scotland for the time being shall transmit and pay, or cause to be paid, all the Moneys arising thereby (such additional Charges as shall be necessary for receiving, levying, managing paying and adcounting for the same, excepted) into her Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer in England, distintit and apart as aforesaid, froifi time to time, as such Receiver or Receivers General in Scotland shall have received any such Moneys as aforesaid, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein after mentioned.

XVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament, made in the fourteenth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses in his Majesty's Cuf ' toms, and by the Paid Act of Union relating thereunto, it is provided that every Merchant or other Person who shall export any Goods or Merchandizes from any Port of this Kingdom, capable of a Ship or vessel of two hundred Tuns, upon an ordinary full Sea, to any Port or Place of the Mediterranean Sea,

beyond the Port of Malaga, in any Ship or Vessel that hath not two Decks, and doth carry less than six teen Pieces of Ordnance mounted, together with two Men for each Gun, and other Ammunition pro portionable, shall pay for all the Wares and Merchandizes so exported or imported, an additional Duty of one percent, as is thereby prescribed; and by an Act of the sixth Year of her now majesty's Reign, C intituled, An Act for encouraging the Drejfing and Dying of Woollen Clothes within this Kingdom, by laying a Du' ty upon Broad Cloth exported White, it is enacted, That a Duty of five Shillings shall be paid to her Majesty. her Heirs and bucceflors, for every White Woollen Cloth, commonly called Broad Cloth, which shall be exported out of this Kingdom into Foreign Parts, as by that and several Acts may more fully appear: 'Now it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which at any Time or Times, within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the said eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, shall arise, or be due or payable, as well of or for the said additional Duty of one percent, for Goods to be exported in such Ships as aforesaid, as of or for the said Duty on White Woollen Clothes, formerly granted or imposed as aforesaid, shall also be under the Government and Management of the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, in England and Scotland respectively, who shall also cause those Duties from time to time to be raised, levied, collected and paid to the said respective Receiver or Receivers General for the time being; and that the said receiver-general in England for the time being, shall also pay the Moneys thereof which he shall receive (necessary Charges excepted) into her Majesty's Receipt of Exchequer in England, weekly as aforesaid, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein after mentioned; and the said receiver-general in Scotland for the time being, shall likewise pay or transmit the Money which he shall receive of the particular Duties last mentioned (necessary Charges as aforesaid excepted) into the same Receipt of Exchequer in England, from time to time, as he shall have received the same, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein after mentioned.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Subsidy of Poundage upon several Goods and Merchandizes to be exported; and the said Duty to arise upon the Exportation of Leather, sheepskins, and calve skins tanned, tawed or dressed; and the said several Duties to arise upon Coals, to be exported for Parts beyond the Seas, and the said several Duties to arise by Coals, Culm and cynders, which shall be waterborn, and carried from one Part of Great Britain to any other Part of the fapie; and the Money hereby appointed to be brought into the Exchequer of or for the said additional Duty of one percent, on Goods exported in such Ships as aforesaid; the said Duty on White Woollen Clothes; and the said Duties upon Candles made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and all other the Duties and Sums of Money by this Act granted, shall be liable to, and charged and chargeable with the yearly Fund herein after mentioned, and to and with all the Payments to be made out of the same in pursuance of this Act, during the whole Term of thirty-two Years herein after expressed; all the same Subsidies, Duties and Sums of Money (except the necessary Charges for Execution of this Act) are and shall be appropriated thereunto in such Manner, that all the Moneys which shall, from time to time, be or remain due or in Arrear for Principal or Interest upon this Act, shall from time to time, be paid and satisfied out of the said several and respective Duties by this Act granted or appointed for the Payments thereof, without being diverted to any other Use? Intent or Purpose whatsoever, under such Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are hereafter in this Act contained in that Behalf.

XX. And to the End all the Moneys arising by the said Subsidy of Poundage upon several Goods and Merchandizes to be exported; and by the said Duty upon Leather and such Skins to be exported, as aforesaid; by the said several Duties to arise upon Coals to be exported from Parts beyond the Seas; and by the said several Duties to arise upon Coals, cu in and Cynders, to be waterborn, and carried coast wise as aforesaid; by the said additional Duty of one percent, on Goods exported to the Mediterranean Sea as aforesaid; by the said Duty upon White Woollen Clothes to be exported; and by the said Duties upon Candles made in Great Britain, or imported into tyre same; or by any other the Duties by this Act granted or appropriated, and every of them, may be duly and certainly raised and brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer for the Purposes aforesaid; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be appointed and kept, such and so many Commissioners of Customs and Excise, Receivers General, Collectors, Surveyors, and other judicial and ministerial Officers, as shall be proper and necessary for managing, governing, adjudging, levying, receiving, collecting and paying the said respective Duties by this Act granted or appropriated, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that the said Receivers General, Collectors, Surveyors and other Officers, who are or shall be concerned in the raising, collecting, receiving and

paying

A.D.

1710.

Anno nono anne Reginae.

C 6. 429

paying the same respective Duties or any of them, and keeping, and rendering the fever.il Accounts thereof, hall perform their several Duties therein, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the said Moneys, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by Virtue of an act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wilmam the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fundfor Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East indies, for t'nc like Offence or Neglect relating to the Duties upon Salt, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the at last mentioned.

XXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly, and every Year, during the Term of thirty-two Years, reckoning the first: A'ear to begin from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, the full Sum of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, by or cut of the Moneys to arise by the several Duties, Rates, and Sums of Money by this Act granted or appropriated, or any of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer as aforesaid, in case the same shall extend thereunto, final 1 be computed and reckoned to be a yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer for the said Duties, Rates, and Sums of Money so granted or appropriated, shall not amount to the Sum of one hundred and thirty-five thousand Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same shall extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund, for and towards the answering and paying of all and every the Principal Sums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the Sum of one Million nine hundred twenty-eight thousand five hundred and seventy Pounds principal Money, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, as herein after is mentioned; and in case the said Duties by this Act granted or appropriated shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year, to be reckoned as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising into the Exchequer, for or upon Account of the same Duties, shall not amount to as much as one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds, That then, and so often, and in every such Case, so much as shall be wanting to make upon the said Fund, or Sum of one hundred thirty-five thousand Pounds for every or any such Year, shall be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, out of the first Aid or Supply to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency shall appear, and shall, from Time to Time, be transferred thereunto, as soon as the same shall be granted; and in case no such Aid or Supply shall be granted, then by and out of any public Money which shall be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by Act of Parliament; and the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby ffridtly enjoined and required to make up such Deficiency accordingly, out of such unappropriated public Money, without any further or other Warrant or Authority for the same.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the Sum of one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the said War, by paying at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds, upon this Act; and that for the raising the said Sum of one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, any Person who will become a Contributor or Adventurer, shall and may advance the Sum of ten Pounds, for which Sum so advanced, be, file or they shall be intituled to receive such Principal Money, and the Interest thereof, to be paid as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the said yearly Fund, and the Surplus Moneys over and above the said yearly Fund (if any such Surplus Moneys shall arise) by virtue of this Act: And that every Contributor or Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of ten Pounds, as he, fly or they shall think fit; and for every such Sum of ten Pounds so advanced, he, she or they is, or are to be interested in one Lot or Share of and in the said yearly Fund, and the Surplus Money over and above the said yearly Fund (if any such Surplus shall arise) by virtue of this Act; and the same entire Sums of ten Pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions herein after mentioned; that is to say, one fourth Part thereof, on or before the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven; one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the first Day of June in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven; one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the second Day of July in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the first Day of Augustin the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven.

9 £.- jo W. 3. C 44.

t350001. robe ihe yearly Fund,

Deficiency to be irude goodbye Parliament, C

Natives or Foreigners may be come Adventurers.

Times of Payment.

Her Majesty to appoint Managers for the Lottery. Books to be provided with three Columns, &c. Receivers, to be appointed by the Treasury. Managers to examine the Books, and deliver them to the Receivers, &c. Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to redeliver the Books, &c. by 12 Sept. 1711. Middle Column Tickets to be rolled upon, and put into a Box, and twenty-four thousand nine hundred ninety-eight Tickets shall be fortunate; that is to say, One of them twelve thousand Pounds Principal Money; three of them five thousand Pounds; four of them four thousands; four of them three thousand Pounds; four of them two thousand Pounds; twenty of them one thousand Pounds; thirty of them five hundred Pounds; one hundred of them two hundred Pounds; two hundred and fifty of them one hundred Pounds; one thousand four hundred thirty-one of them fifty Pounds; and twenty-three thousand one hundred fifty-one of them severally, twenty Pounds Principal Money: 7'oge

3 "there

430 C 6. Anno nono Annje Reginoe. A.D. 1710.

"there with five hundred Pounds to the first drawn Ticket, and five hundred Pounds to the last drawn "Ticket; which will amount in the whole to six hundred seventy eight thousand five hundred and fe "Pounds; which Sum being added to one Million two hundred and fifty thousand Pounds, the CC Principal payable on the remaining one hundred twenty-five thousand blank Tickets, amount together "to one Million nine hundred twenty-eight thousand five hutidred and seventy Pounds. If one Million five hundred thousand Pounds be not paid in, then the Fund to be proportionable to the Sum advanced "Blanks to have ten Pounds Principal Money, and Interest at six Pounds percent. The Tickets to be "put into another Box, No Money to receive after 1 May 1711. Public Notice of the Time of cutting "the Tickets. The Manner of drawing the Tickets. The Manner of the second Drawing for the "Course of Payment. A Table of the Course of Payment to be printed. Managers to adjudge to whom "the fortunate Tickets belong. Fortunate Tickets to be printed. Forging Tickets Felony. Mana "may commit Forgers. Managers to make a Book of the Fortunate, and transmit it to the Exchequer. rayments to be half yearly. Managers to be sworn: Oath. Penalty on Officers of the Exchequer and other Officers offending. Money lent tax free. Tickets to be exchanged for stand "Orders. Notice to be given in the Gazette of the Times for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Orders. Orders to be numbered in Course, and Payment accordingly. Any Number of Tickets, not "exceeding one hundred, may be included in one Order, so as they be in the same thousand. Several "Orders for final] Sums in the same thousand, may be exchanged into one Order for larger Sums. The "Moneys arising by this Act:, to be applied to pay of the Principal and Interest. Deficiency of one Year to be made good out of the first: Money to arise in the next Year. Surplus of every Year to be "applied to pay Principal. Public Notice to be given when Orders shall become payable. Ten tc Pounds percent, allowed on the firs Payment. Six Pounds percent, on the other three Payments. "Receiver to have one Penny in the Pound, C Receivers may take in Moneys before they receive "their Books. Contributor advancing one Part of the Payment, and failing in the rest, forfeits what "paid. Treasury to appoint a Paymaster, sv. Assignments of all landing Orders to be registered. Of "to be paid out of the Moneys arising by this Act. Treasury may divide extraordinary Benefits of "two thousand Pounds or upwards, into Orders of five hundred Pounds, (Ac, If Principal and Interest "fully discharged before the thirty-two Years, then Duties to cease. Overplus disposable by Parliament. Guardians may contribute for Infants. [This Fund is redeemed, and the omitted Sections are "expired.]"

40 Ulls of Linen Cloth to pay 6 o. on Exportation.

LIII. And whereas a Doubt may arise whether all Pieces of Linen Cloth under forty Else exported,

are liable to the Duty of sixpence, by this Act or any former Act imposed, and hereby revived It is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That only forty Else of Linen Cloth, exported to foreign Parts, shall pay sixpence, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity of Else; anything in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLIV. And whereas all the Copper Ores found within the County of Cornwall, are. carried to be melted at such Places where Coals pay no Duty Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Cornwall, C to an{j after the ejg nth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, all Coals that shall be used for of th "Dwy ack melting Copper and Tin Ores within the Counties of Cornwall and Devon, for which Duties have been '1' first answered, shall upon Proof by Oath made before the Customer orcolledtor of the said Duties (which Oath he is hereby empowered to administer) have a Drawback for all the Duties on the said Coals, to be paid by the Collector of the Duties to such Person so making Proof as aforesaid.

LV And, for the Encouragement of the Iron Manufacture of Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, there shall not be allowed any Drawback, or Repayment of Customs or Duties charged upon any Iron or Steel that hath or Dial I be imported into Great Britain, and afterwards exported to or for her Majesty's Plantations or Colonies in America; any Clause in any former Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVI. And whereas, notwithstanding an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries, and the Prohibitions and Penalties therein, several Persons of late have presumed, contrary to the Intent of the said Act to setup Lotteries in Imitation of the Lottery directed to be drawn by Virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, and other Lotteries, which are prejudicial to the Public, and tend greatly to defraud her Majesty's Sub ' jedls; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the tenth Year of the late King William, shall be put in Execution: And for the more effectual suppressing and preventing such unlawful Lotteries, the Justices of the Peace, and all Mayors, Bailiffs, Head Officers, Constables, and other her Majesty's Civil Officers, within. their respective Jurisdictions, are hereby empowered and required to use their uttnoft Endeavours to prevent the Drawing of any such unlawful Lottery, heretofore or hereafter to be setup, by all lawful Ways and Means; and that every Person who after the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten shall setup, or shall by Writing or Printing, publish the setting up any such unlawful Lottery, with Intent to have such Lottery drawn, shall forfeit for every such Offence one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by Information, Bill, Plaint or Action at Law, in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one third Part thereof to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors; one other third Part thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and the other third Part thereof, together with full Costs, to the Party who shall inform, and sue for the same.

Coals for melt ifig Copper in

Iron, &c.imported, and afterwards exported, to have no Drawback.

See farther 23 Geo. 2. c. 29.

30 Geo. 2. c. 16.

Act 10 W. 3. C C 17. concern Lotteries, to be put in Execu C

tion.

Amended and enforced by 12 Geo. 2. c. 28.*

Persons setting up such Lotteries forfeit 100 1. 1 See farther 10 inn, C 26 f.

I

5 Geo. 1. c. 9.

8 Geo. 1. c. 2. /. 36.

)gco % i. C 19. 6 Geo. 2. c. 35, II Geo. 2. c. 28, 13 Geo. 2. c. 19, 29 Geo. 2. c. 7./. 26,

A.D. 171: 0. Anno nono Ann; e Reginae. G. 7. 431

CLVII. And whereas several ill disposed Persons, with Design to defraud her Majesty's Subjects, have Persons setting of late presumed to creel and setup Offices or Places, for making Insurances on Marriages, Births,

Christnings or Service, which Practises are also prejudicial to the Public, and tend to defraud her Ma birth'"'c! for

Subjects Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person or Persons, who sot -'j01. after the eighth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten shall erect or setup any Office or Place, for making Assurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings and Service or on any of them, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and distributed in such Manner, as the Penalty of two hundred Pounds Raft mentioned is to be recovered and distributed;

every Person or Persons, who after the said eighth Day of March, in any Office or Place, before the said Contracting for eighth Day of March erected or setup, for making Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings and Ser new bifurancca vice or on any of them, shall make or suffer to be made therein any new insurances, or Contrails for new ru for insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings and Service or on any of them, shall forfeit for every such r

Offence the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and distributed in like Manner.

LVIII. Provided nevertheless, That such Offices and Places erected, setup, or used before the said Offices set upss eighth Day of March, for making Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings and Services or on any, ore s March, of them, may be continued after the said eighth Day of March, for making good, and executing only such f'°' Insurances or Contrails for Insurances therein respectively made before the said eighth Day of March, as king good their they might have continued if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary former infu thereof notwithstanding. ranees only.

LIX. And whereas some Doubt hath arisen, whether Long Pepper might not be chargeable with the Long pepnsrnot additional Duty of one Shilling and sixpence per Pound, chargeable upon all and all Manner of Pepper, chargeable with*' by Virtue of the Act made the last Session of Parliament, for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Ex i s. d. per lb,

cife upon several imported Commodities; 'For preventing the refore of any Disputes concerning the 8 Anns, C same; be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Long Pepper shall not be deemed, con^r. strued nr taken to be charged or chargeable with the said Duty of one Shilling and sixpence per Pound; 0 "semcenhg anything in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. Spices, ro Amr

C 26. /. 45, -

6GV. 1. C si. 45. 8(7c», 1, C 15./. 15. ad Geo. 1. C is. 21,

Some Benefit Tickets in the last Lottery not being adjusted, present Managers may settle them before

27 May 1711.

EXP.

CAP. VII.

An Act for enabling and obliging the Bank of England, for the Time therein mentioned, to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money upon Demand; and to disable any Person' to be Governor, Deputy Governor, or Director of the Bank of England and a Director of the east-india Company, at the same Time.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, made 7 A na, C 7. C XVX in the seventh Year of your majesty's Reign, (amongst other Things) for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, several Bills, commonly called Exchequer Bills, have been made forth,

amounting in Principal Money to two millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, for her Majesty's ' Supply; and in pursuance of another Act of the same Session of Parliament, made (amongst other 7 Anns, C S

Things) for circulating a further Sum of Exchequer Bills; and of an Act made in the eighth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in 8 Anas C X

Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, further Exchequer Bills, to

the amount of four hundred thousand Pounds in Principal Money, have been also made our and ifl ued for her Majesty's Supply: And whereas in pursuance of the said Acts, (over and above the Bills aforesaid, amounting in the whole to two millions nine hundred thousand Pounds) other Exchequer Bills for Interest, after the Rate of twopence per Centum per Diem, and for a certain Allowance, alter the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, have been made forth, and are still to be made forth quarterly,

until the Funds mentioned in the said Acts shall take Effect, as is thereby directed; and the said Gover nor and Company of the Bank of England, by the said Acts or some of them, are obliged and required to exchange such of the said Exchequer Bills, which (after the making forth of the same) have been or shall have been paid to any Receivers or Collectors of any your majesty's Revenues, Aids, Taxes or Supplies, as have been or shall have been exchanged by such Receivers or Collectors for ready Money,

and which also have been or shall have been paid by such Receivers or Collectors into her Majesty's ' Exchequer, and likewise have been or shall have been reissued or repaid from her Majesty's Exchequer,

in the Manner and Form in the said Acts expressed, as the said Governor and Company shall be requi red to exchange by any Person or Persons whatsoever, for ready Money, and so toties quoties, as often as the said Bills should be paid into the Exchequer by such Receivers or Collectors, and be Ixom thence reissued in.

Manner and Form thereby prescribed; and the said Governor and Company are not, by the said Acts or any of them, obliged to exchange or pay ready Money for any of the said Bills, until the said Bills shall have had a Currency in the Revenue or Taxes, and shall have been reissued at the Exchequer as aforesaid,

C and so toties quoties, in Manner and Form as aforesaid; by the said Acts or some of them, the said Funds are further charged with a Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds yearly, for the discharging and cancelling the said Bills, as in and by the said several Acts of Parliament (Relation being thereunto respectively

432 C 7. Anno nono Ann Reginae. A.D. 17 jo.

Contract with spedlively had) may more fully appear: And whereas we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal subjects, the Bank, Br ' the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, did resolve on the LIX tec nth Day of January one fprctetxcherjuer thousand seven hundred and ten, That an annual Sum, not exceeding fortyfive thousand Pounds, Bills. 4 should be granted, to enable your Majesty to contrail for answering all non specie Exchequer Bills,

C by exchanging them from Time to Time for ready Money; and thereupon the said Governor and Com puny have humbly proposed. That in case a sufficient Fund should be granted to your Majesty for Pay

of forty live thousand Pounds per Annum to the said Governor and Company, by quarterly Pay

from the Time their Undertaking in this Behalf shall commence, until the one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and if a like Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, to commence and take Effect from the said one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and to be also payable quarterly out of the Funds established by the said Acts, or some of them, for the Payment of the said Interest and Allowance, and for discharging and cancelling the said Exchequer Bills, shall (after the Payment of such Interest and Allowance, and with Preference to the cancelling or discharging any of the said Bills) be appropriated and continued to the said Gover 6 nor and Company, until such Time as all the said quarterly Exchequer Bills, made or to be made for Interest or Allowance as aforesaid, upon the said Bills for two millions nine hundred thousand Pounds,

together with a million of the said Bills for two millions nine hundred thousand thousand Pounds, hall be paid and cancelled, or until such Time as of the said Bills for two millions nine hundred thousand Pounds, and quarterly Bills taken together, there hall not be landing out and uncancelled more than one million nine hundred thousand Pounds in the whole, they the said Governor and Company in Consideration thereof, (for the public Service, further than the Aits before mentioned require) are will ling to undertake, and be obliged, after such Time as should be agreed on, to exchange for ready Money all such of the said Exchequer Bills, as from Time to Time, and at all Times then after, hold be in the Hands of any Person or Persons, and be demanded of the said Governor and Company to be exchanged for ready Money, whether such Bills or any of them hold or should not have passed, or had a Currency in your majesty's Revenue or Taxes as aforesaid: said Governor and Company at the same 'rhyme also proposing, that they may be empowered to contract and agree with any Persons for advancing to the said Governor and Company, from Time to Time, such Sums on such Terms as they shall find necessary for the more secure making good such Undertaking; and that they might have such other Clauses granted them as might be reasonable for enabling them to perform the lame: 'Now to the

Bank to have enc[ the Undertaking so offered may obtain its full and due Effect for the Advantage and Service of your

Annuni Majesty and and your Subjects, we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be en ailed; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That for the better enabling the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, to perform such Undertaking, the full Sum of fortyfive, thousand Pounds per Annum, or so much Money as hall be after the Rate of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, shall be well and truly paid and satisfied, by such Ways and Means, and during such Time as are herein after expressed, unto and for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and their successors, without any Account, Impressed, or other Charge to be set upon them for the same or any Part thereof, and without any Abatement for Taxes, or other Cause or Occasion whatsoever; and that the said Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum or after that Rate, hall commence and take Effect from such Time as hall be prefixed by the Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or by the High treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissions of the Treasury for the Time being, in Writing under his or their Hands to be publicly affixed on the Royal Exchange of London, and to be also notified in the Lon to continue till jtn Gazette, for the Commencement of the said Undertaking; and shall continue, and be paid, and pay exrhe^iuei^b111 akle frorn thenceforth, until such Time as all the said quarterly Exchequer Bills, made or to be made for madcfoilnterest, Interest or Allowance as aforesaid, upon the said Bills for two millions nine hundred thousand Pounds, and a million of together with a million of the said Bills, for two millions nine hundred thousand Pounds, hall be paid off the Bills be paid and cancelled, or until such Time as there hall not be landing out and uncancelled more than one rnil offi&c. ]jon njne huncjrc(] thousand Pounds in the whole of the said Bills for two millions nine hundred thousand

Pounds, and quarterly Bills taken together, (which of the Limitations aforesaid hail first happen) and that so much of the said yearly Sum, after the Rate of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, as is to be reckoned by the Day, for so many Days as hall incur from the Day of the Commencement of the said Undertaking exclusively, until the one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eleven inclusively, shall be paid and satisfied unto the said Governor and Company, on the said one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and that from and after the said one and thirtieth Dav of July one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the Term of three Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds shall be paid and satisfied to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, by quarterly Payments; that is to say, on the one and thirtieth Day of Ruber, the one and thirtieth Day of January, the thirtieth Day of April, and iio.v the same the one and thirtieth Day of July yearly, by even and equal Portions; and that all the Payments so to be fii.1 be satisfied [yjacje of or for the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds, or after that Rate, from the com tlllu y J7H rnencement of the said Undertaking, until the said one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eleven inclusively, and from thence until the End of the said 'Perm of three Years, to wit, until the one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen inclusively, hall be and are, by Force and Virtue of this present Act, charged and chargeable upon, and hall be discharged and satisfied

A.D. 1710. Anno none Annje Regime. C j. 433

tied out of all and every, or any the Aids or Supplies granted or to be granted to her Majesty in this Session of Parliament, for the carrying on the War, or other her Majesty's Occasions, and are not or shall not be actually applied thereunto on or before the twelfth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury now being, and the High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, are hereby directed, authorised, and required (without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be sued for, had or obtained in that Behalf) from time to time, as the said Payments shall incur or grow due, at or before the said one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to discharge and satisfy the same out of the Aids and Supplies last mentioned, and to cause so much of the same Aids or Supplies, in Moneys, Tallies, or Orders, as shall sufficient for that Purpose, to be reserved and set apart, and to be applied thereunto from time to time, as the said Payments hall incur and become due.

II. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Payments which shall grow due After 31 July by or in pursuance of this Act, of or for the said Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, or after 1714- to be fa that Rate, from and after the said one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, oul, of'i)6 during so long Time as the same is to continue as aforesaid, according to this Act, shall from time t ^'aas"^ time be well and truly made and satisfied, as from time to time the same Payments shall incur and grow 7 Anna;, C 7. due, unto the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, out of the Duties, Revenues or Funds, 8 Anns', C 1, or some of them, which were by the Acts of Parliament above recited or mentioned, or any of them,

settled, established, or appropriated, as well for paying the said Interest after the Rate of twopence per centum per Diem, and the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum as for discharging and cancelling the said Exchequer Bills in the Manner and Form herein after specified, that is to say, When and as soon as any Payment shall, after the said one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, become due by virtue of this Act, of or for the said Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, or after that Rate, the Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury, or the High Treasurer. for the Time being, shall, from time to time, within ten Days then next ensuing, cause an exact Account to be taken of so much as shall be due to the said Governor and Company upon the said Allowance, after the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum for Circulation, and an Estimate to be made as near as they can, of so much as shall be then due or demandable, for the said Interest at twopence per Centum per Diem; and after the Payment of the same Allowance and Interest Money, as the said former Acts do direct, or reserving from time to time Money sufficient to discharge the same, shall issue out of the said Duties, Revenues and Funds last mentioned, unto the said Governor and Company, from time to time, the Money, which upon the taking of every such Account, shall he due to them of or for the said Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum, 'ar after that Rate as aforesaid:

It being the Intent and true Meaning of this Act, that the same Allowance for Circulation, and the said Interest Moneys, shall take Place and be preferred in Point of Payment out of the said Funds, before the said Sum of or after the Rate of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum; and that the said fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum shall, from time to time, take place, and be preferred in Point of Payment, before the said yearly Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, which was intended and settled by the said former Acts, or some of them, for cancelling and discharging the said Exchequer Bills; the said former Acts, or any of them, or anything therein contained, or any other Law or Statute whatsoever) to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after paying, or reserving sufficient to pay so much as shall, from time to time, be incurred, and grown due for or upon the said Interest after the Rate of twopence per centu?n per Diem, and the said several Allowances after After discharging the Rate of three Pounds per Centum per Annum, and fortyfive thousand Pounds per Annum as aforesaid, Interest, allow the said yearly Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, intended by the said former Acts for discharging33^]' sum of and cancelling the Principal Money contained or to be contained in all the said Exchequer Bills, ^ooooltto or so much thereof as the said Funds shall produce for that Purpose, shall and may be applied, from be applied"for time to time, for discharging and cancelling the said Exchequer Bills, until they shall be entirely dif cancelling ex charged and cancelled according to the said former Acts; anything herein contained to the contrary chequer Bills, notwithstanding. CIV

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said former Acts above recited or Recited Acts to

mentioned, and all the Powers, Authorities, Privileges, and Advantages, Rules, Directions, Pains of continue in force, Death, and other Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses of Redemption, and other Clauses, Matters, and C. 1

Things therein contained (being now in Force) touching or concerning the said Exchequer Bills, or any

the Funds thereof, or any Way relating thereunto (such Alterations as are therein made by this Act only excepted) shall continue and be used, exercised inflicted, raised, levied and put in Practice and Execution, to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Manner and Form as if this Act had never been made;

anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And it is hereby declared, That the said yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds, or any Part thereof, shall not be liable to any axe or airdt ment whatsoever "

"obliged to exchange for ready Money, all the said Exchequer Bills. In Default may be sued. 7anmf, C 7. "Bank may contract with others for furnishing Moneys. Such Contracts not chargeable with the Stamp 8 Annse, C 1. "Duties. Further sealed Bank Bills may be iliu; d to the amount of the Contract, £tfe. Exchequer " Bills of 5000l. each may be issued, C Exchequer Bills of 6 /. 5 s. each may be issued, sv.' treasury fury to direct Impressed Money for discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills. Treasury may contract, or "alter Endowments, fc.

EXP.

V

434 C 8 — io. Anno nono anne Reginae. A.D. 1710.

None may be

XI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all future Elections of Governor, Deputy ^'the bankand Governor, or Directors, of the respective Corporations of the Bank of England, and of the united Com east india"com pally of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, all and every Person or Persons, who shall be pany at the same eledied Governor, Deputy Governor, or Directior of the Bank of England, shall, during the Year for Time. which he or they shall be elected, be incapable of being chosen a Directior or Directors for the Manage

Farther Pravi ment of the Affairs of the said united Company; and all and every Person or Persons, who shall be fwnsconumng elected a Directior or Directors of the said united Company, shall, during the Year for which he or they Fart, izyfnn. shall be so elected, be incapable of being chosen a Governor, or Deputy Governor, or Directior or direc m 'sl a' C 3* tors Bie Bank of England.

3 Geo. 1. C S. 11 Geo. 1. c. 9. 1 Geo. 2. St. 2. C 8. 2 Geo. 2. c. 3. 11 Geo. 2. c. 27. f. is. 15 Geo. 2. c. 13. itj Geo. 2. C 6. 24 Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. VIII.

An Act to repeal the Act of the third and fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; so for as it relates to the prohibiting the Importation of French Wines. After March 25, 1711. so much of the Act 3 & 4 Anna:, C 13. as relates to the Importation of French Wines is repealed. French Wines may be imported in any Ship of 70 Tuns, belonging to the Subjects of any Foreign Princes in Amity" with the Queen, during the War, tdc. To be in ported directly from Frame to Ireland, and thence to Great Britain. The said Ship to take on Board. English Goods to the full Value of the Wines contraband Goods excepted.) Proof to be made upon Oath, that the Goods were landed, £s'c. in France.

EXP.

CAP. IX.

An Act to continue the Acts for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters, and for approving of Medicines for the Army.

EXP.

CAP. X I

An Act for establishing a General Poll Office for all her Majesty's Dominions, and for settling. a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, for the Service of the War, and ocher, her Majesty's Occasions

sicai. 2. C 35. ' X yt OST gracious Sovereign; Whereas by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late lyl Majesty King Charles the Second, a General Poll Office was erected and established in that Part of Great Britain called England, and by the twentieth Act of the fifth Session of the first Parliament of his late Majesty King Wtlljam the Third, a General Postoffice was erected and established in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and feverafrates of Postage were thereby severally appointed to be received, under several different Powers and Authorities; which two Kingdoms being since united, it is most likely that a Correspondence by Post will be best managed and ordered for the public Goodbye uniting also the said two Post Offices under one Foftmaster General: And whereas also Polls have at great Charges been established by Packet Boats between that Part of Great Britain called England and the West Indies, and also on the mainland in North America, through most of her Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in those Parts, as also to diverse Parts in Europe, to which no Packet Boats were till lately settled, and more Polls may yet be settled and established for the public Good and Welfare of all your majesty's Subjects: And whereas the several Rates of Postage may in many Parts, with little Burden to the Subject, be increased, and other new Rates granted, which additional and new Rates may, in in some Measure, enable your Majesty to carry on and finish the present War, so as suitable Powers and Authorities be made for collecting the same, and sufficient Provision be made, as well for preventing the undue collecting the Delivery of Letters by private Polls, Carriers, Higlers, Watermen, Drivers of Stage Coaches, and other Persons, as all other Frauds to which the Revenue might otherwise be liable; which cannot be well and properly done, to answer the Ends aforesaid, without the Authority of Parliament in a new Act to be made for the said Office, and for the Revenues to arise thereby: 'We therefore your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; And be it enacted by the queen's most excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Act madein eng repealed. in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act

12car. 2. C fr erecting andes.ablishing a Eofl Office, and the said Act made in Scotland in the fifth Session of the first Parliament of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An al anent the Post Office, and every Article, Clause, and Thing therein or in either of them contained, shall be, and is and are hereby, from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, actually repealed, except as is herein after mentioned.

IP. And to the End a General Postoffice may be established for and throughout her Majesty's Kingd doms of Great Britian and Ireland, her Colonies and Plantations in North america, and the West Indies, and all other her Majesty's Dominions and Territories, in fuel) Manner as may be most beneficial to the People of these Kingdoms, and her Majesty may be supplied, and the Revenue arising by the said Office better improved, settled, and.secured to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in such Manner as is rftnme, alb herein ater mentioned; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day erected cetobs of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, there be from thenceforth one General Letter Office

Former Acts in England and

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Annje Reginae. C ro. 43 5

and Poll Office erected and established in some convenient Place within the City of London, from whence all Letters and Packets whatsoever may be with Speed and Expedition font into any Part of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or to North America, the West Indies, or to any other of her Majesty's Dominions or Territories, or unto any other Kingdom or Country beyond the Seas, at which said Office all Returns and Answers may be likewise received; and that one Master of the said General Letter Office an, J one 1

and Poll Office shall be, from time to time, appointed by the Queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, mastergcncrah to be made and constituted by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, by the Name and Style of her Majesty's Postmaster General; which said Master of the said Office, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, and his and their Servants and Agents, and no other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, from time to time, and at all Times, have the receiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, sending Post, or with Speed, carrying and delivering of all Letters and Packets whatsoever, which shall, from time to time, and at all or any Times be sent to and from all and every the Parts and Places of Great Britain and Ireland, North America, the West Indies, and other her Majesty's'

Dominions, and also to and from all and every the Kingdoms and Countries beyond the Seas, where he sir all settle or cause to be settled Posts, or running. Messengers for that Purpose: such Letters as Exception, shall respectively concern Gdods sent by common known Carriers of Goods by Carts, Wagons, or Pack Horses, and shall be respectively delivered with the Goods such Letters do concern, without Hire, or Reward, or other Profit or Advantage for receiving or delivering such Letters; and except Letters of Merchants, and Matters, Owners of any Ships, Barques, or Vessels of Merchandise, or any the Cargo or Loading the rein, fenton board such Ships, Barques or Vessels of Merchandise, whereof such Merchants or Matters are Owners as aforesaid, and delivered by any Masters of any such Ships, Barques or Vessels of Merchandise, or by any other Person employed by them for the Carriage of such Letters aforesaid, according to their respective Directions, so as such Letters be delivered to the respective Persons to whom, they shall be directed without paying or receiving any Hire or Reward, Advantage, or Profit for the same in any wise; and also except Commissions, or the Return thereof, Affidavits, Writs, Process, or Proceedings or Returns thereof, issuing out of any Court; and also any Letter or Letters to be sent by any private Friend or Friends, in their way of Journey ortravel, or by anymeffenger or Messengers fenton Purpose for or concerning the private Affair of any Person or Persons.

III. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing in the said Exception contained, shall extend or be earner' Coac'1' construed to extend to give any Licence or Authority to any common known Carriers of Goods by Carts, &not torcarry Wagons, or Pack Horses, their Servants or Agents, to receive, collector deliver, with or without Letter.

Hire, any Letter or Letters, Packet, or Packets of Letters whatsoever, that do not concern Goods in their

Carts, Wagons, or on their Pack Horses, nor to any Owners or Drivers of Stage Coaches, nor to any Owners, Masters or Commanders of Boats called Passage Boats, sailing between any Part of Great Britain or Ireland, and any Parts or Places beyond the Seas, or their Servants or Agents, nor to any passenger or Passengers on board such Boats or Vessels, nor to the Owners or Watermen on board of any Boat,

Barge, or Vessel passing or repassing on any River or Rivers, 'to and from any Parts of Great Britain and Ireland, North America, or the West Indies, or other her Majesty's Dominions and Territories, although such Drivers of stagecoaches, Owners, Masters, or Commanders of Boats, called Passage Boats, or Passengers therein, Owners or Watermen on board of any such Boat, Barge, or Vessel passing or repassing on any such River or Rivers as aforesaid, do not receive any Hire or Reward, or other Advantage for the same; but that all such Carriers, Owners and Drivers of Stage Coaches, Owners, Masters or Commanders of Passage Boats, and the Passengers therein, and all Owners and Watermen on board of any Boat, Barge or Vessel passing or repassing on any River or Rivers, to or from any the Parts and Places aforesaid, collecting and delivering Letters as aforesaid, though without Hire or Reward, shall be deemed and taken, and are hereby declared to be Persons offending against this Act, and shall forfeit and pay. Explained as to such Sum and Sums of Money, as Persons collecting, receiving, taking up, conveying and delivering of Penny Post Let letters for Hire, or setting up, employing and maintaining any Post contrary to this Act, or that are or ters by geo z shall be concerned therein, are herein after enacted to forfeit and pay. C 33'

IV. And to the end there maybe one chief Letter Office also in North Britain and Ireland, and at A chief Letter New York in North America, and in the West Indies, from whence the pittances for which the rates'°fe to be. hereby ranted may be computed and settled; be.it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That; such Post at'm.b'hn master General so to be constituted as aforesaid, shall be at Liberty to keep, one chief Letter Office in the] nd a'tnewyoik" City of Edinburgh, and one other chief Letter Office in the City of Dublin, and one chief Letter Office C

in New York aforesaid, and other chief Offices at some convenient Place or Places in each of her.majesty's Provinces or Colonies in America, and in each of the Islands in the West Indies, called the Leeward islands, and appoint sufficient Deputies under him, for the better managing, ordering, collecting, and improving the Revenue hereby granted.; i

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Postmaster General for the Time tho pnftnvifter

being, as shall from time to time be made and constituted by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and General, and no --, the respective Deputies or Substitutes of, such. Postmaster General, 'and mo other Person or Persons what hope's foeveiy shall prepare and provide Horses and Furniture, to let to Hire unto all or any Perfoiv or Persons p, ^s m'ne riding in Post, by Commission or without, to or from all and every the Parts and Places of Great Britain 22g- % % C 2_ and Ireland, where any Post roads are or shall be settled and established. 1

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for Rates for catty' such Postmaster General to be constituted and appointed as aforesaid, and his Deputy and Deputies by him ing Letters in thereunto sufficiently authorised, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, to demand, England, have, receive and take, for the Portage and Conveyance of all such Letters and Packets which he shall.fa

convey, carry or send Post as aforesaid, and for the providing and furnishing Horses for Persons riding in

K k k 2 Post,

Anno nono Anna Regina;

A.D. 171 o.

By 6 Geo. 1. C

2j. §. 51.

Bills of exchange, and several Letters on one Paper, are to be charged as distintt Letters.

Rates for Scotland

Rates for Ireland

Rates for Letters on board any Ship.

Penny Post.

Rates for so reiyi Letters.

Pod: as aforesaid, according to the several Rates and Sums of lawful British!> Money hereafter mentioned, not to exceed the same: (that is to say) For the Port of every ftngle Letter or Piece of Paper, to or from any Place not exceeding eighty English Miles distant from the said General Postoffice in London, and within that Part of Great Britain called England, and not coming from or directed on Shipboard, threepence; and for the like Port of every double Letter, sixpence; and so proportionally unto the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things, after the Rate of twelve Pence of British Money for every Ounce Weight; and for the Port of every Tingle Letter or Piece of Paper, to or from any Place above eighty such English Miles distant from the said General Postoffice, and within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called England, or to the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, and not coming from or directed on Shipboard, fourpence; and for the like Port of every double Letter eight Pence; and so proportionably unto the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things, after the Rate of one Shilling and fourpence British Morey for every Ounce Weight: And for the Port of every ftngle Letter or Piece of Paper, from the said General Postoffice in London unto the City of Edinburgh, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, or from thence to the said General Postoffice in the City of London, and to and from Dumfreys or Cockburn jteth, and between either of those Places and the said City of Edinburgh, not coming frpin, or directed on board any Ship, sixpence; and for the like Port of every double Letter, twelve Pence; and so proportionally unto the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things, after the Rate of two Shillings British Money for every Ounce Weight; and for the Port of every ftngle Letter or Piece of Paper, to or from the chief Postoffice in the said City of Edinburgh, to or from any Place not exceeding fifty such English Miles distant from the said chief Postoffice in Edinburgh, and within that Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, and not coming from or directed oh board of any Ship or Vessel, twopence British Money; and for the like Port of every double Letter, fourpence of like Money; and so proportionably to the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things, after the Rate of eight Pence British Money for every Ounce Weight; and for the Port of every single Letter or Piece of Paper, to or from any Place above fifty such Miles distant from the said chief Office in Edinburgh, and not exceeding eighty such Miles, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and not coming from or directed on shipboard, threepence; and for the like Port of every double Letter, sixpence; and so proportionably to the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things, after the Rate of twelve Pence British Money for every Ounce Weight; and for the Port of every single Letter or Piece of Paper, to or from any Place above eighty English Miles distant from the said chief Office in Edinburgh, and within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and not coming from or directed on shipboard, fourpence British Money; and for the like Port of every double Letter, eight Pence; and so proportionably to the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things, after the Rate of one Shilling and fourpence British Money for every Ounce Weight; And for the Port of every single Letter or Piece of Paper, from the said General Letter Office in London, unto the City of Dublin in Ireland, or from the said City of Dublin in Ireland, unto the said General Postoffice, and not coming from or directed on board of any Ship, sixpence of British Money; and for the like Port of every double Letter, twelve Pence British Money; and so proportionably unto the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every other Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things of greater Bulk, two Shillings of Britislo Money for every Ounce Weight; and for the Port of such Letters or Packets as shall be conveyed or carried from the chief Postoffice in the said City of Dublin unto any other Place or Places within the Kingdom of Ireland, or from any other Place within the said Kingdom, not coming from or directed on shipboard, according to the Rates and Sums of British Money hereafter following, (w'z.) For the Port of every single Letter from the chief Postoffice in the said City of Dublin, to or from any Place not exceeding forty English Miles distant from the said chief Office in Dublin, and within the said Kingdom of Ireland, not coming from or directed on Shipboard, twopence; and for the like Port of every double Letter, fourpence; and so proportionably unto the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every other Packet of Writs, Deeds or other Things, after the Rate of eight Pence for every Ounce Weight; and for the Port of every single Letter or Piece of Paper, to or from any Place above forty English Miles distant from the said chief Office in Dublin, and within the said Kingdom of Ireland, and not coming from or directed on hoard of any Ship or Vessel, fourpence; and for the like Port of every double Letter, eight Pence; and so proportionably unto the said Rates for the Port of every Packet of Letters; and for the like Port of every Packet of Writs, Deeds and other Things, after the Rate of one Shilling and fourpence for every Ounce Weight: And for the Port of all and every the Letters and Packets of Letters directed on board, or fetched or brought from on board any Ship or Vessel, riding or slopping in any Port within her Majesty's Dominions, the Sum of one Penny, over and above the Rates granted in and by this at: And for the Port of all and every the Letters and Packets, passing or repassing by the Carriage called the Penny post, established and settled within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Borough of Southwark, and Parts adjacent, and to be received and delivered within ten English Miles distant from the said General Letter office in London, one Penny: And for the Port of all and every the Letters, Packets and Parcels of Good? that shall be carried or conveyed to or from any of her Majesty's said Dominions, to or from any other Parts or Places beyond the Seas, according to the several and respective Rates following, the same being rated either by the Letter or by the Ounce; That is to say.

All

A.D. 1710. Anno nono anne

Reginae.

C

1 o.

437

All Letters and Packets coming from any Part of France to London,

j Single, ten Pence.

_ (Double, one Shilling eight Pence.

All Letters and Packets passing from London, through France, to Spain or Portugal (Port paid to Bayone) and from Spain ancf Portugal, through France, unto London, ——

f Treble, two Shillings sixpence.

J Once, three Shillings fourpence, any Part of") Single, one Shilling sixpence.

" (Double, three Shillings.

(Treble, four Shillings sixpence.

I Ounce, six Shillings, o' j Single, one Shilling three jpence, 'ouble, two Shillings sixpence.

All Letters and Packets passing from London, through France, to any Part o

Italy, or Sicily, by the Way of Lyons, or to any Part of Turkey, by the /, o

Way of Merccli a, and from any of those Parts, through France, unto Lon f Treble, three Shillings nine Pence, don, - J Ounce, five Shillings.

Single, ten Pence.

All Letters and Packets coming from any Part of the Spanish Netherlands unto") Double, one Shilling eight Pence.

London, - L freble, two Shillings sixpence,

I Ounce, three Shillings fourpence,

All Letters and Packets passing from London through the Spanish Netherlands to -» rin "j' one

any Part of Italy or Sicily (Port paid to Antwerp) and from any Part of Italy I rou, ', 1 e' t, wo or Sicily, through the Spanish Netherlands unto London, -

All Letters and Packets passing from London through the Spanish Netherlands Single, one Shilling, to any Part of Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, and all Parts of the Double, two Shillings,

North, and from any of those Parts through the Spanish Netherlands unto Treble, three Shillings,

London, - \ Ounce, four Shillings.

All Letters and Packets passing from London through the Spanish Netherlands to") LX ^ence'

any Part of Spain or Portugal, and from any Part of Spain or Portugal, (if u, e'f ieec, f]!' in2f' p

through the Spanish Netherlands unto London - ( a1reble> foursnl lings sixpence,

f 1 J _ J Ounce, six Shillings.

!Single, ten Pence.

Double, one Shilling eight Pence. Treble, two Shillings sixpence. Ounce, three Shillings fourpence,

All Letters and Packets passing from London through the United Provinces for") one

any Part of Italy or Sicily, and from any Part of Italy or Sicily, through the >^0lyye' !wo b h tilings,

United Provinces, unto London, - Treble, three Shillings,

J uur.ce, four bhilhngs.

All Letters and Packets passing from London through theunited Provinces to anyi Single, one Shilling.

Part of Germany, Switzerland, Denmark, Sweden, and all Parts of the North, ( Double, two Shillings, and from any of those Parts and Places, through the United Provinces untot reble, three Shillings. London, -- Ounce, four Shillings.

All Letters and Packets passing from London through the United Provinces unto) double°three^shhfings ^ence' any Part of Spain or Portugal, and from any Part of Spain or Portugalj through^treble 'four shillings°six Pence, the United Provinces unto London, - Ounce, six Shillings.

All Letters and Packets passing from Londoy through the Spanish Netherlands, 1 Single, ten Pence.; or the United Provinces, to Hamburg (Port paid to Antwerp or amfjerdani)(double, one Shilling eight Pence, and from Han burgh, through the._spanish Netherlands or the United Provinces (Treble, two Shillings sixpence, unto London, - Ounce, three Shillings fourpence.

J Single, one Shilling sixpence. Double, three Shillings,

Treble, four Shillings sixpence. Ounce, six Shillings.

All Letters and Packets passing from London unto Jamaica, Barbados, Antegoa, 7 nnum^rw i1 Shdtlmrs ^>ence' ffac^to isf'^Salnt ckrij}°phers iu jmcrua' and from any of those \ Pence,

"J Ounce, six Shillings.

"J Single, one Shilling.

All Letters and Packets from London to New York in North America, and thence Double, two Shillings.

to London,

All Letters aforesaid,

(Treble, three Shillings. jounce, four Shillings.

D Single, fourpence.

and Packets from any Part of the West Indies, to New York (Double, eight Pence.

f Treble, one Shilling.

J Ounce, one Shilling and fourpence.

-) Single, fourpence.

Ah Letters and Packets from New York, to any Place within sixty English Miles (Double, eight Pence.

thereof, and thence back to New York,

(Treble, one Shilling,

J Ounce, one Shilling and fourpence.

All

All Letters and Packets from from New York to Perth Amboy, the Chief Town") C 1 / p

meaftnew Jersey, and tobridlington, the Chief Town in West New Jersey, and r\ri, uu nnp CL ri; nc, from each of those Places back to New York, and from New York, to any Place Treble one Shift! neffiv ppnrc not exceeding one Hundred English Miles, and from each of those Places to j Qunce' two Shillings

Single, fourpence.

All Letters and Packets from Perth Amboy and Bridlington to any Place not ex cccding sixty English Miles, and thence back again, ——

1

All Letters and Packets from Perth Amboy and Bridlington to any Place not exceeding one Hundred English Miles, and thence back again, ——

Double, eight Pence.

( "Treble, one Shilling.

J Ounce, one Shilling and fourpence. "J Single, sixpence,

(Double, one Shilling.

( "Treble, one Shilling sixpence, j Ounce, two Shillings.

All Letters and Packets from New York to New London, the Chief Town in Con 1 double one Shifting sixpence. ncsticute in New England, and to Philadelphia the Chief Town in Pensilvania, r Treble 5 two Shillings threepence and from those Places back to New York, - j Ounce' three Shillings.

Single, fourpence.

Double, eight Pence.

Treble, one Shilling.

Ounce, one Shilling fourpence.

T Single, sixpence.

Double, one Shilling, f Treble, one Shilling sixpence.

J Ounce, two Shillings.

All Letters and Packets from New London and Philadelphia, to any Place not exceeding sixty English Miles, and thence back again, ——

All Letters and Packets from New London and Philadelphia, to any Place not exceeding one Hundred English Miles, and so back again, ——

All Letters and Packets from New York aforesaid to New port the Chief Town")

in Rhode island, and Providence Plantation in New England, and to Boston the

Chief Town in Massachusets Bay in Nr" 77- — 'C — — j — j n, -- j

the Chief Town in New hampjlnre in

Single, one Shilling. Double, two Shillings.

rew England aforesaid, and to Portsmouth,

New England aforesaid, », d if

Us the Chief Town in Maryland, and from every of those Places to New york.j

All Letters and Packets from Newport, Boston, Portsmouth and Annapolis aforesaid, to any Place not exceeding sixty English Miles, and thence back again,

All Letters and Packets from Newport, Boston, Portsmouth and Annapolis aforesaid to any Place not exceeding one hundred English Miles and thence back again

and Packets from New York aforesaid, to the Chief Offices in Ipswich, and to the Chief Office in Pifcataway, and to ivil chief Office in Virginia, and from every of those

All Letters Salem and liamjburgh the

to New York, —

All Letters and Packets from and tvilliajnjburgh aforesaid, and thence back again, -

Single, fourpence.

Double, eight Pence.

Treble, one Shilling.

Ounce, one Shilling fourpence. Single, sixpence.

Double, one Shilling.

( "Treble, on Shilling sixpence.

3 Ounce, two Shillings.

T Single, one Shilling threepence.

(r -

Double, two Shillings sixpence.

the Chief Offices in Salem, Ipswich, Pifcataway, to any Place not exceeding sixty English Miles

All Letters and Packets from the said Chief Offices in Salem, Ipswich, Pifcataway, and Williamsburg!) aforesaid, to any Plafe not exceeding one Hundred English Miles, and thence back again, ——

All Letters and Packets from New York aforesaid, to Charles Town, the Chief Town in North and South Carolina, and from Charles Town aforesaid, to New York, ——

All Letters and Packets from Charles Town aforesaid, to any Place not exceeding sixty Englifa Miles, and thence back again, ——

All Letters and Packets from Charles Town aforesaid, to any Place not exceeding one Hundred English Miles, and thence..back again, ——

Places ( "Treble, three Shillings nine Pence. 3 Ounce, five Shillings.

Single, fourpence.

Double, eight Pence.

Treble, one Shilling.

3 Ounce, one Shilling fourpence., Single, sixpence.

Double one Shilling.

Treble, one Shilling sixpence,

3 Ounce, two Shillings.

Single, one Shilling sixpence. Double, three Shillings.

Treble, four Shillings sixpence.

3 Ounce, six Shillings.

Single, fourpence.

Double, eight Pence.

( "Treble, one Shilling.

3 Ounce, one Shilling fourpence.

"J Single, sixpence.

(double, one Shilling. streble, one shiili.g fix" Pence.

3 Ounce, two Shillings.

I

I

V

places where

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Postmaster General so to be appointed as et^ettled^o aforesaid, shall and may receive and take, according to the same Rates and Proportions for the Port of pay according to Let sis Packets and Parcels, to or from any of the Parts or Places beyond the Seas, where Ports have these Rites. not been heretofore settled, and may hereafter bo settled by such Postmaster General for the time being.

*, VIII. And

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Anna: Reginae. C 10.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That all Letters and Packets directed to or coming from any of the for ign l<tter»

Foreign Parts or Places aforesaid. and collected or delivered at any Part or Place between London and any colle£m, cof the Ports from whence any of her Majesty's Packet Boats shall at any Time hereafter fail, or at which j" the Port they shall or may arrive with the Foreign Mails, do pay the same Rates as if the same were conveyed in whence the Pa: the said Mails to or from London. ket Boats fails,

to pay as to or ft cm London.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Postmaster General shall be at LI Pack t Beats to berty to keep and maintain Packet Boats to go weekly (Wind and Weather permitting) to and from strom d»n» djmachadee, or some other convenient Port in Ireland, to Port Patrick, or some other convenient Port in p1" ^10 Pur! that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for Conveyance of Letters and Packets for the Conveniency atrlc

of Trade and Commerce between the said Kingdoms, paying over and above the Inland Rates hereby rated and appointed to be received for such Letters and Packets, at the Place where such Letter or Letters are delivered in to be sent by such Packet Boats, according to the Rates following; that is to say. For every such Single Letter twopence, Double fourpence, Treble sixpence, Ounce eight Pence. '

X. And for as much as it may be convenient to erect some cross Stages for the better maintaining of Trade and Commerce, and mutual Correspondencies, and to settle the Rates for all By or Way Letters and Packets conveyed by Post in any of the said kingdoms be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, it shall and may pofimaltcr to be lawful to and for the Postmaster General for the time being, so constituted as aforesaid, to erect and 'rea cr^ and setup cross Stages to and from any Place or Places whatsoever; thereupon such Postmaster Ge tases' neral, and his Deputy and Deputies by him thereunto sufficiently authorised, shall and may lawfully demand, have, receive and take for the Postage and Conveyance, as well of all such Letters and Packets which he or they shall so convey', carry, or send Post as aforesaid, in any such cross Stages, as for all By or Way Letters and Packets, the same Rates in Proportion to the Distances of the Places to which they shall be directed from the Places at which they shall be put in, as Letters and Packets conveyed and re conveyed to and from London, are rated to pay.

XI. And for the better reducing all Miles in both the said Kingdoms throughout all the Post Roads within one Hundred Miles distance from the said Chief Offices, and in the cross Roads now settled, or hereafter to be settled, to one and the same Measure and Standard; and for preventing Disputes touching

the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for A Surrey to be

such Person and Persons as the Postmaster General for the time being shall appoint, to measure or cause taken of the Ditto

be measured, by the Wheel, all Roads, except such Roads where Stages are already settled; and that f this such Person or Persons so to be authorised, shall cause fair Surveys or Books to be made for each of the ° s' said Kingdoms; one of each whereof to be left with her Majesty's Postmaster General in London; another of each to be left at the chief Postoffice in Edinburgh, with the Postmaster general's Deputy there; another of each to be left at the chief Postoffice in Dublin, with the Postmaster general's Deputy there, to remain in the said Post Offices; and each of which said Books shall be signed by such Person or Persons making the same, and by the Postmaster General for the time being, and his Deputies in such General Offices in each Kingdom, and the Comptrollers and Surveyors belonging or to belong to the said General Post Offices in London, Edinburgh, and Dublin: Which Books or Surveys shall ascertain and determine the Distances on all the said Roads.

XII. Provided always, That such Person or Persons who shall be authorised to measure the said Dif Surveyor to fe

tances, and every of them, shall be sworn to perform the same, according to the bell of their Skill and sworn.

Judgement; which Oath shall and may be administered by any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace in the said Kingdoms respectively, who shall make a Certificate thereof in Writing, to be entered in the three General Post Offices aforesaid, without Fee or Charge.

XIII. Provided always, That all Merchants Accounts not exceeding one Sheet of Paper, and all Bills Proviso for

of Exchange, Invoices and Bills of Lading are, and shall hereby be understood to be allowed without Rate m«rchar ts

in the Price of the Letters; and likewise the Covers of Letters, not exceeding one fourth Part of a Sheet r e' C I

of Paper, sent by the Way of Vienna, Mar Jellies, Venice or Leghorne, to be sent to or from Turkey, shall This Proviso is

be understood to be allowed to pass without Rate or Payment for the same. remained to

Merchants Accounts, C Tent beyond Sea,

XIV. And in Regard the said Postmaster General and his Deputies are obliged, as well for performing the Duties of the several Stages of Great Britain and Ireland, as for furnishing such as ride Post with Horses and Furniture, to be at great Charge to maintain a convenient Number of Servants, Horses and Furniture; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That hr shall and may be lawful to and for such Rates for riding Postmaster General and his Deputy and Deputies, to ask. demand, take and receive of every Person, that he or they shall furnish and provide with Horses and Furniture, or with Horses, Furniture and Guide, to ride Post in any of the Post Roads as aforesaid, threepence of British Money for each and every horse hire or Postage for every English Mile, and fourpence of like Money for the Person riding as Guide for every Stage; and the Deputy or Deputies of such Postmaster General shall not charge any Person riding Post, for the carrying of any Bundle or Parcel of Goods, carried along with them, in their Way of Travel, so as any such Bundle or Parcel of Goods do not exceed the Weight of eighty Pounds Averdupois, to be laid on the Horse rid by the Guide, and no Deputy shall be obliged to carry above that Weight for any Person riding Post.

XV. And whereas, upon the Arrival of Ships from Parts beyond the Seas, into several Ports within her Majesty's Dominions, many Letters directed to several Merchants and others, have bee n either im.

bezilled or long detained, to the great Damage of the Merchants and others, to whom the same were directed, in Want of that speedy Advice and Intelligence, which they might had, if the same had been

forth.

Anno nono Annje Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

At Port Towns Deputy Postma

Bnnger a Letter See,

forthwith dispatched by the settled Ports, and sometimes such Letters have been delivered by the Masters or Passengers of such Ships, to ignorant and loose Hands that understand not the Ways and Means of speedy Conveyance and Delivery of Letters, whereby great Prejudice hath accrued to the Affairs of Merchants and others, as well by the Miscarriage of many Letters so brought, as oftentimes by the open ing the same, to the Discovery of the Correspondency and Secrets of the Merchants Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Letters and Packets, that by any.master of any Ship or Vessel or any of his Company or any Passengers therein, shall or may be brought to any Port Town, i\er to receive all or which shall arrive or touch at any Port belonging to any Port Town, within any her Majesty's do b tfjrsh'^r&c nfltff0115 or any the Members thereof, or which shall be on board any Ship or Vessel, that flail or do Perhaps Poll touch or stay at any such Port Town (erther than such Letters as axe before excepted, or may be sent by Town. common known Carriers in Manner aforesaid, or by a Friend as aforesaid) shall by such Master, Paffcn

ger or other Person or Persons, be forthwith delivered unto the Deputy or Deputies only of such Postmaster

General for the Time being, by him appointed, for such Place or Port Town, and to be by such Deputy or Deputies sent Port unto the said General Poll Office, to be delivered according to the several and respective Directions of the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds of British Money, for every several Offence r.gainst the Tenor of this present Act.

And to give the

XVI. And for the Encouragement of all such Masters of Ships or Vessels, or such other Persons, on aiccnny the'r Arrival at such Ports as aforesaid, from any Parts beyond, the Seas, to deliver unto the Deputy or Deputies of such Postmaster General for such Place or Port Town at which they shall so touch or arrive, all such Letters and packets.as they shall respectively have on board such Vessel or Vessels, every such Master or other Person for every Letter or Packet of Letters he or they shall so deliver unto such Deputy or Deputies, shall receive the Sum of one Penny, of such Deputy or Deputies, he or they signing a Certificate of the Number of Letters delivered, and by what Vessel they came, and of the Time when he or they delivered the same to such Deputy or Deputies, and giving a Receipt for such Number of Pence as he or they flail receive of such Deputy or Deputies; which Certificate and Receipt shall be by such Deputy by the next Post returned to the said Postmaster General, together with the Letters so delivered, who flail have Credit on his Account for so much Money as any such Deputy flail pay on the Account. None to carry

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, or Letters, chut Body Politic or Corporate, in any Part of these Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, or other her Genera*" Majesty's Plantations and Colonies in the West Indies and America, other than such Postmaster General as Deputies 1s fliaflr from Time to Time, be nominated and appointed by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and constituted by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain as aforesaid, and his Deputy and Deputies or Assigns, shall prefuiiie to receive, take up, order, dispatch, convey, carry, recarry or deliver any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters (other than as before excepted) or make any Collection of Letters, or setup or employ any Foot Post, Horse Post or Packet Boat, or other Vessel or Boat or other Person or Persons, Conveyance or Conveyances whatsoever for the receiving, taking up, ordering, dispatching, conveying, carrying, recarrying or delivering any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, by Sea or by Land or on any River, within her Majesty's Dominions or by Means whereof any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, shall be collected, received, taken up, ordered, dispatched, conveyed, carried, recarried or delivered, by Sea or Land, or on any River, within her Majesty's Dominions (other than provide Horses as before excepted) or shall presume to keep, provide and maintain Horses, or Furniture for the holding of any'"' Person or Persons riding Post, that is to say, riding several Stages upon a Post Road, and changing Horses,

or shall let to hire, or furnish any Person or Persons whatsoever with Horses or Furniture for ridingpost as aforesaid, on any of the Post Roads or Stages now or hereafter to be appointed, with or without a Guide or Horn, for Hire or Reward, or on any Agreement or Promise of Reward, or whereby he or they may have any Profit or Advantage; on Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Pounds of British Money for every several Offence against the Tenor of this present Act, and also of the Sum of one hundred Pounds of like British Money for every Week that any Offender against this Act shall coiled:, receive, take up, order, dispatch, convey, carry, recarry or deliver any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, by Sea or Land, or of any River, within her Majesty's Dominions (other than as before excepted) or that shall presume to setup, continue or employ any Foot Post, Horse Port or Packet Boat, or other Vessel or Boat, or any other Person or Persons, Conveyance or Conveyances whatsoever, for the receiving, taking up, ordeiing, dispatching, conveying, carrying, recarrying or delivering of any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters, by Sea or Land, or on any p.iver, within her Majesty's Dominions as aforesaid

And whereas diverse deputy Postmasters do collect great Quantities of Post Letters called By or Way Letters, and by clandestine and private Agreements amongst themselves, do convey the same Post in their respective Mails, or By bags, according to their several Directions, without accounting for the same, or endorsing the same on their Bills, to the great Detriment of her Majesty's Revenues For preventing whereof for the Time to come; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if at any Time hereafter, any Person or Persons employed as a Deputy Postmaster or otherwise, in these Kingdoms of Great Bi itain and Ireland, or in any of her Majesty's Dominions and Territories in the West Indies or in North America, shall not duly answer and account to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for all such By or Way Letters as such Deputy or Deputies, or any by his, her or their Order shall receive the Port for, or that shall not on his or her Post Bills exactly mention all the By or Way Letters he, she or they flail or do receive, or which shall come to his, her or their Hand or Hands, Custody or Power, distin guishing them severally whether Angle, double, treble or Ounce Weight, or that shall destroy or embezil any such By Letter or By Letters, Packet or Packets of Letters; every such Person so offending flail forfeit and pay for every such Offence, such Penalties and Forfeitures, as the Persons herein before

1 pw

for riding Post.

zlgc0. 2. C 2^.

[Penalty.]

Deputy postmaster to account for By or Way juetters,

A.D. 17, 10: Anno nono Annje Regina?. C 10. 441

prohibited, setting up or employing other Polls, or collecting, carrying, recarrying, ordering, dispatching or delivering Letters and Packets contrary hereunto, are enacted to forfeit and pay.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That all and singular the said several Penalties and Forfeitures by this Penalties howto Act imposed on any Offender or Offenders against the same or any Part thereof, shall and may be sued be recovered, for and recovered by Action or Actions of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's

Courts of Record, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection or Wager of Law shall be admitted; and the said several and respective Penalties and Forfeitures, that shall happen from Time to Time to be recovered, shall be and remain, the one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons who shall or will inform against the Offender or Offenders against this present Act, and shall and will sue for the said Penalties and Forfeitures upon the same; and on every such Recovery, such Person or Persons so informing, and prosecuting for the said Penalties and Forfeitures, shall recover, and have also taxed and paid their full Colls of Suit.

XX. Provided always, That if any Pollmalter of any respective Stages on any Poll Roads, in any her Proviso, when majesty's Dominions, now settled or hereafter to be settled, doth not or cannot furnish any Person or Persons

riding in Poll, with sufficient Horses within the Space of one half Hour after Demand, that then such holes in one Person or Persons is and are hereby understood to be left at Liberty to provide themselves as conveniently half hour. as they can to the next Stage, and so at every Stage where he or they shall not be furnished as aforesaid; the Person or Persons who shall furnish such Horses, shall not therefore be liable to any Penalties or Forfeitures contained in this Act by Reason thereof.

XXI. Provided always, That if through Default or Neglect of the Pollmaller General or his Deputy Penalty on port for the Time being, any Person or Persons riding in Poll shall fail as aforesaid, of being furnished with a master notpro sufficient Horse or Horses, for his or their Use after Demand as aforesaid, that then and in every such Case vidlns the Pollmaller General or his Deputy so offending, shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds Sterling; the one Moiety to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same in any Court of Record, to be recovered and divided as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That nothing herein contained shall be understood Letters may be to prohibit the carrying or recarrying of any Letters or Packets, to or from any Town or Place, to or piace^thtnext from the next respective Poll Road or Stage appointed for that Purpose, above six Miles from the said Ge stage, above six neral Poll Office, or the chief Offices of Edinburgh and Dublin, but that every Person shall have free LI Miles' from the berty to send and employ such Person or Persons as they shall think fit for to carry the said Letters or Pac General Office, kets as aforesaid, without any Forfeiture or Penalty therefore; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXIII. Provided always nevertheless, That nothing herein contained shall he construed to extend to nonemayed give Licence to any Person or Persons whatsoever, to make Collection of Letters in or near the City of lea Letters in London or Suburbs thereof, under Pretence of conveying the same to any Parts or Places in the said City of London, C Suburbs, or to the General Office of the said City, without the Licence and Leave of the Postmaster Ge without Licence, neral for the Time being: And any Person or Persons acting contrary hereunto shall forfeit and pay as '

Persons collecting, receiving, carrying, recarrying, and delivering Letters contrary to this Act, are hereby enacted to forfeit and pay, to be recovered as aforesaid, and with full Colls of Suit.

XXIV. Provided always, That if the Packet or Mail shall be carried out of Great Britain into any Part The Packet not or Place beyond the Seas, in any Ship or Vessel which is not a free Ship, and navigated with such Seato be carried out men as, by the Laws of this Land, the same are required to be, that then, and in every such Case, the of Great Britain Postmaster General for the Time being shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, the one »forogn Shift. Moiety to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall fuc for the same in any Court of Record, to be recovered by Bill, Plaint or other Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager at Law shall be allowed.

XXV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Postmaster General, Postmaster, and all Officers and Deputies acting under him, and all Officers belonging to the said General Poll Office, how to qualify within that Part of the said united Kingdom called England, receiving the Sacrament according to the himself.

Usage of the Church of England, and taking, making and subscribing the Tell, and the Oaths of Allegiance

and Supremacy and Abjuration, appointed by any of the Laws of the said Part of the said united King to be taken, made, and subscribed by Officers in public Places of Trull in the Government, and within such Times, and in such Places as are particularly appointed by any of those Laws for doing the same, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficiently qualified to act in their respective Stations and Duties, and to execute their respective Employments throughout the said whole united Kindgom, and all other her Majesty's Dominions, and shall not incur any Penalties, Forfeitures or Disabilities, for not taking the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and subscribing the Assurance appointed by any the Laws of that Part of the said united Kingdom called Scotland or by any Law or Laws of the said united Kingdom of Great Britain, to be taken and made by any Person in public Trull, notwithstanding such Postmaster General, and such Deputies and Officers, shall exercise their respective Offices and Employments within all and every the Parts and Places of that Part of the said united Kingdom called Scotland: And all Deputies and Agents acting under such Postmaster General within that Part of the said united Kingdom called Scotland, taking and making the Oaths of Allegiance and Abjuration, and subscribing the same, with the Assurance appointed by any of the Laws of the said Part of the said united Kingdom called Scotland, or by any Law or Laws of the said united Kingdom of Great Britain, to be taken and made by any Person in public Trull, and within such Times, and at such Places, as are particularly appointed by any of those Laws for doing the same, shall be deemed and taken to be sufficiently qualified to execute and exercise their respective Employments in the said Office throughout the said whole united Kingdom, and all Vol. IV LII other

Anno nono Annas Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

Proviso for true rovv, Penrin, Kendall, Penrith, &c.

Orders as her Majesty shall make.

No Horse to be sized without the Owners Consent.

Pott to pay nothing for patting Fenies rn North America,

other her Majesty's Dominions; any Act or Acts of Parliament in either of the said united Kingdoms at any Time heretofore made to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVI. Provided also, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Letter or Packet Poll shall twice every Week come by the Way of Truroiv and Penrin to the Town of Penzance, in the County of Cornwall; and once a Week to Kendall, by the Way of Lancaster; and to the Town of Penrith in Cumberland, by the Way of newcajue and Carl isle, and to the City of Lincoln and the Borough of grim/by, in the County of Lincoln, anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXVII. And for the better Management of the said Post Office, and that the People of these Kingdoms may have their Intercourse of Commerce and Trade the better maintained, and their Letters and Advices conveyed, carried and recarried with the greatest Speed, Security and Conveniency that may be;

The Poflmader Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Postmaster General so nominated, ap toobserve such pointed and conflicted as aforesaid, and his Deputies, shall, from Time to Time, observe and follow such Orders, Rules, Directions and Inflexions for and concerning the Settlement of Polls and Stages upon the several Roads in Great Britain and Ireland, and other her Majesty's Dominions, and the providing and keeping a sufficient Number of Horses at the several Stages, as well for the carrying and conveying the said Letters and Packets, as for the horfing of all Persons riding in Post by Warrant", or otherwise as aforesaid, as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall, from Time to Time, in that Behalf make and ordain.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall have Power to take, use or seize any Horses for the Services mentioned in this Act, without the Consent of the Owner or Owners thereof; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXIX. And forasmuch as the Post mufl necessarily pass several Ferries in North America, in which the Ferrymen give great Delays, and soir.etimes have endeavoured to exabt Money from them, notwithstanding the same have always been free for the Post; ' be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Deputy or Agent of such Postmaster General, travelling with any Mail of Letters, shall pay anything for passing or repassing any Ferry within any of the Colonies or Plantations of her said Majesty in North America aforesaid; such Ferrymen shall forthwith, within one half Hour after Demand, convey such Deputies, on Pain of forfeiting for every Offence the Sum of five Pounds, to be recovered in any Court of Record within any of the Provinces or Colonies in North America, by Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection or Wager of Law shall be allowed; one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, towards the Support of the Government of the said Provinces, and the contingent Charges thereof; and the other Moiety to the Postmaster General, who shall sue and prosecute for the same, together with full Coils of Suit.

XXX. And whereas many Persons having received their Letters, refuse to pay for the same or often run in Debt for the Postage of their Letters, or having received some small Sum for the Port of Letters, ' which Sums being very small in Particulars, are properly to be recovered in a summary Way; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sum and Sums of Money, not exceeding five Pounds, that now is or shall be due from any Person or Persons for Letters or Packets, or any Letter or Packet, to them delivered by any Deputy or Deputies of such Postmaster General, or which now is, or shall be due from any Person or Persons for the Port of Letters or Packets to them delivered by any Deputy or Agent of such Postmaster General, not exceeding the said Value, or which have been or shall be received for the Port of Letters, not exceeding the same Value, without answering or paying the Moneys so due and owing to the receiver-general of the said Revenues for her Majesty's Use, shall be recovered before Justices of the Peace, in the same Manner, and under the same Rules, as small Tithes are, by the Laws of England, to be recovered; and such Debt or Sums of Money shall be preferable in Payment by the Person owing the same, or from whose Estate the same is or shall be due, before any Debt of any Sort to any private Person v/homsoever.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Inland Letters sent by any Packet Post established by this Act as aforesaid, do and shall pay the Rates and Prices before mentioned at such Stages at which they are last delivered only, unless the Party that doth put in the Letters desireth to pay elsewhere, and unless any such Letters are directed on board any Ship or vessel, or to any Person in the Army, or are sent by the Penny Post, and unless they be Letters or Packets going out of Great Britain, which have usually paid the Rates in England, anything in this Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXII. Provided always, That this Act or anything therein contained, shall not in any wise be pre twouniversities. judicial to the Privileges of the two Universities of Oxford and Cambridge or either of them, or to the

Chancellors or Scholars of the same or their Successors, but that they may use and enjoy such Privileges as heretofore they have lawfully used and enjoyed, and that all Letters and other Things may be sent or conveyed to or from the said two Universities in Manner as heretofore hath been used; any Thing herein to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIII. Provided always, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Postmaster General for the Time being, his Deputy and Deputies, to continue By Bags for collecting and deliverting of By Letters as hath been heretofore accustomed; Deputy and Deputies duly accounting to, and paying the re spebtive Ports thereof to the receiver-general of the said Revenue for the Time being, for the Use of her Majesty, her Ideirs and Successors.

u XXXIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every June 1711. how Sum and Sums of Money which shall or may be due and owing to her Majesty on the said first Day of recoverable. June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, for the Duties and Revenues that have arisen, or shall or

3 may

Debts for Toft, age to be recovered as small Tithes are.

7 & 8 W. 3 C 6,

Inland Letters to pay where delivered.

Proviso for the

By Bags for By Letters.

Sums due on 1

Anno nono anne Reginae.

C 10. 443

may atife to that Time by Pods, or by Reason of the Duties and Revenues granted by either of the said former Acts, shall be paid to the receiver-general of the said Revenue, for her majesty sufc, and be recovered and recoverable in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the same were recoverable before the making of this present Act; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXV. And towards the Establishment of a good, sure, and lading Fund, in order to raise a present Supply of Money for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's moil necessary Occasions; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand After 19 southeast > seven hundred and eleven, for and during the whole Term of thirty-two Years from thence next and tember 1711. immediately ensuing, the full, clear, and entire weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds of lawful Money f°0'0^2 Ye" s'. of Great Britain, out of all the Duties and Revenues, from time to time, arising by virtue of this Act, weekl^intvthe shall be brought and paid by the Postmaster General, the receiver-general of the Poil office, or such Exchequer out of other Person or Persons who, for the Time being shall have the Receipt of the said Duties and Revs the Post office. nues, who are hereby respectively enjoined and required to bring and pay the same accordingly into the Made perpetual Receipt of the Exchequer, upon Tuesday in every Week, if it be notan holy day, and if it be, then up 3 Geo. e on the next Day that is not an holy day, as one Week shall successively and immediately follow and fuc thiv Money how ceed another; and in case in any Week or Weeks the whole Receipt of Moneys of t e said Duties or Reappropriated, venues hereby charged as aforesaid, shall not be sufficient to answer the said wetkly Payment or Payments, Annse, C zj. hereby directed for such particular Week or Weeks, that then and so often the Deficiency and Deficiencies §54 thereof shall be supplied and made good out of the whole Receipt of the said Duties or Revenues arising in the next Week or Weeks, when the Receipt or Receipts shall be sufficient to bear the same; all which Payments into the Exchequer shall be made for the Purposes, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities hereafter in this Act expressed.

XXXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Postmaster General for Accountant ce the Time being, at the Head Office in London, shall, from time to time, cause an Account to be kept by n«al, and Re an Accountant General of all the Moneys arising by Virtue of this Act, of or for the Duties or Revenues «iver Generals aforesaid, and every or any of them, as the same shall from time to time arise, be paid or brought into Duty'

the said Office, to the Hands of the receiver-general for the Time being, who is or shall be appointed, from time to time, to receive the same; and that such receiver-general for the Time being shall, out of the Moneys so arising, make the said weekly Payments into the Exchequer, in Manner as aforesaid; rf the said Postmaster General for the Time being shall refuse or neglect to appoint or keep such Accountant General, or if such Accountant General shall neglect to keep a just and true Account as aforesaid, or if such receiver-general shall at any Time refuse or neglect to make any such weekly Payments as aforesaid, into the Exchequer, according to the true Meaning of this Act, or if the said Postmaster General,

Accountant General and receiver-general for the Time being, or any of them, or any other Officer of the said Duties, shall divert or misapply any of the Moneys which should make good the said weekly Payments, or any of them, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Tenor and true Meaning of this Act, at any Time or Times, during the said Term of thirty-two Years, then and in any such case they and every of them so offending shall forfeit their several Offices and Places, and be incapable to serve the Queen, her Heirs or Successors, in any Office or Place of Trust or Profit, and shall be liable for every such Offence, to pay double the Value of the Money so diverted or misapplied, to any Person or Persons who shall or may be grieved by Reason of such Offence, and will inform or sue for the same by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at ip estminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

XXXVII. And to the End the said weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds may be made a Fund or Secu A Book to lie rity for the Purposes in this Act expressed; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there kept in theli* shall be provided and kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, one Book, in chequer, for the which all the Moneys which shall be paid in weekly as aforesaid, for or upon Account of the said weekly ^nts'y a Sums out of the said Duties, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys which shall be brought

and paid to the said Receipt upon any other Account whatsoever.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That the said weekly Sum of seven hundred Appropriation of Pounds for the Purposes aforesaid, shall, from time to time, during all the said Term of thirty-two Years, o a

be paid into the Exchequer as aforesaid, out of the whole Produce of the Duties and Revenues arising by virtue of this Act, with Preference to all other Payments which are, shall, or may be charged or chargeable thereupon, the necessary Charges for managing the said Postoffice, and the Duties thereof, and for receiving, answering, and accounting for the Revenues arising thereby, only excepted; and that the This Revenue said Duties and Revenues arising by this Act, (after Deduction, from time to time, to be first made of so liable to all an much as shall be then due and incurred, or in Arrear of or for the said weekly Payments, at any Time unities.grants, within or during the Term aforesaid, and after the Allowance of such necessary Charges as aforesaid, and on the^former1* not otherwise) shall, from time to time, be subject and liable to such Annuities, and other Payments and Acts.*Encumbrances, which by any Act of Parliament now in Force were lawfully charged upon the Revenues of the Postoffice, or any of them, granted by the said former Acts hereby repealed as aforesaid, or which having been charged by any Grant upon the said Revenues, have been saved by Act of Parliament, of and for such Estate and Estates in Possession, Reversion, or Remainder, and subject to such Conditions,

Limitations, Restrictions, and Appointments, and in such or the like Manner and Form (and not otherwise) as the said Revenues, payable by the said former Acts, or any of them, would have been subject or liable if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LID XXXIX Pro

444

After i June, 1743, the ol<l Rates to be taken for Letters, C 3 Geo. I. C 7.

I.

"No Letters to be opened, detained, or delayed.

Exception,

Postmaster, C to be sworn.

C 10. Anno nono Ann: Reginae. A.D. 1710.

XXXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred forty and three, the same Rates and Prices only, and no more, shall be taken or paid for the Carriage, Conveyance, and Delivery of all Letters and Packets sent by the Post from one Part of Great Britain to another, as also for all Letters brought to Great Britain, or sent from thence, from or to any Parts beyond the Seas, than were authorised or allowed to be taken by the Postmaster General, or his Deputy or Deputies, for the Portage of such Letters, by the said several Acts hereby repealed.

XL. And whereas Abuses may be committed by wilfully opening, imbezilling, detaining and delay ing of Letters or Packets, to the great Discouragement of Trade, Commerce, and Correspondence For Prevention thereof, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, no Person or Persons shall presume wittingly, willingly, or knowingly, to open, detain, or delay, or cause, procure, permit, or suffer to be opened, detained, or delayed, any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, after the same is or hall be delivered into the General or other Port office, or into the Hands of any Ptri on or Persons employed for the receiving or carrying Post Letters, and before Delivery to the Persons to whom they are directed, or for their Use; by an express Warrant in Writing under the Hand of one of the Principal Secretaries of State for every such opening, detaining, or delaying; or except in such Cases where the Party or Parties, to whom such Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, shall be directed, or who is or are hereby chargeable with the Payment of the Port or Ports thereof, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same; and except such Letters or Packets as shall be returned for want of true Directions, and where the Party, to whom the same is or are directed, cannot be found; and that every Person or Persons offending in Manner aforesaid, or who shall imbezil any such Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; the said Penaliies for any such Offence committed in England, tvales, or Berwick upon Tweed, to be recovered by Action, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster; and for any such Offence committed in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to be recovered in the Court of Sessions, or Exchequer there; such Penalties respectively to be recovered by such Person or Persons as will inform or sue for the same, together with full Costs of Suit; and over and above such Penalty as aforesaid, every such Person or Persons so offending as aforesaid, shall be for ever incapable of having, using, exercising, or enjoying any Office, Trust or Employment in or relating to the Postoffice, or any Branch thereof.

XLI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall, after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, be capable of having, using, or exercising the Office or Offices of Postmaster General, or any Part thereof, or any other Employment relating to the Postoffice, or any Branch thereof, or be any way concerned in receiving, sorting, or delivering of Letters or Packets, unless such Person or Persons shall first have taken the following Oath before some one justice of the Peace for the County or Place where such Person resides, which said Oath such Justice of Peace is hereby authorised to administer in the following Words:

The Oath;

I A.B. do swear, That I will not wittingly, willingly, or knowingly open, detain, or delay, or cause. ' I procure, permit, or suffer to be opened, detained, or delayed any Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets, which shall come into my Hands, Power, or Custody, by Reason of my Employment in or relating to the Postoffice; except by the Consent of the Person or Persons to whom the same is or shall be directed, or by an express Warrant in Writing under the Hand of one of the principal Secretaries of State for that Purpose; except in such Cases, where the Party or Parties to whom such Letter or Letters, Packet or Packets shall be directed, or who is or are hereby chargeable with the Payment of the Poit or Ports thereof, shall refuse or neglect to pay the same; and except such Letters or Packets as shall be returned for Want of true Directions, or when the Party or Parties to whom the same is or shall be directed, cannot be found: And that I will not any Way imbezil any such Letter or Letters, ' Packet or Packets as aforesaid.'

One third of the

XLII. And it is further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from the said first Day Surplus, over of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, one third Part of the Surplus of and above the yearly Produce arising by the said Letter or Postoffice, or Duties upon Portage of Letters and pac io'd ctam' kets by this Act granted, over and above the Sum of one hundred and eleven thousand four hundred sixty and 700l. per' one Pounds seventeen Shillings and ten Pence, which was the amount of the gross Receipt of the Duties Week, dispofame arising by virtue of the said former Acts of Parliament (which are now repealed) for one Year ended the by Parliament, nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, and over and above the said Sum of seven hundred Pounds per Week, shall be and is by this Act reserved to the Disposal of Parliament for the Use of the Public, and shall not be divertible or diverted to any other Use, Intent or Purpose, other than according to such Disposal.

XLIII. And to the Intent the Inheritance of such Part of the said Duties and Revenue arising in and by the said General Letter Office or Postoffice, which is hereby veiled in her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, undeterminable as aforesaid, may be preserved in the Crown, for the future Benefit thereof; Be This Revenue it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the same, or any Part thereof, shall not notalienable, C hereafter be alienable, chargeable or grantable by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for any Estate, Term, or Time whatsoever, to endure longer than the Life of her Majesty, or of such King or Queen as shall make such Alienation, Charge, or Grant respectively; that all Gifts, Grants, Alienations, and Assurances whatsoever, to be had or made of, and Charges upon the said Duties or Revenue, or any Part thereof, contrary to the Provision of this Act, shall be null and void, without any Inquisition, Scire facias, or other Proceeding to determine or make void the same.

A.D. 1710. Anno nono annve Reginae, C 11. 445

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Postmaster or Postmasters Geno Officer of the neral, or his or their Deputy or Deputies, or any Person employed by or under him or them, in the re Elec

ceiving, coliefling, or managing the Revenue of the Pod Office, or any Part thereof, shall, by Word, eid eq'

Message, or A riting, or in any other Manner whatsoever, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for the Choice of any Person to be a Knight of the Shire, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of any County, City, Borough, or Cinque Port, to serve in Parliament; and every Officer or other Person offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for the said Offences committed in England and Scotland respectively, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person convict on any such Suit of the said Offence, shall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under Farther regula her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors. tions concerning

the Post ojjice, 6 Geo. 1. c. 21. J, 51. 4 Geo. 2. c. 33. 22 Geo. 2. c. 25, 26 Geo. 2. C

CAP. XI.

An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty's moult necessary Occasions.

MA Y it please your most Excellent Majesty; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, duly considering your majesty's great Occasions for Money to carry on the present War, in order to the establishing a good and lasting Peace, and to defray other necessary Expenses, wherein the common Good and Welfare of your Subjects are concerned, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to For the appro your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Duties for and upon all such Skins and Hides, and Pnai on °(, he Pieces of Skins and Hides whatsoever, and for and upon such made Wares, and for and upon all such th^aftfee6*Vellum and Parchment, as are herein after more particularly described and mentioned, for and during g Anna) C 23. such Term of Years, and in such Manner and Form, as are herein after expressed; and do most humbly §. 54. beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, Dut onhilics by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present and Skins Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and imported for 32 paid unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon such Skins and Hides, Years from 24 and Pieces of Skins and Hides, and for and upon such made Wares herein after particularly described and ju"e, i mentioned, as shall at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be rec koned from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, be imported or C 7.*

brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, and Duties imposed upon, or payable for the same) the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed; is to say.

For and upon all deer skins which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, being dressed in Oil or deer fldns im alum, or otherwise perfectly dressed, the Sum of sixpence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and ported, after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Lofhee, Buffalo, Elke, or any other Hides dressed in Oil, which shall be imported or Lofliee, Buffalo, brought in as aforesaid, the Sum of fourpence for every such Pound Weight, and after that Rate for aelke> C greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Russia Hides which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, the Sum of twopence Rulhia Hides, for every such Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all other tanned Hides and tanned calve skins which shall be imported or brought in as Other Hides, aforesaid (not before especially charged) the Sum of one Penny halfpenny for every such Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be imported or brought in as horce Hides, aforesaid, being dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, the Sum of one Shilling per Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and u^on all Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides of what Kinds soever (those of Horses, Hides of Steers, Mares, and Celdings excepted) which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, being dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, the Sum of two Shillings for every Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all calve skins and Kipps which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, being cale ffcins. dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, the Sum of one Penny halfpenny for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Slink calve skins which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, dressed in Allom Slinks, and Salt, or otherwise with the Flair' on, the Sum of one Penny for every Pound Weight Averdupois: And for all Slink calve skins which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, dressed in Allom and Salt, or otherwise without the Hair; and for all Dogskins lo dressed, which shall be imported or brought in as dog lkin;. aforesaid, the Sum of one halfpenny for every such Pound Weight, and after those Rates for any greater or lesser Quantity.

For

44-6

Coidivants.

goatskins,

kid skins.

Sheep and lamb skins.

For Drawback on jl/porration, see 12 Anna?, star. C 9.§.65.

Hides, C imported, not before charged.

To be paid by the Importer. Duty on Hides or fk.ns tanned. See. in Great b.itain.

See 5 Geo. 1. c. 2. §. 10.

Tanned Hides.

Calf, Kips, Hogs, and dog skins.

goat skins.

Roans.

See 10 Anns, C 26. §, 2. and 3 Geo. i. c. 4. §.13. Sheep and lamb skins.

See 10 Anna?, C 26. §. 2. and 3 Geo. i.c 4. §.13. Tanned Skins not before charged.

Tawed horse hides.

Hides of Steers, Cows, C

calve skins and Kips.

Slinks with the Hair on,

Slinks without Flair, and dog skins.

C rr. Anno nono Ann; Regina?. A.D. 1710.

For all Skins commonly called Cordivants which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Dozen, and after that Rate for any greater or Idler Number or Quantity.

For and upon all other goat skins (not usually called Cordivants) which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, being dressed in Oil, or with Allom, Salt, Meal, or otherwise drefl, the Sum of sixpence for every Pound Weight Averdupols, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all kid skins, which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, being drefl: or undreft, or not perfectly dressed, the Sum of one Shilling for every Dozen, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Number or Quantity: And if any of the said kid skins shall be dressed after the Importation thereof, it is hereby declared, That no further Duties are to be paid for the lame by this act, upon the dress sing or perfect drolling them or any of them, in Great Britain.

For and upon all sheepskins and lamb lkins which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, the respective Rates following, that is to say, For all imported sheep lkins dressed in Oil, one Shilling and sixpence per Dozen; for all imported lamb skins dressed in Oil, one Shilling per Dozen; and for all imported sheep skins and lamb skins tanned, nine Pence per Dozen; and for and upon all imported sheepskins and lamb skins dressed in Alum and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, sixpence per Dozen; and in Proportion to those Rates for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities of such sheepskins and lamb skins respectively.

And for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be imported or brought in as aforesaid, being tanned, tawed or dressed, and not herein before particularly charged, and for and upon all Wares made into Manufactures of Leather, or any Manufacture, whereof the most valuable Part shall be Leather, a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and of the Manufactures last mentioned, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Importer thereof; the said several and respective Rates and Duties for and upon all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and made Wares, to be imported or brought in as aforesaid, within or during the Term before mentioned, to be paid by the Importers thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid unto and for the UL of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon such Skins and Hides, and Pieces of Skins and Hides, herein after more particularly described and mentioned, as shall, at any Time or Times, wirhin or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, be tanned, tawed Or dressed within Great Britain, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed; that is to say,

For and upon all Hides of what Kind soever, which shall be so tanned in Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny for every Pound Weight Averdupols, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all calf skins, Kips, hogs skins and dogs skins which shall he so tanned in Great Britain, the like Sum of one Penny for every such Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all goatskins, which shall, within or during the same Term, be tanned with Shomack or otherwise, in Great Britain, to resemble the Spanish Leather, the Sum of twopence for every Pound Weight Averdupols, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all sheepskins which, within or during the same Term, shall be tanned for Roans (being after the Nature of Spanish Leather) within Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of one Penny for every Pound Weight Averdupols.

And for and upon all sheepskins and lamb skins which, within and during the same Term, shall he tanned for Glovers, and Bazils, within Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of one Halfpenny for every such Pound Weight, and proportionably for greater or lesser Quantities of sheepskins and lamb skins to be so tanned in Great Britain respectively.

And for and upon all other Skins, and Pieces and Parts of Skins which, within or during the Term last mentioned, shall be tanned in Great Britain (not before particularly charged) a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, and proportionably for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities; the said several Rates and Duties for and upon all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the tanners thereof re speciively.

And for and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares and Geldings, which at any Time or Times, during the said Term of thirty-two Years, shall be dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling for every Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity or Number of such Hides.

For and upon all Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides of what Kind soever (those of Horses, Mares and Geldings excepted) which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of two Shillings for every such Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity or Number.

For and upon all calve skins and Kips, which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny for every Pound Weight Averdupols, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Slink calve skins which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, with the Hair on, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence for every Dozen, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all Slink calve skins which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and upon all Dogskins which shall be tawed as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Dozen, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity. fr

A.D. 1710. Anno nono akn42 Reginae. C 11. 447

For and upon all Buck and doe skins (except such as paid the full Duty on the Importation as afore Back and doe said) which shall be dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or be otherwise tawed as aforesaid, in Great Bri ficins tain, the Sum of threepence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all kid skins which shall be so dressed or tawed in Great Britain (except such as paid the Kid /kins, full Duty on the Importation as aforesaid) the Sum of sixpence for every Dozen, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all goatskins which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or be otherwise goat /kms. tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence for every Dozen, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all beaver skins which shall] be so tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling for beaver skins, every Dozen, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all sheepskins and lamb skins to be dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise Sheepand lamb tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of one Halfpenny for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate skins. See 10 for a greater or lesser Quantity. ^"^e'eo i C

And for and upon altother Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Skins to be tawed in Great Britain (not be'*'

fore particularly charged) a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the s n true and real Value thereof, and proportionally for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities: Which f id noche/bre'"8 several Rates and Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, to be dressed charged, in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, shall be paid by such Persons as shall be the Tawers or Makers thereof into Leather respectively and upon all Hides and Skins which, within or during the Term aforesaid, shall be dressed in Oil Hides and Skins within Great Britain, the Sum of fourpence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for dreffc<11, 1 °'L a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all deerskins, goatskins and beaver skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil within Deer, Goat and Great Britain, the like Sum of fourpence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a leaver skins, greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all calve skins which shall be so dressed in Oil within Great Britain, the like Sum of four calve skins. Pence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all sheepskins which shall! be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, the Rate of one Penny sheepskins and for every such Pound "Weight; and upon all Lamb skins that shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, lamb skins, the like Rate of one Penny for every such Pound Weight, and proportionally for greater or lesser Quantities of such sheepskins and lamb skins respectively.

And for and upon all other Skins and Parts or Pieces of Skins, to be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain Skins dressed in (not before particularly charged) a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of 0, 1 not before the true and real Value thereof, and proportionally for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities: The said cllarge'1, several Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, to be dressed in Oil within Great Britain, to be paid by the Oil Leather Dressers respectively.

III. And for better avoiding all Doubts and Controversies concerning the several Kinds of Hides and Definition of

Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins chargeable by this Act; It is hereby declared and enacted by the Tanneii Leather. Authority aforesaid, That by tanned Hides or Skins, or by tanned Pieces of Sides or Skins, are meant on 3peo' i ly such as are tanned in Wooze made of the Bark of Trees or Shomack, or whereof the principal Ingre C 4' I3'

dients shall be such Bark or Shomack; and that by Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, or Pieces of Hides and Leather dressed Skins dressed in Oil, are meant such as are made into Leather in Oil, or with any Liquor or Materials leather 'aw* whereof the chiefest Ingredient shall be Oil; and that by tawed Hides or Skins, or by tawed Pieces ofe eat er' Hides or Skins, are meant such as are dressed or made into Leather in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or oth3r In See farther aeon gredients properly used by the Tawers of White Leather; and that when her Majesty's full Duty by this corning Duty on Act shall be jaaid for any Hide or Skin, or Part of any Hide or Skin, under any one of the said Denomi Leather and Shin: nations, to wit, as for tanned Leather, tawed Leather, or dressed Leather, the same Skin or Hide, or Piece \°bfc dcul^'jre of any Skin or Hide, is not to be further charged by this Act under any other of the said Denominations; perpetually anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. gm.s.c 7.

And see 12 Ann. ft. 2. C q, /. 64. 5 Geo. 1. c. 2. jz Geo. 2. C 25.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected Doty on Vellum and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Vellum and and Parchment Parchment which shall, at any Time' or Times, within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, to imported m made be reckoned from the said four and twentieth Day ofjuneone thousand seven hundred and eleven, be made in ma^ferfet ual* Great Britain, or imported into the same, the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after express b^ceo. ic. fed; that is to say. For and upon all Vellum so imported a Duty after the Rate of one Shilling for every

Dozen; and for all Parchment so imported a Duty after the Rate of sixpence for every Dozen, and proportionally for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, to be paid by the Importers thereof respectively; for and upon all Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain as aforesaid, a Duty after the Rate of one Shilling for every Dozen; and for all Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain as aforesaid, a Duty aft r the Rate of sixpence for every Dozen, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties by this Act Duty on Skins, fetor imposed upon all or any of the said Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum and Parch imported, to mentor made Wares, by this Act chargeable, which shall be imported or brought into Great Britain as be pallj ths

t aforesaid, shall, from time to time, be satisfied and paid by the Importer or Importers of the same in ready mpcrt Money, upon his, her or their Entry or Entries made, and before the Landing thereof; and that in case

any

Goods landed before entry, C forfeited, or the Value,

Anno nono Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

After Duty paid Skins, C to be marked

How these Duties shall be raised.

any of the same Commodities or Manufactures shall be landed or put on Shore out any Ship or Vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the customhouse in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and before the said Duties by this act charged or chargeable thereupon shall be duly paid, or without a Warrant for the Landing or Delivering the same first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors or aether proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, that all such imported Commodities and Manufactures by this act chargeable as aforesaid, as shall be so landed or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true meaning hereof, or the value of the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, to wit, one Moiety of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform or sue for such Commodities or Manufactures chargeable by this act, as shall be so imported and forfeited, or the 'Value thereof, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminsters or in her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by action, Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no Eflbin, Protection or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

VI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Duties hereby granted upon such imported Hides or Skins shall be paid and satisfied, the Officer or Officers of the Customs of the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, shall cause every such Hide or Skin to be marked with such distinct Mark as this act directs to be provided and used, to denote the Payment of the Duty of such imported Hides or Skins as aforesaid.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties on all such Commodities and Manufactures chargeable by this act, as shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, during the Continuance thereof, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, uplifted, levied, recovered and answered, for the Uses and Purposes in this act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form as her Majesty's Duties, called the Subsidies upon Poundage Goods imported or any of them, are by any Law or Statute now in Force to be ascertained, secured, raised, uplifted, levied, recovered or answered, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

Imported Goods

VIII. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That the Values of such of the said imported comrriodi imem^how t" t'es anc Manufactures chargeable by this act, as are to pay Duty ad Valorem, upon the Importation thereby afcmained! 'n Cales be taken to be so much as such Imported Kinds are really worth to be sold at the

Port of Importation, without any Abatement for the Duties thereupon charged by this or any former act; and that the respective Customer or Collector, or other Person or Persons, Officer or Officers of the Customs for the time being, shall receive and levy the said Duty, payable ad Valorem, upon the Oath of the Merchant or Importer accordingly; and such Oath shall and may be administered, and all other Matters done for ascertaining the said Duties so payable ad Valorem., in the same Manner and Form as are law fully used and practised, or ought to be practised, for ascertaining any other the Duties payable ad Va -- lorem, upon the Importation of Leather.

These Duties to

IX. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties imposed by be under the this act for or upon the said Commodities or Manufactures to be imported as aforesaid, as shall arise in

rcommi'f f England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commis

e ° ml sioners and Officers of the Customs in England for the time being; and such of the Duties imposed by this act on the said Commodities and Manufactures to be imported as aforesaid, as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; and that the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the time being shall from time to time pay, or cause to be paid, all the Moneys that they respectively shall receive of the said Duties on the said Commodities and Manufactures to be imported as aforesaid (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities as are to be inflicted by this act, for diverting or misapplying any Moneys by this act required to be paid into the Exchequer.

X. And whereas in the first Year of the Reign of King James the First of happy Memory, a good and wholesome Statute was made concerning Tanners, Shoemakers, Curriers and other Artificers in Lea ' there wherein ample Provision was made for the true and well Tanning, Currying and Working of Lea ' there, and for and concerning the Buying and Selling of Leather, Red and Unwrought, in open 1 Fairs and Markets, and for such other Matters and Things relating to Leather, as in the said Statute are plainly and largely expressed, the due Execution whereof hath been and is of great Importance to the public Good and Service of this Realm, and will very much contribute to the Ascertaining and Collection of several of the Duties by this act intended to be granted: ' Be it therefore enacted by the Mayors, Bailiffs, Authority aforesaid, That all Mayors, Bailiffs or other Head Officers for the time being, in the several isrc. and all Tan cities, Boroughs and Market Towns of this Realm; and the respective Lords of Liberties, Fairs and nets, care to Markets; and the Mailers and Wardens of the several Companies in the said act expressed; all tan cornply'w?th the ners' Curriers, Shoemakers', and other Artificers, and all and every other Person and Persons whatsoever. Star. \ ja. 1. C who are or ought to be concerned in the Execution of the said Statute, or to give Obedience thereunto, zz. shall (under such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures as are therein severally expressed) duly execute, observe

and comply with the same Statute, and all the Clauses, Matters and Things therein contained, in relation to the Tanning, Dressing, Making, Buying, Selling, Trying, Sealing, Registring or other Mat, ters concerning Leather, other than such as have been altered by any Law or Statute since that Time

made, and now in Force,

Penalty on galli

XI. And for the better preventing the Gashing and Cutting of any Hides in Staying thereof, whereby, n£hldes r the same shall be impaired or hurt; It is hereby enacted, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, if the Raw Hide of any Ox, Bull, Steer or Cow, or the! Skin

sioners of the Customs.

I jac. 1. C 22.

449

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Annje Regina;. C 11.

Skin of any Calf, shall wilfully or negligently be.gashed, slaughtered or cut in the Staying thereof, or being gashed, slaughtered or cut as aforesaid, shall be offered to Sale by any Butcher, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever^and in every such Case, the Butcher or other Person, who impaired or hurt the said Hide 'by Gashing, Slaughtering or Cutting as aforesaid, or the Person offering the same to Sale, shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for every such Hide, and one Shilling for every such calve skin, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Poor of the Parish where the same shall be found or offeredtosale, and the other Moiety thereof to such Persons as will seize, inform or fuefor the same.

XII. And be it further enacted, That if any Tanner or other Person or Persons, from and after the said Penalty on ffia four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall have or cause to be shaved

any Hide or calve skin whatsoever, before the same be thoroughly tanned, whereby such Hide or Skin thoroughly shall be impaired, and her Majesty's Duty thereby diminished, every such Hide or Skin or the value tanned, thereof, shall be forfeited; one Moiety to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

XIII. And for the better Ascertaining, Charging and Securing the Duties by this Act set and imposed upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which within and during the said Term of thirty-two Years shall be tanned, tawed or dressed within Great Britain, according to the true Meaning of this Act, and for preventing Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, or to and for the Her majesty, 0 Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any

three or more of Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, on her Majesty's Behalf, in Writing Treasury, to np to commissionate and appoint such and so many Commissioners or Persons as they shall think fit, by one point commis or more Commission or Commissions, from time to time, to be her Majesty's Commissioners for the Re fmners for these ceipt and Management of the said Duties by this Act fetor imposed upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces Duties; of Hides and skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, or to be tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain; which who majfubfti said Commissioners or the major Part of them respectively, shall, and have hereby Power, by Com officers missions under their respective Hands and Seals, to substitute and appoint under them such Receivers Ge cets" neral, Collectors, Comptrollers, Surveyors and other Officers, as shall be requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, and all the Officers for the said Duties, shall have out of the same such Salaries and Rewards for their respective Services in relation to the said Duties, as the said Commissioners of the Treasury, or any three or more of them now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think reasonable to establish or allow in that Behalf; and that the said Commissioners for the said Duties The Money to respectively, for the time being, shall from time to time cause all the Moneys to arise by or for the said huer 6 Duties upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, to be tanned, tawed or dressed in Great XC equer' Britain, and for the said Vellum and Parchment to be made in Great Britain (the necessary Charges of managing, collecting and raising the same excepted) to be paid from time to time, as the same shall arise, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England', under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein after expressed.

XIV. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Value of such Hides and Skins, or Pieces of te Duty ort

Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, as are to pay Duty ad Valorem as aforesaid, C _ in all Cases be taken to be so much as they respectively shall then be really and bona fide worth to be tain that "pay

sold for, or will yield at the next Market, without Respect to the Duty hereby granted; and that the Col ad Valorem,

lector for the time being shall receive the said Duties payable ad Valorem accordingly, upon the Oath of howto be

the Tanner, Tawer, Dresser or Maker respectively, to be administered as is herein after directed. ascertained.

XV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Tanner, Bazil Tanntrs, s. C Tanner, Currier, Tawer, Spanish Leather Dresser, and all other Dressers of Hides or Skins, or Pieces of', efore 20jui/ Hides or Skins, to be tanned, tawed or dressed in Woozc, Mill, Allom, Salt, Oil, Meal or other Ma notive'to^the terials whatsoever, and all and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment in Great Britain, shall, before the proper Officer of twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eleven, give Notice in 'Writing to some one or their Names and more of the proper Officer or Officers to be appointed for the next Market to the Place where any T an w«es of Abode, house, tan yard, work house, Mill, or other Place, shall be made use offor the Tanning, Tawing or t^va'ods and Dressing any such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or making any such Vellum or 0fth" eirpits Parchment as aforesaid, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of every such Tan

house, Tan yard, Workhouse, Mill or other Place, for the Tanning, Tawing, or Dressing any such -

or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum and Parchment as aforesaid, by them respectively used, and of the Number and Situation of Pits and Fats in them or any of them, and of the

Numbers and Kinds of the Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, then being in the said

Pitts and Fatts respectively; that all and every such Tanner, Tawer, Currier, Dresser and Maker as aforesaid, as often as he, he or they shall change, their Places of Tanning, Tawing or Dressing of such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, or making such Vellum or Parchment, and all and every Person and Persons, who shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of this Act, be the Tanner, Tawer, Currier or Dresser of any such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or be the Maker of any such Vellum or Parchment as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like Notice of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of their tan houses, Yards, work houses, Mills, or other Places where they shall tan, taw or dress, or intend to tan, taw or dress any such Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, or make any such Vellum or Parchment as aforesaid, before they or any of them do presume to make use of such i'an house, Yard, work house, Mill or other Place, or any Pits or Fats therein, to the End the said Officers may, from time to time, have due Knowledge of all such tan houses, tan yards, work houses, Mills or other Places, with the Number and Situation of Fats and Pits where such Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, shall be tanned, tawed or dressed, and where the said Vellum or Parch vol. IV' Mmm ment

45°

cn Forfeiture of 501.

Tanners, C to give Notice of their Places for drying or keeping of Hides, &c.

and when they take their Skins, C out of the Mill, &c.

?nd to permit the ofhi ers to take an Account of their Hides, &c.

and within two Days to make Entry on Oath.

Goods not to be removed before entered and marked.

Officers may enter tan yard, &c.

Owner refuting Entrance, forfeits 10 I.

Tanner, C nfing private tan yard, cor

not giving timely Notice,

or not making due Entries,

or removing, or concealing any Skins, C

forfeits 201. and Things so concealed,

CII. Anno nono ann e Regius. A.D. 1710.

ment shall be made, and be the better enabled to take an Account of all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, chargeable by this Act, that sober Majesty may be the better answered the Duties for the same; and if any such Tanner, Tawer, Currier, drefter, o r Maker as aforesaid, shall neglect to give or leave such Notice as is required by this Act as aforesaid, he, she or they shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; one third Fart thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, and the other two Thirds to him or them that shall inform or sue for the same.

XVI. And the better to prevent any Frauds or Concealments, whereby her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, may be injured or deprived of her or their Dues; Be it further enacted, That the several Tanners, Tawers, Dressers, and Makers aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act, shall not make Use of any Place or Places for the drying or keeping the said Hides or Skins, or any Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, chargeable by this Act, other than such Place or Places whereof he, she or they shall first have given Notice to the proper Officer of the said Duties, to be the usual Place or Places for his, her or their drying and keeping the same; and that the respective Tanners, Tawers, Dressers and Makers aforesaid, shall, from time to time, give or send Notice in Writing to the proper Officer for the said Duties, of the Time when such Tanner, Tawer, Maker, or drefter shall take his, her or their Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or any of them, or any Vellum or Parchment, out of the Mill, Wooze, Liquor, Oil, or other Materials, wherein the same shall be tanned, tawed, sleeped, or dreifed, in order to be dried; which Notice shall, from time to time, be given or sent two Days at the leaf!:, before the taking such Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, or the said Vellum or Parchment, out of the said Wooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil, or other Materials, or before the hanging up or disposing the same to be dried; and that the respective Tanners, Tawers, Dressers, and Makers aforesaid, shall, from time to time, permit and suffer the proper Officers of the said Duties, and they are hereby empowered, to take an Account of the Number and Quality of all Hides and Skins, and Pieces thereof. Vellum and Parchment, which any such Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker, by or for himself or themselves, or 6r by or for any other Person or Persons, shall (at any Time or Times from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the said Term of thirty-two Years) take out of Wooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil, or other Materials, wherein the same shall have been tanned, tawed, steeped, dressed or made, in order to be dried; and shall within two Days after the taking out of the said Wooze, Mill, Liquor, or other Materials aforesaid, and before the carrying away the same from the usual Place or Places, where such Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof, or such Vellum or Parchment, are or shall be usually dried, make true Entry, with the proper Officer or Officers, of the Number and Quality of the Hides, Skins, and the Pieces of Hides and Skins so taken out to be dried, and shall verify such Entry upon Oath, which Oath any Justices of the Peace, or the Collectors or Supervisors, that shall be appointed for the said Duty, in their respective Districts, are hereby empowered to administer, to the end the respective Duties for the same may be answered, as is herein after directed; and that no Tanner, Tawer, drefter or Maker of such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or such Vellum or Parchment, so taken out of the Wooze, Mill, Liquor, or Materials aforesaid, after the said four and twentieth Day of June, at any Time or Times during the Term aforesaid, shall remove, carry or send away, or fufrer to be removed, carried or sent away, the same, or any Part thereof, from their respective Yards, work houses, or other Places where they shall usually dry such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or such Vellum or Parchment, unless the Duty payable by this Act for such Hides and Skins, and pieces of Hides and Skins, and for such Vellum and Parchment respectively, so to be removed, be first charged and entered, and a Mark be put thereupon to denote the Charge and Entry thereof, as this Act directs.

XVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the Officer and Officers so to be appointed, at all seasonable Times in the daytime to enter into any tan yard, work house, Warehouse, Mill, or other House or Place used by any such Tanner, Tawer, Currier, or drefter of any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or by any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, chargeable by this Actor where any such shall be lodged, to search and see what Quantities of such Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, are taken out of the Wooze, Mill, Liquors or other Materials as aforesaid, in order to be dried, or made fit for Sale or Use; and if any Owner or Occupier of any such tan yard, work house, or other Place as aforesaid, shall at any Time or Times, refuse Entrance to the Officer or Officers as aforesaid, he, she or they shall for every such Refusal forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds; one third Part thereof to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and the other two Thirds to the Use of him or them who will inform or sue for the same; and if any Tanner, Tawer, Currier, or drefter of any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or any Maker of Vellum or Parchment, chargeable by this Act, shall endeavour to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, of any Duty by this Act payable, by using any private tan yard, Work house. Pit, Sat, Mill, or Place, for the tanning, tawing, steeping, dressing, drying, or keeping the same, contrary to this Actor by not giving or sending such timely Notice of taking his, her or their Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, out of the Wooze, Mill, Liquor, Oil, or other Materials, as this Act requires; or by not making due Entries, and giving an Account of the said Hides and Skins, or Pieces thereof as aforesaid; by removing, sending, or carrying away the same, or any Part thereof, contrary to this Act; or shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any of the said Hides or Skins, or Pieces thereof. Vellum or Parchment, chargeable by this Act to the Intent to deceive her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, of her or their just Dues for the same; that then and in every such Case, for every such Offence, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; one Moiety whereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform or sue for the same; and moreover, in all such Cases, all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which shall be found in any such private tan yard, work house, ware house, House, Mill, or

Place,

A.D. 1710. Anno 110110 Annve Reginae. C 11. 45 C

Place, or for which no such Entry shall be made, or that shall be so unlawfully removed, sent or carried away, contrary to this Add, or shall be fraudulently hid or concealed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof to the Person or Persons who will seize, inform, or sue for the same.

XVIII. And for the better Collection, receiving and levying of the said Rates and Duties upon the said several Kinds of Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and upon Vellum and Parchment, by v/dghk.*5 this Add severally charged as aforesaid; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who at any Time or Times, within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, shall tan, taw, or dress any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins whatsoever, chargeable by this Add, shall, at their several Yards or Places by them respectively used for drying the same, provide and keep, at their own Cofds and Charges, sufficient and just Scales and Weights for weighing of all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which they respectively shall tan, taw, or dress, and for which the said Duties are to be paid by Weight as aforesaid; that such and so Sworn Officers to many sworn Officers for the said Duties as shall be sufficient and necessary for the weighing the said Hides be ?pp°>nted for and Skins, and Pieces thereof, and performing such other Matters and Things as are to be performed "xl£ ing' by such Officer or Officers at every such Yard or dressing place, shall be appointed, and give due Attendance for that Purpose.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Tanner, Tawer, Tanners, eta or Drafter of any such Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, and every Maker of Vellum or Parch ^'officerstwa ment, shall, from time to time, before any such Hides or Skins, Pieces of Hides or Skins, or such Vel i)ays before Ret lum or Parchment shall be removed from his, her or their Yards, work houses, Places of dressing, drying, movaiof Hides, or keeping the same respectively, give Notice in Writing, by the Space of two Days, to the proper Of C

fleer or Officers for the said Duties, of all Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, and all such Vellum and Parchment, as he, she or they shall intend to remove, to the Intent that the Officers for the said Duties may ascertain the Duties payable for the same (for the giving of which Notice, he, she or they shall not be obliged to go further than the next Market Town) and every such Tanner or Dresser shall and to permit permit all such Hides or Skins, for which the Duties are to be charged and paid by Weight, to be weighed the

by the proper Officer or Officers at the Yard or Place where the same shall be dried or kept, before the same shall be removed as aforesaid, 'and shall bring or cause the same to be brought to the Scales, and assist in weighing thereof, and shall also permit the Officer for the said Duties to take an Account of the Num afa rtain the hers and Qualities of all such Skins and Hides, or Pieces of Skins and Hides, Vellum and Parchment, so Value, intended to be removed, whereof the Duty is to be paid by Tale, and shall likewise ascertain the Value of all such Skins and Hides, or Pieces of Skins and Hides, so intended to be removed, whereof the Duty is to be charged and paid ad Valorem, by the Oath of the said respective Tanners, Tawers, drefl ers, or Makers thereof as aforesaid: Oath any Justice of the Peace, for the said respective Officer or Officers, are hereby empowered to administer, before any such Skins or Hides, or Pieces of Skins or Hides, be removed from the Places of drying or keeping the same respectively.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Duties of officer to make the said Skins and Hides, Pieces of Skins and Hides, Vellum and Parchment, so intended to be removed, Return in wri shall be ascertained by Weight, Tale, or ad Valorem as aforesaid, the proper Officer or Officers for the ting, see 5 Geo. said Duties shall fairly enter in a Book to be kept by him or them for that Purpose, the respective Weights, C 3- 10,

Tales, and Value of all such Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, whereof

the Duties shall have been so ascertained as aforesaid, and shall make thereof a Return or Report in Writing to the respective Commissioners, or the Collectors, or other Persons by them appointed to receive the same, leaving a true Copy thereof under his Hand with the respective Tanners, Tawers, drefters, and and leave a Copy Makers of such Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment: Which Return or there. of, with Report of the said Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon the Tanners, Tawers, drefters and Makers the anjler> cof such Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment respectively.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That immediately from and after the Officer to mark Duty of the said Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, so intended to be each h.de, c. removed, shall be ascertained by Weight, Tale, or ad Valorem as aforesaid, and an Entry made thereof in

a Book to be kept by the said Officer or Officers as aforesaid, the said Officer or Officers who shall so have ascertained the same, shall cause every Hide or Skin, and every Piece of a Hide or Skin, and all Vellum and Parchment, whereof the Duty shall be so ascertained, to be marked with such Mark as this Act directs to be provided and used, to denote the charging of such Duty as aforesaid.

XXII. Provided always, That in case any such Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker of such Hides or officer to mark

Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum or Parchment, shall desire the said Mark to be made upon any the Hide, & C particular Part thereof, then the Officer or Officers so appointed to mark the same, shall mark the same where Tanner, accordingly. _ c desires.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Tanners, Persons in ion tawers, drefters, and Makers of such Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and parch don, C toffif ment, shall pay off and discharge all the Duties of the said Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, charge the Do vellum and Parchment, so marked as aforesaid, jn, Manner herein after mentioned (chat is to say) Such Pesa" r^th^s' of the said Duties as shall arise within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Limits of the weekly pans in 6 Week. Bills of Mortality, to the Receiver of the said Duties at the Head Office of the said Commissioners, within

fourteen Days after the same shall be marked as aforesaid; such of the said Duties as shall arise and be payable in the other Parts of Great Britain, within six Weeks after the same shall be so marked and stamped as aforesaid, to the respective Collectors that shall be appointed to receive the same: And the Officers to be appointed for collecting and receiving the Duties hereby granted shall, and they are hereby required to give Receipts under their Hands gratis, and without delay, for all the Moneys they

M rn tn z shall,

Payment to be nude at the next 'market Town.

Penalty on Nonpayment, doable the Sum, C

Tanner not keeping just Scales, cor

removing his Hides, &c. before the Duty is charged.

or before marking

and the Buyer or Contractor,

to forfeit 501. end the Hides, Sic. so removed.

Tanner, C to account with th proper Officer once in three Months,

n Penalty of 50 1.

collar makers, C who dress Skins, to be accounted Taw cm,

Anno nono anne Reginae. A.D. 1710.

hall, from time to time, receive, by virtue of this Act, to or for the Use of such Person or Persons as shall pay the same.

XXIV. Provided always, That no Person or Persons shall be obliged, for the Payment of the said Duties, to go farther than the next Market Town to the respective Places where the same shall be so marked as aforesaid.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every such Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker of such Hides and Skins, Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, chargeable with the said Duties, who shall neglect or refuse to make such Payment as aforesaid, hall forfeit and lose for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall he so refused or neglected: And that no such Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker, or other Person, after such Default made, shall send, deliver, or carry out any Hides or Skins, Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, until he, she or they have or hath paid and cleared off his, her or their Duty as aforesaid; Pain to forfeit double the Value of such Hides or Skins, Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, so delivered or carried out.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker of any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, chargeable by this Act, hall not at their respective Yards, or other Places for drying the same, keep just Scales and Weights, as this Act directs, or shall not permit his, her or their Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, which are to be weighed at such Yards of drying Places as aforesaid, to be there weighed; or neglect or refuse to bring the same to the Scales, or assist at the weighing of the same, as this Act requires; or if any Tanner, Tawer, or Dresser of Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, or any Maker of Vellum or Parchment chargeable by this Act, shall remove or convey, or cause or procure to be removed or conveyed from his, her or their Yard or drying Place, any of the f.dd Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, or any such Vellum or Parchment, before the said Duties shall be fully charged by Weight, or Tale, or ad Valorem, as this Act in the said respective Cases doth require, and before the same Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, and such Vellum and Parchment respectively, shall be marked, to denote the charging of the Duty as this Act directs; if any Buyer or Contractor shall take or carry away, or cause or procure to be carried away, from any such Yard or drying Place, any of the Kinds of Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, before the same shall be marked as this Act directs; that then and in every such Case, all and every such Tanners, Tawers, Dressers, Makers, Buyers, Contractors, or other Persons respectively, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them that will inform or sue for the same; and moreover, that all the Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, which shall be sold or removed, contrary to this Act, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of her Majesty's Officers, for her Majesty's Use.

XXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Tanner, Tawer and Dresser of any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, and every Maker of Vellum and Parchment in Great Britain, shall once in every three Months at the least, make an Account with the proper Officer of every Division or Di ft rift respectively, of and for all the Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which such Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker respectively, by himself, or any other, within the Time of every such Account, shall have taken out of the Wooze, Mill, Liquor, or Ingredients, used for tanning, tawing, steeping, drafting, or making the same, and of his Entries thereof with the Officer, and shalt at the same Time balance the said Account, by Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, for which the Duty shall then have been charged as aforesaid, and by such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, then remaining in his Possession unmarked, for which the Duty shall not have been charged as aforesaid; Account (if demanded) every such Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker, shall truly and faithfully make, from time to time, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform or sue for the same; and that every such Officer, upon the taking of every such Account, shall inform himself concerning the Truth or Falsehood thereof, to the End and Purpose, that if such Tanner, Tawer, Dresser, or Maker, shall have unlawfully conveyed away any of the said Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, contrary to this Act, or shall have defrauded her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any Part of the Duties hereby payable for the same, he may be proceeded against in such Manner and Form, and for such Penalties or Forfeitures, as are by this Act prescribed for such Offence.

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every collar makers, Glovers, bridle cutters and others who dress any Skins or Hides, or pieces of Skins or Hides, in Oil, Ailom, and Salt, or Meal or with other Ingredients, and who cut and make the same into Wares, shall be accounted Tawers or Dressers within this Act, and shall be subject to such. Rules and Directions, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures for securing the Duties of the Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, which they shall so dress, as are by this Act prescribed in that Behalf, and shall be charged with the Duties for the same (by Weight, Tale, or ad Valorem, as this Act in the respective Cases doth direct) before such Hides and Skins, or Pieces of Hides and Skins, shall be respectively cut or converted into made Wares.

XXIX. And whereas several Tanners, Tawers, Dressers, Curriers, Sellers of Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, tanned, tawed, or dressed, Shoemakers, coach makers, collar makers, bridle cut ters, Sadlers, trunk makers, bottle makers, Merchants, and other Dealers in Hides or Skins tanned,

tawed, or dressed, and several Makers of Vellum and Parchment, Stationers, bookbinders, the Commissioner and Officers for the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and other Traders or 1 Dealers

A.D. 1710. Anno nono anne Reginze.

C 11. 453

Dealers in Vellum or Parchment respectively, have or may have, on the four and twentieth Day June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, several Stocks or Quantities of such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed or drelied, (not made into Wares) and several Stocks and Quantities of Vellum and Parchment, all which are respectively of the Produce of Great Britain, or Stock in Han,

imported into the same Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Tan un*4.junei7i»,

ner, Tawer, Dresser, Currier, Seller, shoe maker, coach maker, trunk maker, bottle maker, Merchantto Pay one half

and other Dealer in such Hides or Skins, and all and every such Makers of Vellum and Parchment, Commissioners and Officers of the Stamp Duties, Stationers, bookbinders and other Traders and Dealers in

Vellum and Parchment, having on the said four and' twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons, for his, her or their Use, Benefit or Account, any Stock or Quantity of such Hides or Skins

or Pieces of Hides or Skins, tanned, tawed or drolled, (not made into Wares) or any Stock or Quantity

of V ellum or Parchment, within the Realm of Great Britain being for Sale, hall yield and pay to her Majesty

for the same, so much Money as one half Part of the Rates or Duties by this al imposed on the

like respective Commodities to be tanned, tawed, dressed or made in Great Britain, or to be imported

into the same after the Commencement of this al, hall amount unto; the said half Part for the said'

Stocks to be paid within three Months after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven.

XXX. And to the end the said Stocks may be known and discovered, and the said Rates for the same Tanners, etc. by may be ascertained and answered; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said z9 July 1711, Tanners, and others before mentioned, hall deliver or cause to be delivered, on or before the twentieth deliver to the Oi day of July one thousand seven hundred and eleven, to the proper Officer to be appointed in this Behalf, psrock*w a particular in Writing, signed by themselves or their Appointments, of their several Stocks before 0 1 eit toc mentioned, describing the whole Quantities of each Kind as follows; that is to say, By the Weight and

Tale of such of the said Commodities as are to be charged with the said Duty by Weight, and by the

Tale of such of the said Commodities as are to be charged with the said Duties by Tale only, and by the

Quantities and Values of such of the said Commodities in the said Stock, as are by this Act to pay Duty

ad Valorem, and hall verify the said particular upon Oath, to the best of his Knowledge and Judgement j

which Oath shall and may be administered by any Justice of the Peace, or by the Collector or Supervisor

for the said Duties; And the said Officers to be appointed to this Purpose, are hereby authorised and im Officers may en

powered to enter into any Shops, warehouses or other Places whatsoever, where any such Stock hall be ter in, ° shops

nr remain, there to view the same, and to take an account thereof; And all and every the said Person or f^'ck°v'ew

Persons chargeable as aforesaid, for their respective Stocks, hall be obliged, by Force and Virtue of this Act, if thereunto required, to permit and suffer the proper Officer to make such Entrance and View as

aforesaid; if any such Person or Persons hall refuse to permit or suffer such Officer to enter into their r?fufal to per

Shops, Warehouses or other Places, (if thereunto required) there to view the said Stock as aforesaid, or then for any Part thereof, then every such Person for such Refusal, hall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; one sets 50'

Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or them who will inform or sue for the same.

XXXI. And it is hereby enacted, That the Collector, upon the Receipt of any such Duties for Stock to give

hall give a Receipt for the same gratis; and in case such Duties for Stock hall not be paid on or before a receipt 8ra<15-. the four and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, or if before that Time Stock not paid the same be not secured to be paid on of before the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand fe or byzascpt. ven hundred and eleven, (which Securitythe proper Officers are hereby empowered to take by Bond in I7J, i'i0rfejukre'3*' her Majesty's Name, and to her Use) then such Officer or Officers hall and may, by Virtue of this Act, dktpefi and Sale, levy such Duties for the said Stock that shall not be paid or secured, by Distress of the Good and Chattels

of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, liable thereunto, and for nonpayment may sell such Distress within ten Days, rendering the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner, after Satisfaction of the Duty and Charges of the said Distress.

XXXII. Provided always, That if any such Person or Persons chargeable for such Stock, hall pay or Discountfoe cause to be paid, his or their Duties for the same, within the said Space of three Months, he, he or they hall promptpayment, be allowed for such prompt Payment, after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for every Sum

so advanced.

XXXIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said Tanners. Tawers,

Dressers, Curriers, Sellers, shoe makers, coach makers, collar makers, bridle cutters, Merchants, cufar of their" trunk makers, bottle makers, and other Dealers in Hides or Skins, tanned, tawed Or dressed. any stock, to forfeit of the said Makers of Vellum and Parchment, Commissioners, Officers, Stationers, bookbinders, and 50l. and their other Traders or Dealers in vellum.and Parchment, having on the said four and twentieth Day of June concealed Stosk. one thousand seven hundred atnd eleven", in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons for his, her or their Use, Benefit or Account, any such Stock as aforesaid, hall neglect to give a Particular of the same in such Manner and Form as aforesaid, on or before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and eleven, or hall wittingly or willingly omit

or leave out of the same any Part of his, her or their said Stock, to the Intent to defraud her Majesty, or hall fraudulently remove, carry away or conceal his, her or their said Stock, or any Part thereof, before her Majesty's Duties thereupon shall be paid or secured as aforesaid; and in every such Case, he, she or they so offending, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety to him or th.m who will inform or sue for the same; and in all and every such Case and Cases, the Stock or Quantity of Hides or Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins,

Vellum and Parchment, for which no such Particular hall have been given, or which hall be fradulently omitted out of the same, or which shall be so concealed or carried away before her Majesty's Duties hall'

be

After Duty for Stock is paid, Hide, C to be marked.

No See for Entries, Cs

Two Justices may hear and determine.

S Jac. z. C 22.

C 11.

Anno nono Ann, Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

be paid or secured, dial] be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of her Majesty's Officers as aforesaid, for her Majesty's Use.

And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Duties of the said Stock of any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum and Parchment, shall be paid or secured as aforesaid, the Officer or Officers for the said Duties shall cause every such Hide or Skin, and every Piece of a Hide or Skin, and all Vellum and Parchment, whereof the Duty shall be so paid or secured as aforesaid, to be marked with such distinct Mark as this Act directs to be provided and used to denote the paying or securing such Duty as aforesaid.

XXXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no See or Reward shall be had or taken by any of the said Officers, from any of the said Tanners, Tawers, Curriers, Dressers, 'buy.rs or Sellers of Hides or Skins or others, for any Entries, Accounts, Permissions, Certificates, Marks or Receipts before in this Act mentioned, or any of them, under the Penalty of five Pounds to be forfeited to the Party grieved for every such Offence.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any two or more of the Justices of the Peacfe for the Time being, residing near to the Place where any Forfeiture upon this Act shall he incurrej, or any Offence against this Act shall be committed, in any wise relating to the said Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, chargeable by this Act, or any the Duties thereupon, or the Powers and Authorities hereby granted, or where any Offence shall be committed against the said recited Act of the first Year of the Reign of King James the First, to hear and determine the same: Which said Justices of the Peace, are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, within three Months after any Seizure made, or such Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on cither Side, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused, in not appearing, (upon Proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Witness or Witnesses upon Oath, (which Oath they are hereby empowered to administer) and to give Judgement or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of the Offence alleged against him, to award and issue Warrants under their Hands for the levying any Pecuniary Penalty or Penalties so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering the

Appeal to Quar party the Overplus (if any): And if either Party shall find himself aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied in the tei sefuonsfinal. Judgmerat of the said Justices, then he or they shall or may, by Virtue of this Act, complain or appeal to, the justices of the Peace at the next General Quarter sessions for that County, Riding or Place, who are hereby empowered to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to near and determine the same, and in case of Conviction, to issue Warrants for levying the Penalties as aforesaid.

XXXVII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Justices, where they shall see cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Penalties, in such Manner as they in their discretion shall think fit, the reasonable Cost and Charges in the Officers, as well in making the Discovery as in the Prosecution of the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, apd so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than one fourth Part thereof, over and above the said Costs and Charges; anything contained in this Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Commissioners or Persons as shall

to have the same be appointed in Pursuance of this Act to be the Commissioners for the said Duties upon Hides and Skins, Power as the tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, shall and may have and exercise the same Jiirifdidtion, Power,

and Authority, and shall and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, and order in all Cases and Matters relating to the said Duties on Hides and Skins, and Pieces thereof, tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and to the said Duties on Vellum and Parchment, made in Great Britain, as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer, Ale and other Liquors, may or lawfully can exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate or order, in the like Cases and Matters relating to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in Force.

XXXIX. And to the End that all and every Person and Persons, who shall export any Hides or calve skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, which shall have been duly marked with such Mark or Stamp as aforesaid, denoting the charging of the Duty payable by this Act for the same as aforesaid, (any Hides or Calve':

': .*« being Part of the said Stock in Hand always excepted) and that all and every Person and Persons, 5 who shall export any Boots, Shoes, Gloves or other Manufactures, made of any Kind of Leather chargeable

by this Act to pay a Duty by Weight, may respectively upon the Exportation of such Hides or calve skins or any such made Wares as are last mentioned, receive such respective Allowances as are herein after expressed; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the shipping of any such Hides or calve skins, (except before excepted) or any of the made Wares last mentioned, for Exportation into foreign Parts, and upon sufficient Security to be first given to the Customer or Collector of the Customs of the Port from whence such Exportation shall be made, (which Security they have hereby Power to take in the Name and to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors) that such Hides, calve skins and such made Wares last before mentioned, so shipped or any Part thereof, shall no be regive the Expor landed or brought on Shore again, in any Port or Part of Great Britain, the said Customer or Collector tir a Certificate shall give to the Exporter thereof a Certificate or Debenture in Writing of the Kinds and Quantities and otia^ciues and Weight of the Hides, calve skins, and such made Wares so exported, for which Security shall have been Weight!" an given as aforesaid.

for ijic Drawback on tanned Leather exported, see 17. Anna?, Slat, 2, C q, §. 64.

Justices may mitigate Penalties.

Commissioners of of Excise.

Matters in this section farther provided for by

On Exportation of Hides or catve skins, or Leather Manufactures, on Security, C Customer, C to

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann; Reginae. C 11. 45 5

XL. And it is hereby enacted, That upon producing such Certificate or Debenture for any Quantity On producing of such Hides or calve skins so exported, to the Collector of the said Duties at the Port 'where the said plcj} Certificate, Hides or calve skins shall be exported, in every such Case the same Collector ball forthwith, out of the t(, °repayrjwa' Moneys in his Hands for her Majesty's Use of the same Duties, and in Default thereof, then the Com thirds of the missioners for the same Duties shall repay or cause to be repaid to the Person or Persons who hall pro Duties, duee such Certificate or Debenture from the said Customer or Collector of the Port aforesaid, two thirds of the Duties which were before charged for the said Hides or calve skins so exported or shipped to be exported as aforesaid, (such Hides and calve skins as shall have been charged as Stock in Hand as aforesaid, always excepted).

XLI. And it is hereby further enacted, That upon producing a Certificate or Debenture of the said Such Repayment Customer or Collector of such Port as aforesaid, of any Quantity of such Boots, Shoes, Gloves or such 'lu'^hemark other Manufactures as are before described or mentioned, which hall be so shipped to be exported forfo denote the" reign Parts, to the Commissioners who shall be appointed for the Management of the said Duties upon charging of the Leather, or to the Collector of the same Duties at the said Port of Exportation; in every such Case the Duty, do notap said Commissioners or such Collector, shall out of the Moneys which shall be in his or their Hands of the Fear on such said Duties by this Act granted pay to the Person or Persons who hall bring such Certificate or Deben made Ware ture of the said Customer or Collector of the Port, an Allowance after the Rate of two thirds of the Duty which by this Act was chargeable by Weight upon the Leather of which such Boots, Shoes, Gloves or other Manufactures shall have been made, although the Mark or Stamp to denote the charging or Payment of the Duty cannot or do not appear upon such made Wares respectively; any Thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Hides, calve skins, Boots, Shoes, Gloves or Such Gords re other Manufactures of Leather, shipped to be exported as aforesaid, shall be relanded or put on Shore landed>forkite<! again within Great Britain, the same and treble the Value thereof shall be forfeited, to wit, one Moiety Value ethe thereof to the queen's Majesty, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons who will seize, inform or sue for the same.

XLIII. Provided always, That no Wares made of Hides or Skins hall be intituled, by this Act, to any Goods curried Drawback as made Wares, in respect only of their being curried or dressed by the Currier; anything w"

in this or any former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. back

XLIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Commissioners ofher Commissioners of majesty's Customs in Great Britain, hall on or before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand Customs to pro seven hundred and eleven, provide such and so many Marks or Stamps of the same Kind, with which all vide Stamps for the Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins imported as aforesaid, during the Continuance of this h0', dt7d &c'im" Act, ball be markt or stamped, upon Payment of the Duties thereof as aforesaid; and shall cause the said commissionerj Marks or Stamps to be distributed amongst the respective Officers of the Customs for that Purpose of this Duty to that the respective Commissioners to be appointed for managing the said Ditties upon Hides and Skins tan provide Stamps ned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and the said Duties upon Vellum and Parchment made in Great for h'd's' C Britain, hall on or before the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven ^aet provide such and so many Marks or Stamps of one and the same Kind, (but differing from the Marks or Stamps last before mentioned) with which all the Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned, tawed or dressed in Great Britain, and all the Vellum and Parchment made in Great Britain, during the Continuance of this Act, upon the charging of the said respective Duties for the same, shall be {lamped and marked; and also so many Stamps and Marks of one other Kind, with which all the Stock of Hides and and Stamps to Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and all Vellum and Parchment in Great Britain, on the said four mark suckm and twentieth Day of June, upon Payment or securing the said Duties as aforesaid, hall be {lamped and Hand, marked; and hall cause the said respective Marks or Stamps to be distributed to the respective Officers for the several Purposes before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required in using the same, officers not to to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that may be, to the Hide or Skin, or the Piece of an Hide damage the or Skin, or to the Vellum or Parchment to be so marked; and the said respective Commissioners, in pro Hides, C in viding the said respective Marks or Stamps, shall take Care that they be so contrived, that the Impression marking, thereof may be durable, and so as the same may be least liable to be forged or counterfeited; and that the stamps to be said Marks and Stamps or any of them, shall or may be altered or renewed, from Time to Time, as her durable, Majesty, her Heirs or Successors shall think fit; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall at any Forging stamps, Lime or Times hereafter counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Stamp or Mark which Felony, shall be provided or made in pursuance of this Actor shall counterfeit or resemble the impression of the Concerning same upon any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, or any Vullum or Parchment, thereby to de Stamps, feefar fraud her Majesty, her heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties hereby granted, or shall utter, vend than9 Ann. c.ij. or sell any Hide or Skin, or Piece of any Hide or Skin, Vellum or Parchment, with such counterfeit C 19 Mark or Impression thereupon, knowing such Mark or Impression to be counterfeited, then every such ^.

Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall U fiat. 1, suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy. II 'Ann. fiat. 1.

C 9.

5 Geo. 1. c. 19. f. 48, 6c0. 1, ei. 11 C 1. r. n Geo. I. C 33.9 Geo. 2. c. 32. 16 Geo. 2. c. 16. 19 Geo. 2. C3. 30 Geo. i. C 19.

32 Geo. 2. c. 35.

XLV. And it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person who shall Commissioners be appointed a Commissioner for the Duties last mentioned, and every subordinate Officer under the said a"dfutordl" at Commissioners, who ball receive any Salary or Allowance in respect of his Office, shall, before his acting rw0", s to e in his respective Trust, take an Oath for his due and faithful Execution of the same, according to this Act; which Oath shall and maybe administered to any such Commissioner by any other Person who shall be ap 3 pointed

45

Pates and Tails. to pay 151. per Centum ad Valorem, and not to be marked.

No Information to be brought to Westminster in Cases cognisable by Justices. See,

Commissioners and Officers liable to the Att

9 w. 3.

t) W. 3. C 44.

Commissioners, Officers, C not to intermeddle with Elections.

made perpetual, 3 Geo. 1. c. 7.' Sec farther 12 Ann, Jl. 2. C 9. 5 Geo. 1. c. 2. jz Geo. 2. c. 25.

For the Appropriation of the Surplus arising from this Act, see9 Annae, C 23. §. 85.

Made peipe tual, 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 12.*

From June 1711. for four Years, Hops imported to pay 3 d per Pound weight.

C 12. Anno nono Amuje Reginae. A.D. 1710.

pointed a Commissioner as aforesaid, and to the said Officers respectively by any one of the said of, or by one Justice of the Peace, who hall give to the officer a Certificate thereof gratis.

XLVI. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such small Pieces as have been commonly called Pates and Tails, and are tanned after they are cut off from the Hides, hall not be charged with the said Duty to be paid by Weight, but hall be chargeable with the said Duty of fifteen Pounds per Centum ad Valorem, to be paid before they be removed from the Place of drying or keeping the same; and that the Collector, upon receiving the said Duty ad Valorem, for such Pates and Tails, shall give an Acquittance expressing the Number thereof, without marking them or any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XLVII. Provided, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Bill, Plaint or Information hall be brought or sued forth in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any Offence against this Statute, touching or concerning the Duties hereby granted, for of upon any Hides or Skins, or Pieces of Hides or Skins, Vellum or Parchment, tanned, tawed, dressed, or made in Great Britain, in Cases where such Offences are by this Act cognizable by Justices of the Peace; nor lira]] any Certiorari be brought or allowed to remove any the Proceedings of the Justices of the Peace relating to the same Offences, or any Forfeitures or Penalties for the same, but that the Determination of the Justices of the Peace in the County where such Offence or Offences hall be committed, hall, in Manner and Form aforesaid, be final, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLVIII. And to the End all the Rates and Duties by this Act granted for and upon such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum and Parchment, as are abovementioned, may be duly and certainly raised, and the same (except the necessary Charges of raising and managing the said Duties, and otherwise in Execution of this Act) may be justly and duly brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, according to the true Meaning hereof; it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, there hall be appointed such and so many Commissioners and Officers as hall be proper and necessary for managing, raising, collecting, and paying the said Rates and Duties upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, chargeable by this Act, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that the respective Commissioners and Officers concerned therein shall perform their several Duties, in relation to the Premises, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, as are prescribed, and to be inflated, by Virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and far settling the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or Neglect, relating to the Duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Act last mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, Officer, or other Person, concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, receiving, or managing any of the Duties granted by this Act, shall byword, Meilage or Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Person to bea Knight of the Shire, Commissioner, Citizen, Burgess or Baron, for any County, City, Borough or Cinque Port; and every Officer or other Person offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed, to be recovered by any Person that hall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotlandin which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person convict on any such Suit hall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever hearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever under her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors,

CAP. XII.

An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops.

MOST gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for the better enabling your Majesty to support the public Credit, and for other your majesty's most necessary Occasions, have cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty, such several and respective Duties, 'for and upon all Hops to be imported into Great Britain, and for and upon all Hops growing or to grow within the fime, as are herein after mentioned, for and during the Term herein after expressed; do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Hops which, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of four Years, to be' reckoned from the first Day of fune one thousand seven hundred and eleven, hall be irnpprted or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, and Duties imposed upon or payable

for

457.

A.D. 1710. Anno nono anne Reginae. C 12,

for the same) the Sum of threepence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; the said Duty for and upon al] imported Plops to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers thereof before the landing of the same respectively; and for and upon all Hops growing or to grow in Great Britain, which at any Time or Times within or during the said Term of four Years shall be cured and made fit for Use - Sum of one Penny for every Pound Weight Avcrdu gritish Hops \ j. pois, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity; the said Duty for and upon the said Hops of the per Pound Growth of Great Britain, to be paid by the respective Owners or Possessors thereof, from time to time. Weight, within six Months after such Hops respectively shall be cured, and Dial] or ought to be put into Rags, as is herein after mentioned and required.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said imported Hops shall be Imported Hops landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the custom )andedr befo'e house, in the Port or Place where the same shall be imported, and before the said Duties by this A charged or chargeable thereupon, shall be duly paid, or without a Warrant for the landing or delivering Value, the same, first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the 1 Customs respectively, that all such imported Hops, of what Kind soever as shall be so landed and put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of the same, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, to wit; one Moiety of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, of file for the Hops so imported and forfeited, or the Value thereof, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in her ma jessy's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, by Action, Bill, Suit or Information, wherein no eftoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon imported Hops How these do by this act granted, during the Continuance thereof, shall be ascertained, Retired, raised, uplifted, e ties be levied, recovered, and answered, for the Uses and Purposes in this act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, vled*

Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the present Duties upon Hops imported, or any of them, are by any Law or Statute now in force to be ascertained, secured, raised, uplifted, levied, recovered, or answered, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

IV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties imposed by Hops imported to this A upon imported Hops, as shall arise in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, be under the ma shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in England for the of of time being; and such of the Duties imposed by this act upon imported Stops as shall arise in Scotland, Customs" 0 shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in Scotland for the Time being; and that the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being, shall, from time to time, pay or cause to be paid all the Moneys that they respectively shall receive of the said Duties for imported Hops (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes in this act expressed, and under the like Penalties,

Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as are to be inflicted by this act, for diverting or niifapplying any Moneys by this act appropriated or appointed for the Purposes herein after mentioned.

V. And for the better ascertaining, charging, collecting, levying, raising, uplifting, and securing the British Hops to several Rates and Duties by this act set and imposed upon all Sorts of Hops of the Growth of Great be under the Britain, which shall be cured, and which shall or ought to be bagged within or during the Term afore c°mml.onsrs said, according to the true Meaning of this act, and for preventing of Frauds concerning the same; Be Exc "e

it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the same Rates and Duties by this act granted, as are or shall be chargeable upon such Hops of the Growth of England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in England for the Time being; and such of the Duties as are imposed by this act on Hops of the Growth of Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of Excise in Scotland for the Time being; and that all the Moneys arising by the said Duties on Hops of the Growth of Great Britain (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) shall be paid into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinctly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes in this act expressed, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities as are to be inflicted by this act, for diverting or misapplying any the Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed, as is herein after mentioned.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons what Planters to give

soever, who, on or before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Notice to the and eleven, shall have any Hops planted or growing within or upon any Ground whatsoever in Great proper Officer by Britain, for Sale or not for Sale, shall, on or before the same first Day of Augijl one thousand seven

and eleven, give' or lend Notice' in Writing under his, her or their Hands, at the Office of grounds, C Excise next to the Place, or to the Officer for the said Duties of the districf, where such Hops are or '.

shall be planted or growing, of all the Hop Grounds then in his, her or their Possession, and of the Name or Names of the Parish, Township, or Place, Parishes, Townships, or Places, wherein the same do lie, and the Name or Names of the Owners, Tenants, or Occupiers thereof respectively; and that from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the Continuance of and afterwards the said Duties upon Hops, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall plant or cause to be yearly, planted, or shall have growing any Hops upon any Ground whatsoever in Great Britain, for Sale or not for Sale, shall yearly, on or before the first: Day of August in every Year, give or lend like Notice of all Vo a. IV N n n the

458 C 12.

Anno nono Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

n Forfeiture of 40 s. an Acre.

Notice to be given at the next Market Town, and Officer to enter

f 501,

Hops in six Weeks after gathering to be brought to such Oust, con Pain of 5 5. per Pound. Notice to be given of bagging of Hops, con Penalty of 501.

the Hop Grounds wherein any Hops shall be growing in every such Year and if any Person or Persons, who shall plant, or cause to be planted or grow, any Hops within or upon any Ground whatsoever in Great Britain, shall neglect to give or send such Notice in Writing, of his, her or their Hop Grounds as aforesaid, within such Time as is before mentioned, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; then and in every such Case, the Offender therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of forty Shillings, for every Acre, by Estimation, of such Ground, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

VII. Provided always, That the Person or Persons who are to give such Notice as aforesaid, shall not be obliged, for the doing thereof, to go or send farther than the next Market Town to the Place where the said Hops shall be planted or growing; and the Officer who shall receive the said Notice shall, within five Days after such Notice shall be given or sent to him, from time to time, enter the same in a Book to it in five Days, on be kept at the said next Office for that Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting, for every Neglect therein, the Penalty of 40s. gum Of forty Shillings to the Party whose Notice shall not be so entered.

ho°ufcu&c The

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, used without No at any Time or Times, from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eleven, tice, on Penalty during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Hops, make use of any Oust, store house, or other Place, or of any Kiln, for curing or keeping of Hops, chargeable with any the Duties aforesaid, unless Notice of such Oust, store house, Place, or Kiln, shall have been before given, or sent in Writing as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Offence.

IX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Hops as in any Year, during the Continuance of this Act, shall grow in Great Britain as aforesaid, shall by the respective Owners or Planters thereof, within six Weeks after the gathering or picking of the same, be brought to be cured and bagged at such Oufts, or other Places to be notified as aforesaid, and none other; upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound Weight of the said Hops, which shall not be so brought, cured and bagged, as aforesaid.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Planters or Owners of the said Hops to grow in Great Britain, or their Agents, before the bagging of the same, shall give or send Notice in Writing under his or their Hands to the next Office of Excise, or to the proper Officer for the said Duty, of the precise Day or Time on which he, she or they shall bag his, her or their Hops: Which Notice, as to fuel) Hops as shall be bagged within the first Week after the Planter or Owner first begins to bag his Hops, shall be given or left at least four and twenty Hours before every day's bagging of the same; and as to the Remainder of his Hops for that Year shall be given or left at least eight and forty Hours before every day's bagging of the said Remainder, to the End some one or more of her Majesty's sworn Officers of Excise may (without his or their own wilful Neglect or Default) be present at the Bagging, Weighing, and Marking of the same, as are herein after prescribed, under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of iifty Pounds for every Neglect or Default of any such Planter or Owner, in not giving or sending such Notice as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the proper Officer of Excise for the w am. distridi in which the said Hops shall grow, or some other sworn Officer of Excise, by Appointment of ma rkt'heweight the Commissioners of that Revenue, shall attend and be present at the Bagging of every Parcel of such on the Bag, and Hops as aforesaid, and at the Weighing of the same, and shall cause the true Weight of every Bag or

Pocket of the said Hops, great or small (such t..re of the Bag as is allowable by this Act only excepted) to be plainly and visibly marked in one or more Places upon every Bag of the said Hops; and shall then also cause an Entty of the said Weight (the Tare being abated) to be made in his Book, and shall thereof make Return or Report in Writin to the respective Commissioners of Excise, or such as they shall respectively appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded) of such Report in Writing under his Hand, with or for such Planter or Owner respectively; such Return or Report of the said Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon the said Planters or Owners respectively; if the said Officer or Officers shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of such Report in Writing, with or for such Planters or Owners respectively, at the Time of taking such Account (upon Demand as aforesaid) every such Officer for such Offence shall forfeit and pay the Sum of five Pounds to every such Planter or Owner respectively.

XII. Provided always, That every Officer, who shall be empowered to make such Charge as aforesaid, shall, in the first Place, be sworn to the due and faithful Execution of his Office; and the Oath in that Behalf shall and may be administered by all or any of the Commissioners of Excise, or by any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officer a Certificate thereof.

XIII. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That an Allowance after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum, shall be made upon the Weight of every Bag or Pocket of the Hops to be weighed as aforesaid, great or small, for the Tare of the same Bag; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons eflun six Month, whatsoever, who shall be the Planters or Owners of the said Hops, shall, within six Months after the

Time in which every Parcel of the said Hops shall or ought to be cured, bagged and weighed, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties of Hops of the Growth of Great Britain, that shall be due from him, her and them respectively; and that all and every such Planters and Owners, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose to her Majesty, for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty, whereof thepayment shall be so refused ornegledted, that is to say, two third Parts of the said double Duties to the Use of the Queen, and the other third Part to the Use of the Informer or Prosecutor.

Officer to attend the bagging and weighing, and

make Entry and Return accordingly.

A Copy of the Return to be left with the Planter.

Officer not leaving Return, forfeits 5l.

Officer to be sworn.

30l. percent, allowed for Tare of the Bag.

Planters to clear

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann Reginae. C 12. 459

XV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of the said Officer may en duty, shall at all Times, by Day or by Night, and (if in the Night) then in the Presence of a Conter any Oust, C liable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, be permitted, upon his or their Requell, to enter into the p°pe

Oust, store house, or other Place, made use of by any Person or Persons, within or during the said

Term, for the Growing, Curing or Keeping of Hops, whereof such Notice shall or ought to have been given as aforesaid, in order to his viewing the same, and discovering any Frauds in Relation to her Majesty's Duties thereupon; and if any Planter or Owner of Hops shall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this Act, for the ascertaining and securing the said Duties upon Hops, the Person or Persons offending therein, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Planter or Owner of Hops, after Hops not to be

the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the Continuance of the said removed before Duties upon Hops, shall (under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of fifty Pounds for every Offence) remove, 13 r'

carry or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried or sent away, from his, her or their Oust, Store paiitof 'ro". house, or other Place (whereof Notice shall or ought to be given as aforesaid) any Hops chargeable with the Duty by this Act imposed, until the same shall have been cured, bagged and weighed, and the Duties thereof shall be ascertained according to the true Meaning of this Act, unless in such Cases where the Officers of the said Duties (having due Notice first given or left as aforesaid) shall nevertheless neglect to attend the Bagging and Weighing of the same.

XVII. And be it further enacted, That if any Planters or Owners of Hops shall fraudulently hide or Fraudulently conceal, or cause or procure to be hid or concealed, any Hops chargeable by this Act to the Intent to concealing for deceive her Majesty of the just Duties by this Act granted; that then, and in every such Case, the Party ielts 2o1, C so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, and all the Hops so concealed and hid, to her Majesty's Use.

XVIII. And whereas great Numbers of poor and indigent Persons are commonly employed in the picker of Hops gathering and picking of Hops, who may clandestinely carry off, and convey such Hops from the carrying off any Places where they gather and pick the same, and thereby defraud her Majesty of the Duties hereby fu.cl1 hops for granted, without the Privity or Consent of the Proprietor of such Hops For Prevention whereof, be feitfs 5s' Pur1^' it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, i hat if any Picker or Gatherer of Hops, or any other labour for at Person or Persons, shall privately carry off, or convey any Hops from the Place of growing, or the Month.

Place where the same shall be put in Order to be cured, bagged, and weighed, with an Intent to defraud her Majesty of her said Duties, and the Owner of the said Hops; then, and in every such Case, the Person or Persons offending therein shall forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound of Hops so clandestinely carried off and conveyed; and in every such Case it shall and may be lawful for the Officers of the said Duties, not only to seize the Hops so clandestinely carried off and conveyed, but also to apprehend the said Offender or Offenders, and carry him or them before one of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Offence shall be committed; and in case the said Offence shall be proved before the said Justice of the Peace, and the Offender or Offenders shall not forthwith pay down the Penalties by this Act imposed on such Offender or Offenders, for the Offences so proved on him, her or them respectively as aforesaid, and no sufficient Distress can be found to levy the same, it shall and may be lawful for the said Justice of the Peace to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month; and if any Person or Persons shall obstruct or hinder any Officer or Officers for the said Persons obstrufi duties, in the Execution of his or their Offices, or the Powers given them by this Act, or shall beat or ing Officer for abuse the said Officers, or any of them, in the Execution of his or their Offices, such Person or Persons feits 51- or sent shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of five Pounds; and in Default of Distress, whereby to levy the same, it shall and may be lawful for any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, upon or a 1 on due Proof of such Offence, to commit such Offender or Offenders to the House of Correction, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding one Month.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted, That all the Hops in the Custody of any Planter or Owner of Hops, Hops chargeable or any other Person or Persons, to the Use of, or in Trust for such Planter or Owner, shall be liable and with all Duties subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Hops in arrear and owing in Arrear, C by such Flanter or Owner respectively, and to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Planter or

vwner, for any Offence against this Act; and that it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done by this Act, in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Hops, whether Foreign or of stock in Hand British Growth, which any Hop Merchant, or other Sellers and Dealers, Factors in Hops, or common on 1 iuney7ir. Brewers in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, or for his, her or Duties* the their Use, shall be possessed of, or interested in, upon the said first Day of June one thousand seven hun famehops after dred and eleven, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majesty the like respective Rates as are by this Act i June.

to be paid for the like Sorts of Hops imported or grown in Great Britain, after the said first Day of June, Owners to enter and that all and every the said Hop Merchants, Sellers and Dealers, Factors in Hops, common Brewers, the at the and all and every other Person or Persons, who in Trust for them or any of them, or for the Use of of to land

them or any of them, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in his, Forfeiture of the her or their Oust, store house, ware house, or other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said first Day Hops, cof June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, any Stock, Parcel or Quantity of Hops whatsoever, for Sale, shall on or before the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, make a true and particular Entry thereof at the Excite Office within the Limits of which they shall respectively inn

n n 2 habit.

460 C 12. Anno nono Ann, Reginae. A.D. 1, 710.

habit, upon Puin to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Paid Hops, for which no such Entry shall have been made; and within six Days after he, she or they shall have made or ought to have made such Entries as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties hereby payable for such Hops, or within six Days shall give Security to the proper Officers, for paying the lame Duties to her Majesty's Use within three Discount of 101 Months then next ensuing; and in case the said Duties for such Stock of Hops be paid down within the percent for said six Days, then there shall be allowed out of the same Duties for such prompt Payment an Allowance promptpayment. after Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Time of three Months; and that all and every such Hop Merchant, Sellers, and Dealers in Hops, Factors and Common' Brewers, who shall penaltyfornon refule or Neglect to make such Payment, or to give such Security for Payment of the said Duties for his, payment, &c. her or their said Stock of Hops, within the Time by this Act: limited for that Purpose, shall] forfeit double the Sum of the said Duty which should have been so paid or secured by him, her or them as aforesaid; permitting and that the proper Officers of the said Duties shall be permitted to take a true and particular Account acct t 'fkc °/"uch Stock or Quantity of Hops, as any such Hop Merchant, or other Sellers or Dealers in Hops, stock*, "forfeits factors, common Brewers, or any in Trust for them, sit all, on the said first Day of June one thousand 20l. and the seven hundred and eleven, have or be possessed of, by weighing the same on she said first Day of June Value. one thousand seven hundred and eleven, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty last mentioned shall be paid or secured; upon pain of forfeiting twenty Pounds, and the Value of the Hops whereof the Of clandestinely re ficers shall not be permitted to take an Account as aforesaid; if any Person or Persons, having on sorties 'o°pand^June n h' s 'ier or t^leir Custody and Possession, any Stock or Quantity of Hops,

Hops.'chargeable by this Act with the said Duty for Stock as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cattle or suffer to be removed or carried away, the same or any Part thereof, before her Majesty's Duties thereupon shall be paid or secured as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently conceal or Hide any Part of his, 'her or their said Stock of Hops; that then, and in every such Case, he, she or they so offending, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in all and every such Case and Cases, the Stock or Quantity of Hops, which shall! he so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and finail and may be seized by any of the Officers for Concealer forfeits the said Duties; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody such Stock of Hops shall be found, who 10 s. per lb. shall notj before the Discovefy thereof, give Notice at the next Office of Excise, of the Stock or Quantity of Hops foin his, her or their Custody, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Shillings for every Pound Weight.

erii '?ihops' j

XXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be theduttmay lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall have actually paid her Majesty's Duties, by this Act be export'd for payable for any Quantity of Hops, whatsoever of British Growth, and to and for any other Person or

Ireland, C Persons who shall] buy, or be lawfully intituled to any such Quantity of Hops of British Growth, from the said Person or Persons who actually paid her Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Hops, being of British Growth, Jot Ireland, byway of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the hipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantity of Hops, which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not be re landed or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain; which Security the cu ftomer or Collector of the respective Ports for such Exportation is hereby directed and authorised to take in her Majesty's Name, and to her Use: always, That if after the shipping of any such Hops, to be exported as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring such Security in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback herein after mentioned, the Hops so shipped to be exported, or any of them, shall he re landed in any Part of Great Britain, then, and in every such Case, over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which filial 1 be levied and recovered to her Majesty's Use, all the Hops which shall be so landed, or the Value thereof, filial] be forfeited.

Exporter to make

XXII. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall export any Hops of British Oath, C Growth to or for Ireland, filial] or may make Oath that he believes the same Hops are all of British Growth,

The Drawback without any Mixture of Foreign Plops, that the Duty of such Hops hath been paid or secured, according ed for Ireland to this (which Oath the Cnlleftor, who received the said Duty, is hereby required and empowered to taken eff by 6 administer) and thereupon the said Collector for the same Duties upon Plops shall give to such Person or Geo. i. C n. Persons gratis, a Certificate or Certificates, expressing the Kinds and Quantities of such Hops, and the §4°.. Duties paid, or secured to be paid for the same, pursuant to this Act; which Certificate being produced

Certificate" to tie Customer or Collector of the Port where the said Hops filial] be exported, and Oath being also thereof andcu ma<h by the Exporter before the said Customer or Collector of the Port (who is hereby also authorised (lomer.'&c. to and required to administer the same without Fee or Charge) that the Hops so exported are the same men tepay the Duties, tioned in the said Certificate, then the said Customer or Collector shall give to the Exporter a Debenture, expressing the true Quantity of the British Hops so exported; which Debenture being produced to the Collector appointed to receive the said Duty upon Plops in such County or Place where the said Hops did pay Duty, he shall forthwith repay the said Duty which he shall have received upon this Act to the Persons, or their Agents, so exporting the same; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay the same, then the said respective Commissioners of Excise are hereby required to pay the said Debenture out of the Duties upon Hops, arising by this Act; or if the Duty on such Hops so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the said Duties shall be discharged upon the Securities for the same; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

rebagging.so

XXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That no Person whatsoever shall, during the Continuance of this Act, take any Hops of Foreign Growth out of the Bags in which they are imported, and rebag the same ftits ioi C 'n British Bagging, in order to sell, dispose, or export the same as British Hops, under the Penalty often 10 ' pei Pounds for every hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity; and if any Persona.

D. 1710. Anno nono Ann Regina. C 12. 461

son or Persons shall endeavour to defraud her Majesty of her Duties hereby granted, by using twice, or oftener, the same Bag, with the Officers mark thereupon, such Person or Persons, for every fuuh Orfence, shall forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds.

XXIV. And in Regard it is found by Experience, That Hops used in the making of Malt drinks Erwrr, Ar. not are more wholesome for those that drink or consume the same, and of greater Advantage to the Drink to u, e '0, 'n'*

itself, than any other bitter Ingredient that can be tiled instead thereof, 'It is hereby further enacted by ^joi> 1, an the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of this act, no common Brewer, innkeeper, or Victualler, shall use any Broom, Wormwood, 'or any other bitter Ingredient (to serve instead of Hops) lit brewing or making any Beer or Ale to be brewed or made by him, her or them, for Sale in any Part of Great Britain, under the Penalty of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; the Exception, infusing of Broom or Wormwood into Beer or Ale, by the Retailer, after the same is brewed and tunned, to make the same Broom or Wormwood Ale, or Broom or Wormwood Beer, always excepted.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Autho Powers, C in

ritics. Directions, Rules, Method, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and ixcar. z. C 24-by an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for a

taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, ° force!'°*and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law in Force relating to her Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for ma naging, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than ill such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering and paying the said Duties upon Hops hereby granted, during the Continuance of this act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things were particularly repeated and again enacted in the Body of this present act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfei Fines, chow tures, in Relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed on Hops, except in such Cases where other Pro recoverable, visions are made by this act, shall and may be sued for, levied and recovered, or mitigated by such Ways,

Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, is or may be recovered or mitigated, by any Laws of Excise now in Force, and not by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in Scotland, and that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture (unless in Cases otherwise prescribed by this Act) shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVII. And in Regard the Growth of Hops, in several Parts of Great Britain, is very much inno Drawback on creased of late Years, 'It is hereby further provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none n ps

of the Duties by this or any former act granted upon any Hops whatsoever, (except Hops of British or jean Growth) shall be repaid or drawn back upon the Exportation thereof for Ireland, and that no Person or Hops imported Persons whatsoever shall import or cause to be imported into the said Kingdom of Ireland from Flanders from Kladers, or any other Parts whatsoever (other than from Great Britain) any Hops whatsoever, upon Pain of for c to Ireland, feiting all the Hops which shall be so imported into Ireland, contrary to the true Meaning of this act, or f°hr.telt^)ani! the the Value of the same, and also of the Ship or Vessel in which they shall be so imported, with hertackle, what is to be Apparel and Furniture, that is to say, two third Parts thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Pari ill in done before Hops Ireland, where such Hops shall be seized or discovered, and the other third Part thereof to the Use of such me landed in hc person or Persons as will seize, inform or sue for the same, or for the Value thereof, in any her Majesty's Courts of record at Dublin in the said Kingdom of Ireland. And it is hereby declared, That the jj'l' 'J'" Importation of any Foreign Hops into Ireland (other than from Great Britain) contrary to the Tenor and C ' true Meaning of this act, is and shall be adjudged a common Nuisance

XXVIII. And whereas Handing Contracts may have been made before the ninth Day of May one n Contrails be thousand seven hundred and eleven, by Planters, Hop merchants, Dry Salters, and other Dealers in pi7n?erma* dd Hops, for serving of Hops to certain Persons or Societies in Great Britain, to be delivered in Point of tlladuoac the 1 Time after the said first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven -, 'It is hereby enacted, That ptice. the Person serving such Hops, after the said sit ft Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, in Pursuance of such former Contracts, shall he allowed to; dd the Duties hereby charged upon such Hops to the Price thereof, and shall be intituled by virtue of this act to be paid for the same accordingly.

XXIX. And to the End all the Moneys arising by the Duties on Hops hereby granted (the necessary Commissioners, Charges of raising, paying, and accounting for the same, only excepted) may be duly and certainly raised oses, C b and brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer; It is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, 'ce of

That, from time to time, during the Continuance of this act, there shall be appointed such and so many CJ'y'4 Commissioners and Officers as shall be proper and necessary for the raising, paying and accounting for the said Duties; and that the same Officers respectively shall perform their, 'several Duties therein, as to them shall respectively appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the sail Moneys, as are prescribed and to be inflicted, by virtue of an act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the Latt Indies, for the like Offence or neglect relating to the Duties upon

Salt,

462 C I 2.

Anno nono anne Reginae.

A. d.1710.

180, 0001, may be borrowed on this al at 61, percent. tax free,

Lenders to have Tallies and Orders,

and paid in Course.

No undue Preference,

Salt, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Act last mentioned.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person and Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend to her Majesty, at the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, upon the Credit of the said several Rates, Duties and Sums of Money, by this Act granted, and to be raised in the several Parts of Great Britain as aforesaid, any Sums which shall not exceed in the whole the Sum of one hundred and eighty thousand Pounds, and to have and receive, for the Forbearance thereof, Interest: after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum; and moreover, that no Money to be lent upon the Security of this Act, shall be rated or assessed, by virtue of this Act, or any other Act of Parliament whatsoever.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person or Persons, who shall lend any Money upon the Credit of this Act, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer, shall immediately have a Talley of Loan struck for the same, and an Order for his, her or their Repayment, bearing the same Date with his, her or their Tallies; in or upon which Order shall be also contained a Warrant for Payment of Interest for the Forbearance thereof, at the Rate aforesaid, to be paid every three Months until Repayment of the Principal; and that all such Orders for Repayment of Money to be lent, shall be regiflred in Course, according to the Dates respectively, without other Preference of one before another; and that all and every Person and Persons shall be paid in Course, according as their Orders shall Hand regiflred in the said Register Books, so as the said Person, Native or Foreigner, his Executors, administrators or assigns, who shall have his Order or Orders first entered in the said respective Books of Register, shall be taken and accounted the first Person to be paid out of the Moneys to come in by Virtue of this Act; and he or they who shall have his or their Order or Orders next entered, shall be taken and accounted to be the second Person to be paid, and so successively and in Course; that the Moneys to come in by this Act, of or for the said several Rates, Duties and Sums of Money to be raised in Great Britain as aforesaid, shall be in the same Order, liable to the Satisfaction of the Moneys to be lent as aforesaid, to the respective Parties, their Executors, Administrators, successors or Assigns respectively, without undue Preference of one before another and not otherwise; and shall not be diverted or divertible to any other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; and that no Fee, Reward or Gratuity, directly or indirectly, be demanded or taken of any her Majesty's Subjects, for providing or making of any such Books or Registers, or any Entries, Views or Search, in or for Payment of Money lent, or the Interest thereof as aforesaid, by any of her Majesty's Officer or Officers, their Clerks or Deputies, on Pain of Payment of treble Damages to the Party aggrieved, by the Party offending, with treble Costs of Suit; or if the Officer himself take or demand any such Fee or Reward, then to lose his Place also; if any undue Preference of one before another shall be made, either in Point of Registry or Payment, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, by any such Officer or Officers, then the Party offending shall be liable by Action of Debt or on the Case, to pay the Value of the Debt, with Damages and Costs, to the Party grieved, and shall be forejudged of his Office or Place; and if such Preference be unduly made by any his Deputy or Clerk, without Directions or Privity of his Master, then such Deputy or Clerk only shall be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Coils, and shall for ever be incapable of his Place or Office; and in case the Auditor of the Receipt shall not direct the Order, or the Clerk of the Pells record, or the Teller make Payment according to each person's due Place or Order as before directed, then he or they shall be adjudged to forfeit, and the respective Deputies and Clerks herein offending, to be liable to such Action, Debt, Damages and Costs in such Manner as aforesaid; all which said Penalties, Forfeitures, Damages and Costs, to be incurred by any of the Officers of the Exchequer, or any other Deputies or Clerks, shall and may be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, Wager of Law, Injunction or Order of Restraint, shall be in any wise granted or allowed.

Tallies dated the

XXXII. Provided always, and be it hereby declared, That if it happen that several Tallies of Loan, or same Day, noun Orders for Repayment as aforesaid, bear Date, or be brought the same Day to the Auditor of the Receipt due ieieience. tq registre<j} then it shall be interpreted no undue Preference which of those be entered first, so as he enters them all the same Day.

XXXIII. Provided also, That it shall not be interpreted any due Preference to incur any Penalty in Foint of Payment, if the Auditor direct, and the Clerk of the Pells record, and the Tellers do pay subsequent Orders of Persons that come and demand their Moneys, and bring their Orders, before other Persons that did not come to take their Moneys, and bring their Orders in their Course, so as there be so much Money reserved as will satisfy precedent Orders; which shall not be otherwise disposed, but kept for them; Interest upon Loan being to cease from the Time the Money is so reserved and kept in Bank for them.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, to whom any Money shall be due for Loans, to be regiflred by virtue of this Act, after Order entered in the Book of Register as aforesaid, his Executors, Administrators or Assigns, by proper Words of Assignment, to be endorsed and written upon his Order, may assign or transfer his Right, Title, Interest and Benefit of such Order or any Pan thereof, to any other, which being notified in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt aforesaid, and an Entry or Memorial thereof also made in the Book of Registry aforesaid, for Orders which the Officers shall upon Request, without Fee or Charge accordingly make, shall entitle such Assignee, his Executors, Administrators and Assigns, to the Benefit thereof, and Payment thereon; and such Assignee may in like Manner assign again, and so toties quoties, and afterwards it shall not be in the Power of such Person or Persons who have or hath made any such Assignments, to make void, release and discharge the same, or any the Moneys thereby due or any Part thereof. [Connor

if subsequent Orders be paid before such as were not demanded in Course.

Orders assigna jbie.

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann Reginoe. C 13, 14. 463

[Continued by i Geo. t, flat, 2. cap. 2. till the first of August 1715* and made perpetual by i Geo. 1. flat. 2. Farther prarafi cap. 12. fe£f, 5.] "tis ctnueraw.g

He; r, 6 Cm. r.

C 11. f. 40. 6 Geo. t.c. 21. /. 2j. 6 G. 2, C 37, f. 6. (which is made perpetual by 31 Geo. X C 42 J 7 G. 2. ir. 19.

CAP. XIII.

An Act for the taking, examining and Rating the public Accounts of the Kingdom.

'IT7HERF.A S many Aids and Provisions have been raised and assigned for the necdtary Defence of your Majesty and these Kingdoms, in this great and important War, and for the Support of the Government; to the end therefore, that both your Majesty and this whole Kingdom may be satis fied, and truly informed that the same have been applied to the Uses and Purposes for which they were given and grantedmay it please your most Excellent Majesty, that it may be enacted, C

EXP.

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the better preventing of excessive and deceitful Gaming.

WJ WHEREAS the Laws now enforce for preventing the mischiefs which may happen by Gaming,

have not been found sufficient for that Purpose Therefore for the further preventing of all excessive and deceitful Gaming, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eleven, all Notes, Bills, Bonds, Judgments, Mortgages or other Securities or Conveyances whatsoever, given, granted, drawn or entered into, or executed by any Person or Persons whatsoever, where the whole or any Part of the Consideration of such Conveyances or Securities, shall be for any Money, or other valuable Thing whatsoever, won by gaming or playing at Cards, Dice, Tables, Tennis,

Bowls or other Game or Games whatsoever, or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do game at any of the Games aforesaid, or for the reimbursing or repaying any Money knowingly lent, or advanced for such gaming or betting as aforesaid, or lent or advanced at the Time and Place of such Play, to any Person or Persons so gaming or betting as aforesaid, or that shall, during such Play, so play or bet, shall be utterly void, frustrate, and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; any Statute, Law, or Usage to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; that where such Mortgages, Securities or other Conveyances, shall be of Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, or shall be such as encumber or affect the same, such Mortgages, Securities or other Conveyances, shall inure and be to and for the sole Use and Benefit of, and shall devolve upon such Person or Persons as should or might have, or be intituled to such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, in case the said Grantor or Grantors thereof, or the Person or Persons so incumbring the same, had been naturally dead, and as if such Mortgages, Securities or other Conveyances, had been made to such Person or Persons so to be intituled after the decease of the Person or Persons so incumbring the same; and that all Grants or Conveyances to be made for the preventing of such Lands, Tenements or Hereditaments, from coming to or devolving upon such Person or Persons hereby intended to enjoy the same as aforesaid, shall be deemed fraudulent and void, and of none Effect, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

ances to hinder such Lands from devolving,

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and elven, any Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall at any Time or Sitting, by playing at Cards, Dice, Tables or other Game or Games whatsoever, or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do play at any of the Games aforesaid, lose to any one or more Person or Persons so playing or betting in the whole, the Sum or Value of ten Pounds, and shall pay or deliver the same or any Part thereof, the Person or Persons, so losing and paying or delivering the same, shall be at Liberty within three Months then next, to sue for and recover the Money or Goods so loft, and paid or delivered or any Part thereof, from the respective Winner and Winners thereof, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt founded on this Act to be prosecuted in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, in which Actions or Suits no eftoin, Protection, Wager of Law, Privilege of Parliament, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; in which actions it shall be sufficient for the Plaintiff to allege, that the Defendant or Defendants are indebted to the Plaintiff, or received to the plaintiff's Use, the Moneys so lost and paid, or converted the Goods won of the Plaintiff to the defendant's Use, whereby the plaintiff's Action accrued to him, according to the Form of this Statute, without setting forth the Special Matter; and in case the Person or Persons who shall lose such Money or other Thing as aforesaid, shall not within the Time aforesaid, really and bona fide, and without Covin or Collusion, sue, and with Effect prosecute for the Money or other Thing, so by him or them lost, and paid or delivered as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, by any such Action or Suit as aforesaid, to sue for and recover the same, and treble the Value thereof, with Costs of Suit, against such Winner or Winners as aforesaid; one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Person or Persons that will sue for the same, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Poor of the Parish where the Offence shall be committed.

III. And for the better Discovery of the Moneys or other Thing so won, and to be sued for and recovered as aforesaid, i, t is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Person or Persons, who by Virtue of this present Act shall or may be liable to be sued for the same, shall be

t'obliged

s3 H. t. C 9. 26? 3 p.&rf. C 9.

r6 Car. 2. C 7. After 1 May 17 IX all Note?, C Mortgages, C

where the Confederation is for Money won by gaming, or for Repayment of Money lent at such gaming, &c. shall be void.

And where such Mortgages, C shall encumber any Lands, &cr they shall devolve to such Personas should have been intituled to them, in case such Grantor had been dead, C And all convey c. shall be voi<i.

The Loser ofiol at Cards, &c. .« may sue for the Money within three Months

And iftheloferj do not sue. See. any other Person may;

and recover with treble Value;. one Moiety to the Informer, the other to the Poor.

The Person sued shall answer upon Oath, to discover the Money won

464 C 14. Anno nono Ann Reginae. A.D. 1710.

obliged and compellable to answer upon Oath such Eill or Bills as shall be preferred against him or them, for discovering the Sum and Sums of Money, or other Thing so won at Play as aforesaid.

The Person who

IV. Provided always, and be it nevertheless enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon the disco shall fodiscover very and Repayment of the Money, or other Thing so to be discovered and repaid as aforesaid Person betn lernnified*1 01 per^"ons w^'° ff>ah discover and repay the same as aforesaid, shall be acquitted, indemnified and dif from funherpu charged from any further or other Punishment, Forfeiture or Pe alty, which he or they may have incur nishment. red by the playing for, or winning such Money or other Thing so discovered and repaid as aforesaid; former or other Statute, Law or ejfage, or anything in this present act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Any Person winy. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, at ning by Fraud, any Time or Times, after the said first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eleven, do or shall, C above iol. j, y ny Fraud or Shift, Coufenage, Circumvention, Deceit or unlawful Device or ill practice whatsoever, and°convictef' 'n p'ay*n2 at or with Cards, Dice or any the Games aforesaid, or in or by bearing.a Share or Part in the thereof on In Stakes, Wagers or Adventures, or in or by betting on the Sides or Hands of such as do or shall play as distmenc, C aforesaid, win, obtain or acquire to him or themselves, or to any other or others, any Sum or Sums of flull forfeit; Money or other valuable Thing or Things whatsoever, or shall at any one Time or Sitting, win of any lue^b deemed" one or more person or Persons whatsoever, above the Sum or Value of ten Pounds; that then every per infnmoustnd f°n or Persons so winning by such ill practice as aforesaid, or winning at any one Time or Sitting above suffer as in Cases the said Sum or Vaule of ten Pounds, and being convicted of any of the said Offences, upon an indict ofwilfulperjury. mentor Information to be exhibited against him or them for that Purpose, shall forfeit five Times the Value of the Sum or Sums of Money, or other 'Filing so won as aforesaid; in case of such ill Pradiice as aforesaid, shall be deemed infamous, and suffer such Corporal Punishment, as in Cases of wilful Perjury; and such Penalty to be recovered by such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same by such Action as aforesaid.

Two Justices '

VI. And whereas diverse lewd and dissolute Persons, live at great Expenses, having no "visible Estate, may cauk Per ' Profession or Calling to maintain themselves, but support those Expenses by Gaming only Be it there fons who have sole further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any two or more of avtoyevought ller majesty's Justices of the Peace, in any County, City or Liberty whatsoever, to cause to come or to before them, be brought before them, every such Person or Persons within their respective Limits, whom they shall aiij un]efs they have j uft Cause to suspect to have no visible Estate, Profession or Calling to maintain themselves by, but make it appear (j0 for the most part support themselves by Gaming; and if such Person or Persons shall not make it ap mainta hfthem' Pear to ^'uc'1 jpft'cc3r that le Principal Part of his of their Expenses is not maintained by Gaming, that feives by Ca' tiiea fufh J unices Hiall require of him or them sufficient Securities for his or their good Behaviour for the ming, shall find Space of twelve Months; and in Default of his or their finding such Securities, to commit hirn or them to stiteties for their the common Gaol, there to remain until he or they shall find such Securities as aforesaid.

good Behaviour

for 12 Months or be committed.

Persons so finding Sureties and playing for 20 s. during the Time, shall forfeit their Recognisance.

Afiaiilting, con Account of Money won at Play, to forfeit all his Goods, and be imprison edtwo Years.

This Act shall not extend to prevent Gaming in any of the queen's Palace during her residence there. See.

Farther proviji ons concerning Gaming, 2 Geo. 2. C z % fe&. 9. zo Gco % 2, a 19,

I t

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Person or Persons so finding Sureties as aforesaid', shall, during the Time for which he or they shall be so bound to the good Behaviour, at any one Time or Sitting, play or bet for any Sum or Sums of Money or other Thing, exceeding in the whole the Sum or Value of twenty Shillings, that then such Playing shall be deemed or taken to be a Breach of his or their Behaviour, and a Forfeiture of the Recognisance given for the same.

VIII. And for the preventing of such Quarrels as shall and may happen upon the Account of Gaming; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall assault and beat, or shall challenge or provoke to fight any other Person or Persons whatsoever, upon Account of any Money won by gaming, playing or betting at any of the Games aforesaid, such Person or Persons assaulting and beating, or challenging or provoking to fight such other Person or Persons upon the Account aforesaid, shall Being thereof convicted upon an Indictment or Information to be exhibited against him or them for that Purpose, forfeit to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, all his Goods, Chattels and Personal Estate whatsoever, and shall also suffer Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize, in the common Gaol of the County where such Conviction shall be had during the Term of two Years.

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this act contained shall extend to prevent or hinder any Person or Persons from gaming or playing at any of the Games aforesaid, within any of her Majesty's Palaces of 'St. James or Whitehall, during such Time as her Majesty, her Pleirs or Successors, shall be actually resident at either of the said two Palaces, or in any other Royal Palaces, where her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall be actually resident, during the Time of such actual Rtfidence, so as such Playing be not in any House, Lodging, or other Part of any of the said Palaces, the Freehold or Inheritance whereof is or shall be out of the Crown, or is or shall be in Lease to any Person or Persons, during such Time as such Freehold and Inheritance shall be out of the Crown, or such Lease shall continue, and so as such Playing be for ready Money only.

10 Geo. 2. c. 28. 12 Geo. 2. c. 28. xs Geo. 2. c. 34, 25 Geo. 2. c. 36. 30 Geo. 2. c. 24.

A.D. 1710. Anno none Ann, Reginae.

G. 15, 465

CAP. XV.

An Act for making more effectual an Act of the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act toncerning the Ajfifes of Fuel, so far as it relates to the Assise of Billet.

WHEREAS n Act made in the forty third Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act con 4.3 El z. C s.' ccrntng the Afftfes of Fuel, extends only to Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate: And whereas also there is no Forfeiture by the said Act, unless the Talewood, Billet, or Faggots therein mentioned were put to Sale, the Difficulty of knowing which is very great, (notwithstanding the said Commodities lie ex 1 posed in public Places where they are usually bought and sold) by Reason of the Unwillingness of Per ' ions to become Informers: And whereas also the Assise of Billet in the said Act is carried up no higher 34

than to two Cast, which is very far short of the Scantlings of Billet now in Use in many Parts of this 6 4 Realm For remedying the Defects in the said Act, and making it more effectual, be it enacted by the How Biile't ex Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tem posed to Sale In poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from any Pert, after and after the first Day of November in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, all ' 17, ° billet whatsoever, that is or shall! lie exposed on Wharves, 'Stathes, Kays, or other Places where Billet is marked usually put on board, landed, laden, unladen, or that shall be put to Sale, or that shall lie in any Hoy, °'" mar Barge, Keel, Lighter, or other Eoat or Vessel within the Port of London, or any other Port, shall be affifed, and cut or marked in Manner following, viz. all Billets, of what Scantling or Denomination soever, shall contain in Length three Foot and four Inches; every Billet named a Single, being round Bodied, shall single, contain in Compass seven Inches and a half; every Billet commonly called a Cast, shall be cut or marked Cast one, and being round, shall contain in Compass ten Inches and an Half, being half round shall contain in Compass twelve Inches and a Quarter, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass twelve Inches; every Billet commonly called a Trois, shall be cut or marked with three Notches in the Middle, and being Tro; s round, shall contain in Compass thirteen Inches, being half round shall contain in Compass fifteen Inches, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass fourteen Inches and three Quarters; every Billet commonly Two Caff, called two Call, shall be marked two, and being round, shall contain in Compass fifteen Inches, being half round, shall contain in Compass seventeen Inches and a Quarter, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass seventeen Inches; every Billet commonly called three Cast, shall be marked with a Notch at each Three Call', End, and another in the Middle, and being round, shall contain in Compass eighteen Inches and a Quarter, being half round, shall contain in Compass twenty-one Inches and a Quarter, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass twenty-one Inches; every Billet commonly called four Cast, shall be marked four, and Four Cad. being round shall contain in Compass twenty-one Inches and a Quarter, being half round, shall contain in compass twenty-four Inches and a Half, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass twenty-four Inches; every Billet commonly called five Cast, fiiah be marked five, and being round, shall contain in Compass Five Cast. twenty-three Inches and three Quarters being half round, shall contain in Compass twenty seven Inches and a Half, being Quarter cleft, shall Contain in Compass twenty seven Inches; every Billet commonly Six Can, called six Cast, shall be marked six, and being round, shall contain in Compass twenty six Indies, being has round, shall contain in Compass thirty Inches, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass twenty-nine Inches and a Half; every Billet commonly called seven Cast, shall be marked seven, and being round, Seven Cart; shall contain in Compass twenty-eight Inches, being half round, shall contain in Compass thirty-two Inches and a Half, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass thirty-two Inches; every Billet common Eight Cad, ly called eight Cast, shall be marked eight, and being round, shall contain in compass thirty Inches, being half round, shall contain in Compass thirty-four Inches and three Quarters, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass thirty-four Inches; every Billet commonly called nine Cast, shall be marked nine, and Nine Cast. being round, shall contain in Compass thirty-one Inches and three Quarters, being half round, shall contain in Compass thirty-six Inches and three Quarters, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass thirty-six Inches and a Quarter; every Billet commonly called ten Cast, shall be marked ten, and being round, Ten Cad. shall contain in Compass thirty-three Inches and a Half, being half round, shall contain in Compass thirty-eight Inches and three Quarters, being Quarter cleft, shall contain in Compass thirty-eight Inches; every Eleven Cast, Billet commonly called eleven Cast, shall be marked eleven, and being round, shall contain in Compass thirty-five Inches and a Quarter; every Billet commonly called twelve Cast, shall be marked twelve, and Twelve Cart, being round, shall contain in Compass thirty-six Inches and three Quarters; every Billet commonly called Thirteen C ft. thirteen Cast, shall be marked thirteen, and being round, shall contain in Compass thirty-eight Inches and a Quarter; every Billet commonly called fourteen Cast, shall be marked fourteen, and being round, shall Fourteen Cast. conrain in Compass thirty-nine Inches and three Quarters; evjry Billet commonly called fifteen Cast, shall Fifteen Cart, be marked fifteen, and being round shall contain in Compass forty-one Inches; every Billet commonly cal sixteen Cast. led sixteen Cast, shall be marked sixteen, and being round, shall contain in Compass forty-two inches and a Half; every Billet commonly called seventeen Cast, shall be marked seventeen, and being round, shall Seventeen Cast. contain in Compass forty-three Inches and three Quarters; every Billet commonly called eighteen Cast, Eighteen Cast. shall be marked eighteen, and being round, shall contain in Compass fortyfive Inches; every Billet com nineteen Cast. manly called nineteen Cast, shall be marked nineteen, and being round, shall contain in Compass fpvty six Inches and a Quarter; every Billet commonly called twenty Cast, shall be marked twenty, and being Twenty Cast. round, shall contain in Compass forty seven Inches and a Halt.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Billet that is, shall lie, or be exposed, Billet exposed to on Wharves, Stathes, Kays, or other Places where Billet is usually put on Board, landed, laden, unladen, saic> <wtafiifed, VOL. IV Ooo^a C at above

466 C i 6. Anno nono Ann Regime. A.D. 1710.

or that shall be put or exposed to Sale, or that shall be in any Hoy, Barge, Keel, Lighter, or other Boat or Veiled, within the Port olondon, or any other Port, and shall not be affifed and marked, or cut, as is in

dirc&rd. Altered and ex

this Act before directed. That then upon Information thereof given to any justice of Peace of the County,; to Becclnvood or to the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer of the City, Borough, or Town Corporate, where the said

Billet is, or shall lie or be exposed, or be put to Sale, or be in any Hoy, Barge, Keel, Lighter, or other Boat or veil'd, as aforesaid, such Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Head Officer, shall have

F.

iillut

Oaths, truly to inquire and present, whether all or any Part of the Paid Billet be of good and sufficient Assise, according to tyre Biredtion of this present Act; and if they shall present upon their Oaths, that any of the find Billets are not afiized and marked, or cut, as is before directed, That then the said Justice of Peace for the said County, or the said Mayor, Bailiff, or other Plead Officer of the said City, Borough, or Town Corporate, by Virtue of this Act, upon their Presentment, shall and may take such of the said lill io be forfeited, lets as shall not be marked or cut, or be false assized, as forfeited, and shall deliver the same to the Overseers and given to the of the Poor in the said Town, p.rish, City, Borough, or Town Corporate, to be by them given and i p001. stribuetd to the Poor there, according to their Discretions, from time to time, as often as such Offences shall be presented in Manner and Form, as aforesaid.

Any Person fned

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Suit or Action shall happen at any Time or Times hereafter to be brought, commenced, or prosecuted against any Person or Persons for or relating to any Matter or Thing which he or they shall happen to do in putting in Execution this present Act; it shall be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, against whom such Suit or Action shall happen to be brought, as aforesaid, to plead the general Blue, and to give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs in such Suitor Action shall become nonsuit, or suffer a Verdict to pass against him or them, or discontinue his, or their Suit or Action, or Judgement shall be given against him or them upon any Demurrer, the Defendant or Defendants in such Suit or Action shall have Judgement

for putting this akin Execution, may plead the General Issue, C

recover his or their treble Costs in such Suit or Action.

IV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Owner or Proprietor of

[Treble Costs.]

and shall have

Proprietors of

Trcesmaymark, Trees, may lop, cut, carry, mark, or omit to mark Billet of what Assize, Length or Bigness he pleases, C " mark such Billet being for the private Use of the said Owner and Proprietor only; anything in this Act contained they please for to; 'e contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

private Use. See farther 10 shun C 6, whuh provides that rfjfije cf Fuel shall not extend to Billets wade of Beech wood

CAP. XVI.

An Act to make an Attempt on the Life of a Privy Counsellor, in the Execution of his Office, to be Felony without Benefit of Clergy.

3 Hen. 7. C 14. ' WHEREAS Anthony de Guiscard, commonly called Marquis de Guiscard, a French Papist, residing vw in England under her Majesty's Protection, and subsisted by her Majesty's Bounty for some Years past, was charged with holding a traitorous Coi respondence with France, and being taken into Custody for such his Treason by Nathan tvilcocks, of the Parish of St. James Westminster in the County of Middle sex. Gentleman, one of her Majesty's Messengers in Ordinary, by virtue of a Warrant of the Right Honourable Flenry Saint John Esquire, one of her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, and on the eighth Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and ten, being under Exa mination before a Committee of her Majesty's most honourable Privy Council for the same, perceiving his said Treason to have been fully detailed, being conscious of his Guilt, and dreading the Pain and Infamy of his approaching Punishment, in Hopes of preventing the same, and in Revenge for the Dif covery of the said Offence, did, with a Penknife, in a barbarous and villainous Manner, slab the Right Honourable Robert Flarley Esquire, Chancellor of her Majesty's Exchequer, and one of her Majesty's 4 Privy Council, then present, and assisting in that Committee, and endeavoured to wound others of her Majesty's Privy Council there: And whereas in the preventing further Mischief from the Rage of the said Anthony de Guiscard, and in apprehending and securing him, he the said Anthony de Guiscard was necessarily and unavoidably bruised and wounded, and is since dead in the Prison of Newgate in the City of London

And whereas no sufficient Punishment is provided for assaulting or wounding a Privy Counsellor in the Execution of his Office, by any Law now in Being; 'to the end that all Persons may be deterred from Afier i May committing such Offences, and for preventing the like Mischiefs for the Time to come; Be it enacted by qiieell's m°ft Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and tem j 'jj try poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That if any Councillor in Person or Persons, from and after the first Day of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun ihe Execution of dred and eleven, shall unlawfully attempt to kill, or shall unlawfully assault and strike or wound any Person, ini Office, do ke; ng one of the moult honourable Privy Council of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, when in the exe fntihnlfiwe'r cut'°n of his Office of a Privy Counsellor in Council, or in any Committee of Council, that then the deathsf.ich person or Persons so offending, being thereof convinced in due Form of Law, shall be and are hereby de without Clergy, clared to be Felons, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without the Benefit of Clergy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Nathan ivilcocks (who by an In

coeks^&c Vavcd Puiiition taken the seventeenth Day of the said Month of March, before George Rivers Esquire, Coroner of burmless.'the said City of London, 'on View of the Body of the said Anthony de Guiscard, then and there lying dead) is found to have given him the Tafd Anthony de Guiscard several mortal Bruises of which he died, and all and

every

AB. 1710. Anno nono anne Reginae. C 17, 18. 467

every other Person and Persons, who were a IT: firing in tile Defence of the said Robert Harley, and in the ap, and securfiig the said Anthony de guij card, and did, in so doing, assault, bruise, or wpund the? laid Anthony de Guiscard, shall be, and are hereby indemnified and saved harmless therefore; and such the if Actings and Doings are hereby declared to have been necessary and lawful.

CAP. XVII.

An Act for the Preservation of White and other Pine Trees growing in her Majesty's Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main, Rhode island, Providence Plantation, the Narrogarfet Country, or Kings Province, and Connecticut, in New England, and New York, and New Jersey, in America, for the Mailing her Majesty's Navy.

WHEREAS there are great Numbers of White or other Sort of Pine Trees, fit for Mails, grow -- " <tjr i. ing in her Majesty's Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, and Province of Main, S 2a' j 4 Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfct Country, or Kings Province, and Connecticut, in 23 ar'z' 4 Nezu England, and New York, and New Jersey, fit for the Mailing her Majesty's Royal Navy: And fear. t. c. j.

whereas the same growing near the Sea, and on navigable Rivers, may cotnmodiocfly be brought into this After 24 Sept.

Kingdom for the Service aforesaidwherefore, for the better Preservation thereof, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Tern jp1* "all" poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Hampshire tec'!' and after the twenty-fourth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven ji, ail cut, C'and eleven, no Person or Persons within the said Colonies of New Hampshire, the Massachusets Bay, any Pine Tree and Province of Main, Rhode island, and Providence Plantation, the Narraganfct Country, or Kings Pro ft n, r Mads, vince, Connecticut in New England, and Nczv York and New Jersey, or any of them, do or shall presume to ^'^he'ctueerr cu', fcil, or destroy any White or other Sort of Pine Tree fit for Marts, not being the Property of any n Forfeiture of private Person, such Tree being of the Growth of twenty-four Inches Diameter and upwards at twelve joci. One Inches from the Earth, without her Majesty's Licence for so doing hrft had and obtained; on the Penalty Moiety to the or Forfeiture of one hundred Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, on Proof thereof to be made by one Queen), he or more credible Witnesses on Oath before one of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace there, within or nearest to such Place where such Offence shall be committed; one Moiety of such Penalty or Forfeiture to Warrant be to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, the other Moiety to the Informer who shall sue for the ofajufike. same within six Months, to be levied by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of such Justice of the Peace. Repealed as to '

II. And whereas the Surveyor General of her Majesty's Woods in those Parts is, by himself or his sufficient Deputy or Deputies, by her Majesty's Commission, authorised and directed to mark with the s Geo 12 4 broad Arrow all such Trees as now are, or hereafter shall be fit and proper to be taken for the Use of her 6. '

majesty's Royal Navy, and to keep a Register for the same, thereby to prevent the Destruction of such Trees: And whereas several Persons, not lawfully thereto authorised, as aforesaid, have presumed to mark such Trees with the broad Arrow, thereby to deter others her Majesty's good Subjects from getting Logs

for Lumber and other Uses, and to make to themselves a Property in such Trees, though growing on, r.,

common Lands; 'Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said in thefah coio twenty fourth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, no Person or Persons within the nles/ml mark Hid Colonies of Neva Hampfoire, the jiaajjachufets Bay, and Province of Alain, Rhode island, and Providence any pine tree Plantation, the Narragarfet Country, or Kings Province, Connecticut in New England, and New York, and with l>ro "1 New Jersey, or any of them, other than the said Surveyor General for the time Ming, his, Deputy or De jt^o^een^ii'r pu ties, or such Personas shall be authorised thereto by Warrant under the said Surveyor general's Hand, vpycrt&c." l'r" doer shall presume to mark any such White or other Sort of Pine Trees, with the broad Arrow, on the On Penalty of Penalty or Forfeiture of five Pounds Sterling for every such Offence, to be recovered and levied in such 5l. to be le manner, and on such Proof, and to be distributed, as aforesaid; anything herein before, or in any for VI antl dl' mer Act, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. flnbnted ?.s

1 J => above.

Concerning Phr, tat\jmy fa farther t. Zj. and lo sdnn. C 22 &" 26. 4 Geo. 1. C II 3 Geo. I. C is £? j j. 13 Geo. 1. C %, 3 Geo. 2. C is s3. 4 6v0.

f. 1$. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & 6 Geo. 2r. C 13. 8 Cm. 2, f. 19. 12, Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 (7m. 2, f. 3 3 G? 33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 53 ^53. 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 & 35*

30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. XVIII.

I An Act to render more effectual an Act made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the /eventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, for amending Highways, which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with a Pole between the wheel horses, or with double Shafts, eir.d to oblige them to draw only with sin fhrjcs, or other Beifts, ey.cepl up Hills.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of the Reign of her present Ma 6 Atm, C§.

4 y y jesty, intituled, An Act to repeal a Clause in an Act of the seventh Year of the Reign of his late iac. 3 es. t. Ay.

jedy (for amending and repairing Highways) which enjoins Waggoners and others to draw with' a Pole between f c'ffr V g i, the Wheel lierfes, or with double Shafts, and to oblige thhn to draw ordv with six Horfss, or aether Beasts, exacter 14 June"

cept up Hills, it is enabled, That from and after the twenty foutth Day of June one thousand seven hun 17, 11. any Per.

dred and eight, no travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, wherein any Burdens, Goods, or tonne may seize Wares shall be carried or drawn, other than such Carts and Carriages as in the said Act are excepted, shall t!le co,

0 1, 1 0) any wib_on,

Coos at "

468 C 19'. Anno nono An nm Regina. A.D. 1710.

C drawn with at any one Time travel, be drawn, or go in any common or public Highway or Road with above six more than 6 ' Horses, Oxen, or Beasts, except up Hills, upon Pain that every Owner of such Wagon, Wain, Cart,

deliver theinto or Carriage, shall forfeit for every such Offence the Sum of five rounds; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Surveyor, ' the Surveyors of the Highways of the Town, Village, Hamlet, or Place, where any of the said Offences and if the shall be committed, to be employed in the Repairs of the said Highways, and the other Moiety thereof Penalty be not to him that shall discover and prosecute for any of the said Offences, (provided such Discoverer or profecu th/wstress to for an habitant of such Town, Village, or Place) the said Penalty to be levied by Distress of all behold C ' or any t^le ^aic* Horses, Oxen, or Beaffs, by Warrant under the bland and Seal of one Justice of the

See 1 Geo. 1. e Peace: And whereas the reffraining the Discovery and Prosecution of the said Offence, to an Inhabitant of Stat, a. C 11. ' the Town or Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the said Penalties being appointed to be

and 5 Geo. i.«levied by Distress of the said Plorfes, Oxen, or Beasts only, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one of "which Act 4 Justice P eace, do render the said Act in a great Measure ineffectual; 'For Remedy whereof, be it

no Cart is to be enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords spiri drawnwithmore tual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the than 3 Horses. same. That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, it And lee 6 Geo. shall and may be lawful for any Person or Persons whatsoever, to seize or distrain any or all of the Horses, Ascertainment Oxen, or Beasts of any Person or Persons offending against the said Act, by drawing with more than six of the Quantities Horses, Oxen, or Beasts, and forthwith to deliver the said Horses, Oxen, or Beasts so seized and distrained of Meal, C to to the Surveyor of the Highways, or other Parifit Officer of the Town, Village, Hamlet, or Place where be carried in the Offence shall be committed; and in case the said Penalty be not paid within three Drys, it shall and may London. be lawful to and for the said Surveyor of the Highways, or other Parish Officer, by Warrant under Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace, to sell the said Distress, and deliver the Money raised thereby to the said Justice, who is hereby authorised and required to distribute the Penalties as by the said Act is directed, If the Offender rendering the Overplus, if any he, to the Owner, the Charges being first deducted; or if the Offender or H laiiebe1deli y' Offenders shall immediately pay the said Penalty to the Person or Persons so seizing or distraining, or to the ver'd to the next Surveyor or other Parish office where the Offence shall be committed, then the Person so receiving the Justice, C same shall deliver it to the next Justice of the Peace, to be by him distributed, as aforesaid.

If the Pe r IR Provided always, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time refuse or neglect to carry any of

seizin the Cat tie Horses, Oxen, or Beasts, by him so seized or distrained, to the Surveyor, or other Parish Officer,

hail neglect to as aforesaid, he shall forfeit for such Refusal or Neglect, the Sum of twenty Pounds, to be levied upon his deliver them to Goods and Chattels, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of one Justice of the Peace; and for want of the Surveyor, sufficient Distress, the Person or Persons so offending shall he sent to the Common Gaol of the County,* City, Town Corporate, or Liberty where such Offence shall be committed, there to remain till the said vied by°ft)istress Sum twenty Pounds, by him so forfeited, shall be fully paid; one Moiety of which said Sum shall, by and for want of Order of the said Justice of the Peace, be paid to the Informer, and the' other Moiety be laid out in repair distresstobe ing the Highways of the Parish, Town, or Hamlet where the Seizure was made; and if any Surveyor of

sent to the Com the Highways, or other Parish Officer, shall refuse or neglect to deliver any Sum of Money or Penalty by

swve^or cm received to the said Justice, he or they, for such Refusal or Neglect, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty

negufwng to' Pounds, to be levied and disposed of, as aforesaid.

deliver the Penalty to the Justice, to forfeit 20 L

Persons assisting.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person employed by any Carrier to forfeit 5]. or 0t ]ler Person subject to the Penalties mentioned in the said Act, shall drive, or assist in the Driving of any Travelling Wagon, Wain, Cart, or Carriage, with more than six Horses, Oxen, or Beasts, the Person so offending shall forfeit the Sum of five Pounds, to be levied and disposed of in like Manner as the Forfeitures before mentioned are directed and appointed. said act of 6*W. And whereas the Allowing of drawing up any Hills by the said Act with more than six Horses,

Anna: as relates or Beasts, has been found very prejudicial to the Highways, by giving Opportunity of drawing in other to drawing up Places with more than six Horses, or Beasts Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That so Hill, repealed, much of the said recited Act as relates to the Drawing up Hills with more than six Horses, or Beasts, from the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall Hand absolutely repealed, and is hereby repealed. arenotffifficlent8 ^' prov'^ec^ always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That where the Horses allowed to draw any any person may Cart or Wagon, shall not be sufficient to draw the same up any steep Hill, or out of any foul Place, it add more Beasts shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons to take, add, and join any Horse or Horses, from from another another Cart or Wagon then travelling that Road, by and with the Consent of the Owner or Driver of Carr, &c. _ such Cart or Wagon, to help such insufficient Horses up such steep Hill, or out of such foul Place; any Farther Preys jner herein, or in any other Act, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

Jions concerning 07 J J b

Highways, 1 Geo. 1. c. 11 & 52. 5 Geo. 1. c. 12. 6 Geo. 1. c. 6. 5 Geo. 2. c. 33. which is made perpetual by 27 Geo. 2. c. 16. 7 Geo. 2. c. 9. S Geo. 2. c. 20, 9g10. t C 18. 14 Geo. 2. c. 42. i$Geo. 2. C 2. 16 Geo. 2. c. 29. 21 Geo. 2. c. 28. 24 Geo. 2. c. 43. 26 Geo. 2. c. 28 30. 28 Geo. 2. C ij. 30 Geo. X C 28. and 31 Geo. 2. c. 34.

CAP. XIX.

V R, An Act to enable her Majesty to grant the Site of the Castle of Exon (Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall

for ninety-nine Years, for the Use and Benefit of the County of Devon. The Queen, C may by Letters Patent grant the Site of the Castle of Exon, for the Term of ninety-nine Years, to some Person appointed by the Quarter sessions of the County of Devon, for the Use of the said County, C The interest of the Justices to the Herbage, (sfc. shall cease on the making such Grant; and the ancient yearly Rent of 10l. shall be reserved in the said Grant payable to the Crown. Saving to all Persons, other than the Crown and Dukes of Cornwall, all Rights, V

A.D. 1710.

20,

469

Anno nono Ahnje Regina

CAP. XX.

An act for rendering the Proceedings upon Writs of Mandamusy and Informations in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, more speedy and effectual, and for the more easy Trying and Determining, the Rights of Offices and Franchises in Corporations and Boroughs.

WHEREAS diverse Persons have of late illegally intruded themselves into, and have taken upon themselves to execute the Offices of Mayors, Bailiffs, Portreeves and other Offices, within Cities, Towns Corporate, Boroughs and Places, within that Part of Great Britain called England and Wales;

and where such Offices were annual Offices, it hath been found very difficult, if not impracticable, by the Laws now in Being, to bring to a Trial and Determination the Right of such Persons to the said Offices within the Compass of the Year and where such offices were not annual Offices, it hath been found difficult to try and determine the Right of such Persons to such Offices, before they have done

diverse Acts in their said Offices, prejudicial to the Peace, Order and good Government within such Cities,

Towns Corporate, Boroughs and Places, wherein they have respectively acted: whereas diverse

Persons, who hade Right to such Offices, or to be Burgesses or Freemen of such Cities, Towns Corpo rate. Boroughs or Places, have either been illegally turned out of the same, or have been refused to be admitted thereto, having in many of the said Cases no other Remedy to procure themselves to be respectively admitted or restored.to their said Offices or franchises of being Burgesses or Freemen, than by Writs of Mandamus, the Proceedings on which are very dilatory and expensive, whereby great Mischiefs

'have already ensued, and more are likely to ensue, if not timely prevented: 'For Remedy whereof, Be After the first it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spi Day of Trinity; ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Tern', 7": Re" same, That from and after the first Day of Trinity Term in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hun mandamus out dred and eleven, where any Writ of Mandamus ball issue out of the Court of queen's Bench, the Courts of of the queen's' Sessions of Counties Palatine, or out of any the Courts of Grand Sessions mlfales, in any of the Cases Bench, &c..hall aforesaid, such Person or Persons, who by the Laws of this Realm are required to make a Return to such be macie, to d*' Writ of Mandamus, shall make his or their Return to the first Writ of Mandamus. Wllt'

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Trinity As fcon as the Term, as often as in any of the Cases aforesaid, any Writ of Mandamus shall issue out of any of the said Return is made courts, and a Return shall be made thereunto, it shall and maybe lawful to and for the Person or Persons

filing or prosecuting such Writ of Mandamus, to plead to, or traverse all or any the material Facts cor. ^av plead

within the said Return; to which the Person or Persons making such Return shall reply, take Issue, to which the

or demur; and such further Proceedings, and in such Manner shall be had therein, for the Determination Person rcturnint;

thereof, as might have been had if the Person or Persons suing such Writ had brought his or their Action may reply, te.

on the Case for a faife f.eturn; and if any Issue shall be joined on such Proceedings, the Person or Persons How the Pro -

such Writ shall and may try the same in such Place as an Issue joined in such Action on the Case ceedingsihafibsi -

should or might have been tried; and in case a Verdict shall be found for the Person or Persons suing such

Writ, or Judgement given for him or them upon a Demurrer, or by Nil dicit, or for want of a Replication ->

or other Pleading, he or they shall recover his or their Damages and Costs in such Manner as he or they

might have done in such Action on the Case as aforesaid; Costs and Damages to be levied by Capias

ad Satisfaciendum, Fieri Facias, or Elegit, and a peremptory Writ of Mandamus shall be wanted without

Delay, for him or them for whom Judgement shall be given, as might have been, if such Return had been

adjudged insufficient; and in case Judgement shall be given for the Person or Persons making such Return to

such Writ, he or they shall recover his or their Costs of Suit, to be levied in Manner aforesaid.

III. Provided always, That if any Damages shall be recovered by virtue of this Act'against any fijeh Persons again'

or Persons making such Return to such Writ, as aforesaid, he or they shall not be liable to be sued whom Damages in any other Action or Suit, for the making such Return; any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary thereof^Habku) in any wise notwithstanding _ in other

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of Actions. Trinity Term, in case any Person or Persons shall usurp, intrude into, or unlawfully hold and execute any How inforir.a t of the said Offices or Franchises, it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officer in each of the tions in the ha said respective Courts, with the Leave of the said Courts respectively, to exhibit one or more Information tore of Quo War — — Informations in the Nature of a fhw Warranto, at the Relation of any Person or Persons desiring to sue jyhretteainst* or prosecute the same, and who shall be mentioned in such Information or Informations to be the Relator asint"rud6, or Relators against such Person or Persons, so usurping, intruding into, or unlawfully.holding and exe ftc. into Of'any of the said Offices or Franchises, and to proceed, therein in such Manner as is usual in Cases of frees, C in the Nature of a Shto Warranto; and if it shall appear to the said respective Courts, that the several Rights of diverse Persons to the said Offices or Franchises may properly, be determined on one Information, it shall and may be lawful for tile said respective Courts to give Leave to exhibit one such In against several Persons, in order to try their respective Rights to such Offices or Franchises, and such Person or Persons, against whom such Information or Informations in the Nature of a if 10 Warranto shall be sued or prosecuted, shall appear and plead as of the same Term or Sessions in which the said Information or Informations shall be filed, unless the Court where such Information shall be filed, shall give further Time to such Person or Persons, against whom such Information shall be exhibited, to plead; ant: such Person or Persons, who shall sue or prosecute such Information or Informations in the ?': ev.

Shw Warranto, shall proceed thereupon with the most convenient Speed that may be; any i r.vv or Usage to the contrary thereof in anywise notwithstanding.

Anno nono Anni Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

Judgement of O' ster shall be fciven against Persons found guilty of such U furpation, C

and the Relator shall: eco ver cors

If Judgement be given for the Defendant, he fliull have Cells said.

V. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said feld: Day of Trinity Term, in case any Person or Persons, against whom any Information or Informations in the Nature of Warranto shall in any of the said Cases be exhibited in any of the ("aid Courts, shall be found

or adjudged Guilty of an Usurpation, or Intrusion into, or unlawfully holding and executing any of the said Offices, or Franchises, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts respectively, as well to give Judgement of Oufier against such Person or Persons, of and from any of the said Offices or Franchises, as to fine such Person or Persons respectively, for his or their usurping, intruding into, or unlawfully holding and executing any of the said Offices or Franchises; also it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts respectively, to give Judgement, That the Relator or Relators, in such Information named, shall recover his or their Cods of such Profeculion; and if Judgement shall be given for the Defendant or Defendants in such Information, he or they, for whom i'uch Judgement shall be given, shall recover his or theft Cods therein expended against such Relator or p*elators; such Cods to be levied in Manner aforer

gainst the Relator,

VI. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Courts respectively, to allow to such Person Or Persons respectively, to whom any Writ

lie Court may of Mandamus shall be directed, or against whom any Information in the Nature of a Quo Warranto, in cnt tirne°to reany f t*le Cases aforesaid, diall be sued or prosecuted, or to the Person or Persons who shall sue or prose tum a Manda cute the same, such convenient Time respectively, to make a Return, plead, reply, rejoin, or demur, as to lout, plead, re the said Courts respectively diall seem jall and reasonable; anything herein contained to the contrary pij, Sic. thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the said fird Day o{trinity Term, an Act made in the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Amendment of the Lavt, and the better Advancement of Jtmice, and all the Statutes of Jeofayles, shall be extended to all Writs of Mandamus, and Informations in Nature of a fhio Warranto, and Proceedings thereon, for any the Matters in this Act mentioned.

The anike, C 16. and all the Statutes of jeo fayles, hall be extended to Writs of Mandamus, C

32 H.

18 El. C 14. 27 El. C 5, 21 Ja. i. C 13. 16 & 17 Car 2. C 28.

No annual returning Officer hall he re elect ed; and such annual Officer obstructing the t.le&ion of his Successor, to fori e it X C o 1«

One Moiety to

CVIII. And whereas in diverse Counties, Boroughs, Towns Corporate, and Cinque ports, where the Mayor, Bailiff, or other Officer or Officers, to whom it belongs to preside at the Election, and make Return of any Member to serve in Parliament, ought to be annually elected, the same Person hath been re elected into such Office for several Years successively, which hath been found inconvenient; ' Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, i hat no Person or Persons, who hath been or shall be in such annual Office for one whole Year, shall he capable to be chosen into the same Office for the Year immediately ensuing; where any such annual Officer or Officers is or are to continue for a Year and until some other Person or Persons shall be chosen and sworn into such Office, if any such Officer or Officers shall voluntarily and unlawfully obstruct and prevent the choosing another Person or Persons to succeed into such Office at the Time appointed for making another Choice, shall forfeit one hundred Pounds for every such Offence, to be recovered with Coffs of Suit, by such Personas will sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record before mentioned, byaction of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or wager of Law shall be allowed, nor any more than one Imparlance;. one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that

cthcrvothe pa will sue for the same, fecutor. See farther L Ge:. 1. flat. 2. C 13. feci. 12, 13.

CAP. XXI.

An Act for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying the public Debts; and for erecting a Corporation, to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for the Encouragement of the riflierv; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spaing and to repeal the Acts for regiflring Seamen.

7 Geo. 1. c. 9.

f. 3.

«3'5'9!-5s,

5 d. Navy Debt. C C

1543141. is, ' S d. q. Orde nance. e

4.24731 1. 5'. i 4d q. Trauf pent.

1 018s36l. 17s.

9 d. q. Army Debentures, C 120251. is. C Coal Duty.

8w.3. C 3. 4

1 A flat. 2. C 4*

Ti O8T gracious Sovereign! Majesty for carrying on the

; Whereas notwithstanding the many and great Supplies granted to V he present War, the following Debts and Deficiencies are computet]

millions

remain ilill' due and unprovided for, (that is to say) the Sum of five millions one thousand five hundred thirty-nine Pounds five Shillings and five Pence, for the Debt of Your

Your d to

hundred and thirty ffy's

Navy, and for Services performed by the Navy on Account of Land Forces, to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, '(e.xdufive of the Debt for the Register of Seamen) and the Sum of one hundred fifty-four thousand three hundred twenty-four Pounds fifteen Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, for the Debt of Your majesty's Office of Ordnance, to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the Sum of four hundred twenty-four thousand seven hundred ninety one Pounds five Shillings and fourpence Farthing, for Transport Service, to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten; and the Sum of one irrl lion and eighteen thousand six hundred fifty six Pounds seventeen Shillings and nine Pence Farthing, for the Principal and Interest Money, due to the nine and twenttettilday of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, on Army and Transport Debentures, made out for the Service of the Iaff War; and th e Sum of twelve thousand twenty-five Pounds and one Shilling for the Principal Money and Interest, 'to the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, of deficient Tallies and Orders for Money lent on an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third (of gloiious Memory) and another Act made in the first Year of your majesty's P, eign, for laying Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cynders; and the Sum of three hundred seventy eight thousand

eight

A.D. 1720. Anno nono anne Reg in eg. C 21

eight hundred fifty nine Pounds five Shillings and eight Pence Farthing, computed for Debts incurred between the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and ten, and the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ten, in the several Offices of the Navy, Vic ' i tailing, and Transport, and for Interest on the said Army and Transport Debentures in that Time; and the Sum of nine thousand three hundred seventy and five Pounds, to futility the Money due upon Account of Subsidies to the Elector of Hanover and Duke of Zell, pursuant to a Treaty, bearing Date the Fourteenth Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety and fix: Ail which several Sums fq computed to be due and owing, as aforesaid, do amount in the whole to the Sum of seven millions one hundred twenty eight thousand five hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings and eleven Pence, and the Interest of such Part of the said several Debts as do carry Interest from the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and ten, to the fire and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, are computed to amount to the Sum of eighty five thousand Pounds; which being added to the said Sum of seven millions one hundred twenty-eight thousand five hundred seventy one Pounds, ten Shillings and eleven Pence, makes the Total of the said Debts amount to the Sum of seven millions two hundred and thirteen thousand five hundred and seventy one Pounds ten Shillings and eleven Pence:

And whereas there has been lent and advanced into the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer, pursuant to an Act made in the said eighth Year of your majesty's Reign (among other Things) for continuing several Impositions, additional Impositions and Duties upon Goods imported, to raiie Money by way of Loan, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, the Sum of one million two hundred ninety six thousand five hundred fifty-two Sounds nine Shillings and eleven Pence three Far things: And whereas the Funds by the said last mentioned Act settled for Payment of the Interest of the said Money lent, in Pursuance of the said Act, do not yet take place, so that no Interest hath yet been paid upon or for the said Money lent or advanced in pursuance of the said Add, and the Interest due upon the said Money on the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, is com puted to amount to the Sum of seventy four thousand eight hundred seventy five pounds nineteen Shillings and one Penny Farthing; and the said Principal and Interest Money, solent and due on the said last mentioned at, do amount together, by Computation, to the Sum of one million three hundred seventy one thousand four hundred twenty-eight Pounds nine Shillings and one Penny; which being added to the abovementioned Sum of seven millions two hundred and thirteen thousand five hundred seventy one Pounds ten Shillings and elevenpence, above computed to be the total Amount of the before mentioned Debts and Deficiencies, will make the said Debts and Deficiencies, and the Principal and Interest Money, to the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, due upon the said at of the eighth Year of your majesty's Reign, amount together in the whole to the Sum of eight millions five hundred eighty-five thousand Pounds; the Interest of which said Sum of eight millions five hundred eighty-five thousand Pounds, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, to the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, be 1 ing computed at the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, doth amount unto the Sum of three hundred eighty six thousand three hundred and twenty-five Pounds; which being added to the said Sum of eight millions five hundred eighty-five thousand Pounds, makes the Sum Total of the said Debts, ' Sums of Money and Interest, to the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, amount to the Sutn of eight millions nine hundred seventy one thousand three hundred twenty-five Pounds: And whereas great Part of the Tallies and Orders truck, made, and signed for the said Money, lent in pursuance of the said Act made in the said eighth Year of your majesty's Reign, are in the Hands of the respective Treasurers or Paymasters of your majesty's Navy, and Land Forces, and of your majesty's Ordnance, and Transport Service, or other public Offices, and cannot be disposed of without great Loss and discour.t, and to the Damage of tile public Credit; and other Part of the Tal lies and Orders, truck, made out, and signed for other Part of the said Moneys lent or advanced in pursuance of the said last mentioned at, are or may be in the Hands of such Person or Persons as may be better pleased with the perpetual Interest, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, redeema hie by Parliament, and the Privilege of Trade, and other Privileges and Advantages by this Act granted: 'Now we your majesty's most dutiful and faithful Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being duly affected with the deepest Sense of the Happiness we enjoy under your majesty's most gracious and wise Administration, and being truly denrous; to do all that becomes dutiful and faithful Subjects, to render happy and glorious the Reign of the hest of Sovereigns, and having taken into cur ir.cft serious Consideration all the said Debts and Deficiencies, and the many ill Consequences which may arise to the Public thereby (if not timely remedied) and being heartily zealous to preserve the Honour of your Majesty and the Nation, and to establish the public Credit, and to enable.your Majesty to prosecute the present War, (so necessarily entered into) with the utmost Vigour, until such a Peace shall (by the Bkffing of Almighty God) be obtained, as may be for the Honour of your Majesty, and the lasting security.of your Kingdoms, and your Allies, have agreed (in order to make a Provision for the said Debts, Deficiencies, and Sums of Money, before computed to amount to the said Sum of eight millions nine hundred seventy one thousand three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, and for raising the further Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds for the Service of this present. Year, which makes the total Sum, computed to be provided for by this atto amount to the Sum of nine millions four hundred seventy one thousand three hundred and twenty-five Pounds) to give and grant to your Majesty such Supplies as. are hereinafter mentioned, for paying an Interest; or Annuity after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for all the said Sums of Money, Debts, and Deficiencies, until the Principal Money i'llal 1 be paid, as herein after is mentioned, which, by the Computation aforesaid, doth amount unto the annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings; and that a good, fare, and gaoling Fund may be settled and established.for paying the said interest.or Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per

3. f Centum

471

37s859l.-59.

8 d. q. Interest, C

9375 Hanover Subsidy,

8; cool. Inter eri.

S Annce, cr 13.

i.37»4=si ?sidon 8 Ann.

386-251. in tcrtli,

S aan e. CI

5OCOC0l. Corient Service

4/2

C 2 r.

Anno nono anne Reginss.

A.D.

1710.

continued from

31 ji|1y> io.

- for ever.

S Annae, V 13.

Centum per Annum, by quarterly Payments, amounting in the whole, by Computation, to the said Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nirie Pounds and ten Shillings, we do give and grant to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, for the Purposes aforesaid, the Supplies, Impositions, and Duties herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty to accept thereof, and that it may Impositions, c. be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent: C 13. Df the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every the Impositions, additional Impositions, Rates, Duties, and Charges upon all Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and upon all East India Goods, and wrought Silks, and: tipon all whale fins, and upon all or any other Goods or Merchandizes, whatsoever, which by the said Act made in the said eighth Year of her said now majesty's Reign, were granted, continued, or made payable to her said Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, ftom the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, shall by virtue of this Act be: further granted and continued, and be paid and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, upon and for all Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and all wrought Silks, and whale fins, and upon all other the

like Goods and Merchandizes as are by the said Acts, every or any of them, charged or chargeable with j.the said Rates, Duties, Impositions, or additional Impositions, or any of them, and which shall be brought

or imported into Great Britain, from the daft Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twenty, for ever; and that all and every the Act and Acts of Parliament (which by the said Act made in the said eighth Year of her said majesty's Reign, were continued to the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twenty, and all the Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses in the said Adds, every or any of them, mentioned or contained (except as in the said Act of the said eighth Year of her said Majesty's Reign, and herein after, is excepted) as for and concerning the said Rates, Duties, Impositions, and additional Impositions, and every or any of them respectively, hereby granted, continued, or made payable, shall continue and be in full Force and Effect forever, and shall be severally applied, praccifed, and executed, for the raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying the said respective Rates, Duties, Impositions, and additional Impositions, every or any of them, respectively, by the same respective Acts granted, and which are hereby continued, and made payable, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this Act, as if the same Acts, and every of them, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in them, and every of them respectively mentioned or contained, had been again repeat

and particularly enacted 111 this present Act.

II. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duty upon

Tobacco, which shall be imported within the Times by this Act limited, and all Arrears thereof, shall be ccortiing to the securecj^ collected, raised, levied, answered, and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in such jj 13' Method, and with such Discount and Allowances, and according to such Rules and Directions, and under See, a am. fim. ch Penalties, as are mentioned, referred to, or prescribed (as to the Duties or Impositions on Tobacco) 1. C s. ja. 2. in and by the Act made in the Parliament held in the seventh Year of the Reign of his said late ma lohids Ureas jesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for continuingseveral Duties granted byformer Alls upon Dunes of Tobacco jyine Vinegar, and Tobacco, and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War

to be paid in eitth U r, 'A j. .1. r'J J 6

teen Months, Qgaiyt I'rznee, and not otherwise.

Alterations' HE Provided also, That in all Cases where any other Provision or Alteration is made by any Act or Acts made by any Act Gr Parliament now in being, in or about any other Matter or Thing contained in the said Acts of parlia tin being to be ment hereby continued, or any of them, such other Provisions or Alterations shall be observed for ever; observed. ..anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

After Payment

IV. And be it further enacted, That all and every the Surplus Moneys arising in the Receipt of the of Principal and Exchequer, on or for the said Duties hereby continued, and such other Duties as are mentioned and con inrereft charged t^'inecj in the former Acts, whereby the said Duties hereby continued were granted or continued to the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, after Payment of all such Principal Money and Inplus to bvappucd 6c>re^: i as by the said former Acts are charged thereupon, and which by the said Act in the said eighth Year

to the Vies of

this Act.

"Duty on Tobacco to be levied

ft anne, flat

of her Majesty's Reign are appropriated and applied to the Purposes in that Act mentioned, shall be, and by virtue of this Act are, appropriated and made applicable to the Uses and Purposes in this Act mentioned and contained, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; anything in the said last mentioned Act contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding

- ' And whereas by the said Act made in the said eighth Year of her said majesty's Reign, it is en

That immediately from and after the Time that all Principal and Interest Moneys, secured b, y an Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies, and for pre "the publick Credit, should be fully paid off and satisfied, or that sufficient Moneys should be reserved '4 in the Exchequer for that Purpose, then all the Moneys which from thenceforth, until the first Day of "August, which will bedn the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, should arise, or '4 be due or payable, orb secured or in Arrear, of and for the Duties upon Salt and Rock Salt therein mentioned (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, cclledling, and accounting for the same)

5 shall, from time to time, be paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, and shall be issued and applied, so far as the same will extend, to and for the Payment and Satisfaction of the Interest which shall, from time to time, grow due for the Moneys which shall be lent upon, or in pursuance of the said Act of the said eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, or any of the Powers or Clauses therein contained, and to none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; any Law nr Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: 'Nowit is hereby

'0irdtslalt declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that immediately from and after the Time that all the f^annx, C 'i3! Principal and Interest Moneys secured by the said last mentioned Act of the said first Year of her said Ma ' These Duties jesty's Reign, shall be fully paid oft' and satisfied, or that sufficient Moneys shall be reserved in the exche were repealed quer for.'that Purpose, that all the Moneys which from thenceforth for ever shall arise, or be due or payable, ja^af"erward°' or secured, ror. in Arrear, ef and for the said Duties of Salt and Rock salt, (except the necessary Charges

of

/'and also the

C 2 T.

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Anni Reginae.

473

of raifrng, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) hall, from time to time, for ever be paid reived for other into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, and hall be issued and applied for the Purposes in this Act fc! 5 contained, and for no other life. Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; anything in the said Act of the said ^ajcfatetualh eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. 26 &, z, C 3,

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys that hall come into the,

Receipt of the Exchequer, upon or for all and every the Rates, Duties, Impositions, and additional Impo C "lrus; i an: E' iitions, which were granted or continued by the said Act of the said eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, p'rjale/u) the from the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, to the first Day of August one thousand ufts of this Act. seven hundred and twenty, and all Arrears thereof, shall be applied and appropriated, and they are hereby appropriated to the Uses and Purposes of this Add, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever;

anything in the said Act of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, to the contrary notwithstanding; the said Rates, Duties, Impositions, and additional Impositions, and every of them respectively, hall be raised, levied, collected, answered, and paid, in such Manner and Form, and by such Ways and Means, and subject to, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as is and are contained in the said Act of the said eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Duties upon Candles, which Duties upon by an Act made in the said eighth Year of her said now majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying ccr Candles, and tain Duties upon Candles, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants, to "Pon clerks wards raising her Majesty's Supply, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, were granted to her Ma 2ndstrvan'.s jesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the Term of five Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of May one s Anna. C 9. thousand seven hundred and ten, shall, by virtue of this Act, be further continued, and be payable, as continued for well upon all Wax Candles and Candles called or sold for Wax Candles (notwithstanding the Mixture of ever

any other Ingredients therewith) as upon all Tallow Candles, to be imported into, or made in any Part Ffr^, u"el f of Great Britain, from and after the first Day of May, which hall be in the Year of our Lord one thou ffr sand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever; and also that the said several Rates upon Moneys to be given with C 26. 11 Geo. Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants, which were granted to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by the 1. C 30. 23 said last mentioned Act, for the Term of five Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of May one thou Geoj* sand seven hundred and ten, hall be further continued, and be payable for and upon all Moneys or other af, G'°' X Consideration to be given with Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, as in the same Act are mentioned, from c'j"' and after the first Day of May, which hall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, for ever; and that the said Act last mentioned, and all Powers, Provisions, Penalties, Articles, and Clauses therein contained, as well for and concerning the said Duties upon Candles, and the said Rates upon Moneys or other Consideration to be given with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants, hall continue, and He in full Force for ever, and shall be applied, practised, and executed, for raising, levying, collecting, answering, and paying, as well the said Duties upon Candles, as the said Rates upon Moneys or other Consideration to be given with Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, hereby continued, and all Arrears thereof, according to the Tenor and Intent of this present Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the Clauses, Powers, Matters, and Things in the same Act contained, had been again in this Act repeated and particularly enacted.

VIII. And whereas the said Duties and Impositions on Candles, and Rates on Moneys or other Confi After Principal deration to be given with Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, which were granted by the last mentioned borrowed' Act, are thereby made subject and liable to the Satisfaction of certain principal Sums which were borrow upon Candles,

ed upon the same Act, and the Interest due and to be due for the same, (which Principal and Interest are Clerks, Appren to be duly paid eft' and discharged in the first Place) Now it is hereby further declared and enacted by b^ai^off^rheii the Authority aforesaid, That from and immediately after the Time that all the Principal and Interest Mo th/bkitl to be hies, which by the said last mentioned Act are charged or chargeable on the several Duties on Candles, applied to the and Rates on Money or other Consideration to be given with Clerks, Apprentices, and Servants, hall be trfesof; fiis Act. fully paid off" and satisfied, according to the true Meaning of the said last mentioned Act, or that sufficient 8 Anna C9money hall be reserved in the Exchequer for that Purpose; ad the Moneys which from thenceforth shall arise by the said Impositions on Candles, and Moneys or other Consideration to be given with Clerks,

Apprentices, or Servants, which were granted by the said last mentioned Act, as aforesaid, (except the necessary Charges of raising, levying, collecting, and accounting for the same) shall, from time to time, be fe farther qt"*paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer distinctly, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and for no other Geo. 2. c. 22. Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever. 20 G. 2. <.43.

IX. And for the better securing the Payment of the said Interest Moneys or Annuities, after the Rate of C 23.

I six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon and for all the said Debts, Deficiencies, and Sums of Money, intended to be provided for by this Act; and that all Persons and Corporations, concerned and to be concerned therein, their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, may have, receive, and enjoy, certain Annuities or yearly Payments, to be computed after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the several and respective Moneys to them respectively due, and to grow due, according to the true Meaning of this Act, and such special Benefit of Trade, and other Advantages as are hereafter in this Act expressed, subject nevertheless to such Power of Redemption, as in this Act is provided in that Behalf; be it therefore enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Receivers Commissioners General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the time being, a their respective Offices, from time to arhe time, shall f. parate and keep apart, all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising by such Part of the feve Moneys fifing ral Rates and Duties, Impositions, and additional Impositions, and Sums of Money, hereby granted, con by this Act. tinued, or appropriated, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, as is or shall be under the Care or Management of the respective Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, as the same hall, from time to time, arise or be paid into the respective Offices of the said receiver-general of the Customs, by the Collectors of the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and in like Manner that the re vol IV P p p spective

474 C 2l. Anno nono Ann Reginae. A.D. 1710.

And the Com spective Commissioners and Governors of the Revenue or Receipt of Excise in England and Scotland for the missioners of the being, at their respective Head Offices, from time to time, hall separate and keep apart all and every Sum and Sums of Money arising by such or such Part of the several Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money, hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, for the Purposes in this Act mentioned, as is or shall be under the Care or Management of the said Commissioners and Governors of the Revenue, or Receipt of Excise, for the time being, as the same hall, from time to time, arise or be paid into the said Offices of Excise by the and the Com Receivers or Collectors of the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever; also that the commissioner of the missioners for marking and {lamping of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or for managing the Duties there stamp Duties. upgn for the time being, hall, at rheir Head Office, cause to be separated and kept apart in like Manner, ail and every the Moneys arising by the Rates upon Moneys or other Consideration to be given with Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants, hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, for the Purposes in this Act men -- tior.ed, which is under the Care or Management of the said Commissioners or Managers last mentioned, for the time being, as the same {laall, from time to time, arise or be paid into the said Office of the said The Money to Stamps by the Receivers or Collectors of the same, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever; and as be paid weekly well^General of the Customs, and the said Commissioners and Governors of the said quer eex° e' Revenue or Receipt of Excise in England, as the said Commissioners for marking Vellum, Parchment, and^" Paper, or for managing the Duties thereupon, for the time being respectively, are hereby required and

flridlly enjoined, from time to time, for ever, to pay weekly, to wit, on Wednesday in every Week, if it be not a Holiday, and if it be, then the next Day after that is not a Holiday, all and every the Moneys arising by such or such Parts of the several and respective Duties, Rates, Impositions, additional impositions, and Sums of Money, hereby granted, continued or appropriated, as is or shall be under the Care or Management of the said Commissioners, Governors, or Managers respectively, into the Receipt of the Exchequer of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, diffindl and apart from all other Moneys whatsoever; and the Pveceivers General of the Customs and Excise of Scotland for the time being respectively, are hereby required and strictly enjoined, from time to time, to transmit and pay into the said Receipt of the Exchequer in England, distinct and apart, as aforesaid, all the Moneys which shall arise in Scotland, as aforesaid, for the Purposes in this Act expressed.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there hall be, from time to time, for Books for Entry ever, provided and kept in the Exchequer, (that is to say) in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt, fe to be kept in the vera] Rooks, in which all the Moneys which ought to be paid in weekly, or otherwise, as aforesaid, and Exchequer. which shall be brought into the same Receipt, shall be entered apart and distinct from all other Moneys paid or payable to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, upon any Account whatsoever.

Commissioners,

XI. And be it further enacted, That if the said Receivers General of the Customs, Commissioners, or not paving' Governors of the Revenue or Receipt of the Excise, or the said Commissioners for marking of Vellum, or misapplying Parchment, and Paper, or for managing the Duties thereupon, for the time being respectively, shall refuse the Moneys, furor neg]edl to pay, or cause to be paid into the Exchequer, all or any the Sums appointed to be paid by them eit t eir F aces, peverai]y5 as aforesaid, in such Manner as they are respectively required by this Actor shall divert or misapply any Part of the same, then they and every of them so offending, hall forfeit their several Offices and Places, and shall be incapable to serve her Majesty, her, Pleirs or Successors, in any Office or Place of Profit or Trust whatsoever, and hall be liable to pay double the Value of all and every Sum and Sums of; Money so diverted or misapplied, with full Costs of Suit, to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Cor( ( who shall be intituled to any Annuity or Payment out of the Fund by this Act settled, and will! sue for the same Forfeiture by Action of Debt, or of the Case, Bill, Suit, or Information, founded upon this Act, in any Court of Record of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege of Parliament, or other Privilege whatsoever, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance, shall be granted or allowed.

Head offices of XU. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Head Offices of the Customs and the Customs, Excise, and the chief Office for the marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall for ever be severally Excise, econ and respectively continued, with a sufficient Number of Commissioners, and a Comptroller in each and tmued for ever. every of them, for performing and executing such Matters and Things as are by this Act enjoined to be done or performed by such Commissioners and Comptrollers respectively, according to the true Meaning hereof.

Comptrollers in

XIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the respective Comptrollers in the said respectthe respective 'tive Offices for the time being, hall keep perfect and distinct Accounts in Books fairly written, of all the Offices to keep Moneys which shall arise of or for the said several and respective Impositions, additional Impositions, du distinctaccounts ties, Rates, and Sums of Money, by this Act granted, continued, or appropriated, as the same shall from of the Moneys time to tjme ar; fe cr be raised; which Books all Persons concerned hall have free Access at all seasona ar^ng y is betimes, without Fee or Charge; and if any such Comptroller or Comptrollers, as aforesaid, shall neglect his or their Duty therein, then he or they so offending shall forfeit his or their Office or Offices, and Places, and be rendered incapable, as aforesaid, and hall also forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, intituled to any Annuity or Payment by this Act, and that will sue for the same, as aforesaid, together with Full Costs of Suit, to be recovered, as aforesaid.

Collector, C

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Collector or Receiver of any the Impositions, additional detaining the Impositions, Duties, Rates, or Sums of Money, by this Act granted, continued, or appropriated, shall! dt>nl|td 'be detain an or any Bart f the Moneys by him collected or received, contrary to his Duty, then he or they,

1 ml e'C for such Offence, shall be dismissed from his or their Employment, and be charged with Interest for the Moneys so by him or them detained, after the Rate of twelve Pounds per Centumpcr Annum, and be liable to answer treble Damages to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, that shall be grieved by such Detention, and who will sue for the same, in Manner as aforesaid: if any Collector or Receiver of any of the said Impositions, additional Impositions, Duties, Rates, or Sums of Money,

hereby

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann Reginae.

C 21. 47 5

hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, shall divert or misapply all or any Part of the Moneys by him or them collected or received, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then he or they, for every or any such Offence, shall be dismissed from his Employment, and rendered incapable to serve her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, as aforesaid, and shall moreover forfeit double the Sum or Sums so by him or them diverted or misapplied, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be intituled to any Annuity or Payment out of the Fund by this at fettkd, and will sue for the same, as aforesaid.

XV. And to the end the Sums by this Act appropriated, may not be diverted or applied to any other Pur direfkons in poses than are hereby directed or intended; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Pvules 1 wm Seir and Directions appointed and enacted in one Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their said late Ma a, C jesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majestics an Aid of two,

Shillings in the Pound for one Tear, for the speedy Payment of Money thereby granted into the Receipt of Exchequer, by the Collectors and Receivers, and for the Diffribution and Application thereof, and keeping distinct Accounts of the same, and all other Provisions, Pains, Penalties, and Forfeitures thereby enacted, in case of Diversion or Misapplication of any Money thereby appropriated, are hereby revived and enacted to be in Force, and shall be applied, executed, and put in Ure, for and concerning the distribution and Application of the said Sums hereby appropriated, as fully, amply, and effectually, as if the same were particularly repeated and reenacted.

XVI. And whereas the Funds hereby settled and appropriated will not be sufficient to pay all the said Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for all the Debts, Deficiencies, and Sums of Money intended to be provided for by this act, until the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; to the Intent a full, sufficient, and unquessionable Provision may be made for all the said Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, until the said five"

and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Treasury to Authority aforesaid, That Quarterly in every Year, until the said five and twentieth Day of December one causean ac thousand seven hundred and sixteen, that is to say, on or within twenty Days next after every five and twen cunt to bemaie tieth Day of March, four and twentieth Day of June, nine and twentieth Day of September, and five and doti re of 5 twentieth Day of Dccetnber, which shall be before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand fe ail Monies to ven hundred and sixteen, the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or come in upon Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall cause a true and exact Account to be made of all the fundsap the Moneys, which on or before the said respective Quarter days last mentioned, shall have come or he points<i' brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, for or upon the said Funds hereby appointed (the first of which Accounts shall be made on or within twenty Days next after the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and twelve;,) and if upon making every or any such Accounts, so much Moneys as shall appear to have come into the Receipt of Exchequer, upon or for the said Funds hereby appointed, shall fall short of one fourth Part of the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or of such proportionable Part thereof aslhall be due, as herein after is mentioned, within or for the preceding Quarter of a Year: And then and so often, and in every such Deficiency tote Case, it is hereby declared and enabled. That every such Deficiency and Deficiencies shall, immediately madegoodbythe after the same shall appear, be provided for, answered, and made goodbye or out of any such public mb ney, t?.llies, Orders, or other Parliamentary Securities, as shall be then in the Hands or Power of the Treasurer or Paymaster of her Majesty's Navy for the time being, when such Deficiency shall happen, upon which there shall not be at that Time an actual Direction; and in case there shall not be then sufficient of such public Moneys, Tallies, Orders, or other Parliamentary Securities, in the Hands or Power of the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, as aforesaid, to make good and complete such Deficiency, then and in such Case, all the public Moneys, Tallies, Orders, and Parliamentary Securities, which shall (at the Time of such Deficiency happening) be in the Hands or Power of the Treasurer or Paymaster of her Majesty's Navy for the time being, upon which there final! not at that Time be an actual Direction, so far as the same will extend, shall be immediately paid and applied towards making good every such Deficiency; and the Residue and Remainder of every such Deficiency shall be made good, paid, and discharged by and out of the first and next public Moneys, talii s, Orders, or Parliamentary Securities, which shall come to the Hands or Power of the Treasurer or Paymaster of her Majesty's Navy for the time being (after every such Deficiency shall happen) and the same shall not be applied or diverted to any other life; and the Treasurer or Paymaster of her Majesty's Navy for the time being, is and are hereby authorised and required to make such Payment and Application for and towards making good such Deficiency and Deficiencies, as aforesaid, when and as" often as the same shall happen, without Fee or Charge, and without any further or other Warrant or Authority, to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf from her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; the said Payment and Application to be made and paid to the Camier or Treasurer of the said Company or Corporation, to be erected in Pursuance of this Act, for the Use of the said Company or Corporation.

XVII. And to the end the Service of the Navy may not be lessened, or prejudiced by such Application An tftimsta tj of the Money, Taffies, Orders, or other public Securities, which shall be in the Hands or Power of the be male by 3 Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, and which shall be by him applied to the malting good such Defi m«dinmof three ciency, as aforesaid; it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in the Month of January, yearly and y^'how every Year, until the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, the amch the Funds Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury will produce, for the Time being, shall cause an Estimate or Computation to be made by a Medium of the three preceding Years, how much the Funds hereby settled and appointed for Payment of the said Annuities, after the Rate of 'six Pounds per Centum per Annum, will produce for the ensuing Year, commencing from the five and twentieth Day of Dccetnber next ensuing such Estimate or Computation, and how much the same will fall short of answering and paying the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hun

P p p 2 dred

Treasurer of the Navyoutof tal lies, orjers, C

C 2 I.

Anno nono Anni Reginas,

A.D. 1710.

To be laid before the Com

cahier of the Company to

dred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such Proportionable Part thereof, as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned; and Aral! cause the said Estimate or Computation to be laid before the Commons in Parliament assembled, at their then Session (if then actually sitting) or if the Parliament shall not be then sitting, in such Case at their first or next Session; to the end a good, sufficient, and effectual Provision and Supply may be granted to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by Parliament, for the making good, for the Service of the Navy for that Year, so much Moneys as shall, by such Estimation or Computation, appear necessary to make good such Deficiency, to be accordingly granted or provided: But the Delay of making such Provision by Parliament, as is last mentioned, shall not be any Stop or Detriment to the making good, in Manner aforesaid, the Deficiency which shall so happen, as aforesaid, of and for the said Funds hereby settled and appointed, for paying; the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such proportionable Part thereof, as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned, but the same shall be answered, paid, and made good in Manner, as aforesaid; thing herein contained, or any Law, Statute, or Usage of the Navy, or other Matter or Thing, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And to the end the Treasurer or Paymaster of her Majesty's Navy, for the time being may be -. regularly discharged of all such public Moneys, Tallies, Orders, and other Parliamentary Securities, as he ntthe Treasurer or cy Pay an apply towards making good any such Deficiency of the said annual Sum of five

of the Navy: hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or of such proportionable

Part thereof, as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned; It is enabled, That the Treasurer or Cashier of the Company or Corporation to be erected in Pursuance of this Act, shall from time to time give a Receipt or Receipts in Writing to the said Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, for all such public Moneys, Tallies, Orders, and other Parliamentary Securities, as he shall so apply or pay towards making good such. Which Receipt Deficiency, as aforesaid; which Receipt and Receipts shall be a good and sufficient Voucher and Vouchers shall be admitted to the said Treasurer and Paymaster of the Navy for the same, and shall, in the Passing of his and their voucher Accounts, be admitted and taken accordingly by the Auditors of her Majesty's Imprefts for the Time being.

Treasurer not

XIX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That if the Treasurer or Paymaster of her Majesty's paying, to incur Navy for the Time being, shall refuse or delay to make such Payment and Application, as aforesaid, of any officer^oahe*'publ ck Moneys, Tallies, Orders, or other public Securities, as shall be in his or their Hand or 1 xchequer are Hands, or Power, for or towards making good such Deficiency and Deficiencies of the said annual Sum of liable to five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or of such proportionable Part thereof, as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned, when and so often as such Deficiency or Deficiencies shall happen, such Treasurer and Paymaster of the Navy shall incur the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, as any of the Officers of the Exchequer are hereby subjefled and made liable to for diverting or misapplying any of the Moneys, which shall come into the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon or for the Funds hereby appointed for Payment of the said Annuities after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and to be recovered in like Manner.

56s, 279l. ios.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year for ever, reckon to be the yearly ing the first Year to begin from the five and twentieth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Fund Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, the full annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two

hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such proportionable Part thereof as shall be due, as is herein after mentioned, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said several Duties, as well upon Salt and Rock Salt, as upon Wine, Vinegar, Tobacco, East india Goods, Raw silks, and other Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted, continued, or appropriated, and every of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, ip case the same Payments shall extend thereto; and in case the said weekly or other Payments shall not amount to five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings per Annum, or such proportionable Part thereof as shall be due, as herein after is mentioned, then the said weekly Moneys, or other Payments, so far as the same will extend, shall he Part of the yearly Fund for and towards the answering and paying the several and respective Annuities, or yearly Payments, in this Act hereafter expressed.

All the Money

XXI. And be it further enacted, That all the Sums of Money arising by the said Rates, Duties, im by this Act positions, additional Impositions, and Sums of Money, by this Act granted, continued, or appropriated, granted, appro as aforesaid, which shall, from time to time, be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, or so much printed for ma thereof as fta]] foe sufficient to make up and complete the said yearly Fund of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred lventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such proportionable Part thereof, to be due, as herein after is mentioned, shall be appropriated, set apart, and applied, and the same are hereby appropriated for and towards the raising and making good the said yearly Fund of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such proportionable Part of the same, and shall be issued and paid out of the said Receipt of Exchequer by the respective Officers of the same, as herein after is mentioned, without Fee or Charge, and without any further or other Warrant to be sued for, had, or obtained from her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in that Behalf, and shall be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes in and by this Act expressd and intended, and to no other Use, Intent, or purpose whatsoever; and that the respective Officers in the Exchequer, who shall make any Delay in issuing or paying the said Money to the said Uses by this Act intended, or shall be guilty of diverting or misapplying any of the said Moneys to any other Use or Purpose, contrary to this Act, for any such Offence, shall he adjudged from their respective Offices and Places, and be rendered uncapable to serve her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, in any Office or Employment of Trust or Profit whatsoever, and also shall be liable to pay double the Value of any Sum or Sums 10 delayed to be paid, or so diverted or misapplied, as aforesaid, to any Corporation, or other Person or Persons that shall he grieved thereby, and who will sue for the same, to be recovered as aforesaid.

king good the jearly Fund.

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann Reginae. C i 477

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the said Duties arising or ap Deficiency to fce propriated by this act shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient in the Produce of the same, paatj*a^c°^tby as that within any one Year, to be reckoned from and after the five and twentieth Day of December in the al, imcn year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, the said weekly or other Payments upon the same Rates or Duties, shall not amount to so much as shall be sufficient to discharge and satisfy the said yearly Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such proportionable Part thereof, as aforesaid, by this Add appointed, or intended to be paid within or for the same Year respectively, that then, and so often, and in every such Case, it is hereby declared and enacted,

That every such Deficiency and Deficiencies shall be provided for, answered, and made goodbye or out of the next Aids to be raised and granted by Parliament, and shall be appropriated and applied for and towards making good the Deficiency which shall so happen of the said yearly Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such proportionable Part thereof, as aforesaid, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That in case there shall be any Surplus or Remain Surplus to heap, der of the Moneys arising by the Rates and Duties, and Sums of Money granted or appropriated by this Act, at the End of any one Year after all the said Annuities, Charges, and Payments, directed or authorised pr; cnc pa[" S by this Add, shall be fully fitisfied, paid, and discharged, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall be applied, from time to time, for and towards paying and discharging the principal Money of the said Capital Stock of the said intended Company, so far as the same will, from time to time, extend; and that the said yearly Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or such proportionable Part thereof, as is intended by this Act to be provided for, shall be, from time to time, lessened and abated in Proportion to such Part of the said Principal or Capital Stock of the said Company, which shall be so paid oft'; that is to say, that out of the yearly Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, to be annually payable to the said Company by virtue of this Act, and according to the true Meaning thereof, there shall be deducted so much Money yearly and every Year, as shall be after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for the Principal Sum, which shall be so paid off and discharged, or which the Capital Stock of the said Company shall really and bonaconfift of, for the time being, less than the said Principal or Capital Stock, or Sum of nine millions four hundred seventy one thousand three hundred and twenty-five Pounds; such Deduction and Deductions to begin and be made from such respective Time and Times as such Principal Money shall be so paid oif and discharged, or the said Capital Stock so lessened, as aforesaid: being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, that the Annuity so to be paid, by virtue of this Act, unto the said intended Company or Corporation to be erected in Pursuance of this Act, shall be after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for every hundred Pounds, which the Principal or Capital Stock of the said Company or Corporation shall, for the time being, consist of, and proportionably for a lefl er Sum than one hundred Pounds, and not any further or other Sum or Sums in respect of the said Annuity.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted, That at any Time, upon one year's On One year's

Notice, after the five and twentieth Day of December in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred Notice, after and sixteen, upon Repayment by Parliament of the Principal Sum, of which the Capital Stock of the said 25 Dec. 1716. intended Company shall, for the time being, consist, unto the respective Contributors of the same, or to annuities to"'*

such Person or Persons as by, from, or under them, shall be intituled to the said Annuity or Shares of the cease

said yearly Fund or Capital Stock, in respect of the same, and of all Arrears of the said Annuities or Explained by yearly Payments, or upon Payment out of such Surplus Money, as aforesaid, of all the said Principal or 10 Anna?, C 30, Capital Stock of the said intended Company, and all Arrears of the said Annuity payable to them, as aforesaid; and from thenceforth all and every the Impositions, and additional Impositions, Duties, Rates,

and Sums of Money hereby granted, continued, or appropriated, shall and may be disposed of by parlia iment; and also the said yearly Fund charged thereupon, and the said Annuities issuing out of tile same, shall absolutely cease and determine; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And forasmuch as it will be for the great Ease and Advantage of the Persons concerned in the said Debts and Deficiencies, that they should be made one Society or Company, and that the Payments from the Exchequer will be much easier made to such Society, or their Cashiers, for the Use of, and to by them distributed to the respective Persons interested in the said Debts, Deficiencies, and other Mo ' nies, intended to be hereby charged on the said Funds, than if the same were to be paid in the usual Forms of the Exchequer to every Person concerned and to the End and Intent that the Trade to the South Seas, and other Parts within the Limits herein after mentioned, may be carried on for the Honour and in crease of the Wealth and Riches of this Realm; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and Her Majesty by may be lawful for her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, by Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great ^inco^orate Britain, to incorporate all and every the Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic or th Company. Corporate, who are and shall be interested in or intituled unto any of the Bills, Tickets, Debentures, or Certificates, or other Public Debts, Deficiencies, or Sums of Money, intended to be provided for by this Act, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, administrators, successors, or Assigns, orhy any other lawful Title, derived or to be derived from, by, or under the original Proprietors, at any Time or Times hereafter, shall have and be intituled to any Part, Share, or interest of or in the said yearly Fund by this Act settled, as aforesaid, so long as they respectively shall have any such Part, Share, or Interest therein, to be one Body Politic or Corporate, iri Deed and in Name, and by such Name as her Majesty, her Heirs or successors shall think fit, and by that Name to have perpetual Succession, and a common Seal, with Power, from time to time, to choose their Governors, Directors, and other Officers, in such Manner, and under such Qualifications, as to the Electors and elected, as shall be directed in such Letters Patents; the first Governor and Directors to be nominated by her Ma

3 jesty.

47s C 2l. Anno nono Ann Reginae. A.D. 1710.

jesty, her Heirs and Successors in the said Letters Patents, the said first Governor and Directors being so qualified, as all subsequent Governors and Directors shall be qualified, and to continue in their respective Offices for one Year only; and that the Persons so incorporated and their Successors, by the same Name, shall be able and capable in Law to have, purchase, receive, enjoy, posies, and retain, to them and their Successors, Lands, rents, Tenements, and Hereditaments, not exceeding the yearly Value of one thousand Pounds, together with such Powers, Capacities, Privileges, Immunities, and Advantages, and subject to and under such Rules, Conditions, Limitations, and Restrictions, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, in her or their great Wisdom shall think fit, and to do and execute all and Angular Matters and Things by the same Name that to them shall or may appertain to do.

Her Majesty by

XXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to the said Letters, ancj for ]ler Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by the said Letters' Patents of Corporation, or by any cotn firny v>°dirta" mon or Commissions under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to be granted before or after the said let the Orderin' of ters Patents, to direct and appoint how and in what Manner the Tallies and Orders, Bills, Tickets, cer the Tallies, 3 tificates, or Debentures, intended to be provided for by this Act, and also the Money hereby intended to Joint Stock., be made Part of the Capital Stock of the said Corporation, upon Account of the Public, shall or ma be subscribed, admitted, or taken into, or be made Part of the said Capital Stock of the said Company or Corporation; and also to direct how and in what Manner such Part of the Stock of the said Corporation, which is hereby intended to be for the Use of the Public, shall and may be disposed and applied to the Use of the Public, and accounted for; and also how and in what Manner the said Tallies, Orders, Tickets, Certificates, Bills, or Debentures, intended to be taken into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation, shall or may be disposed of, discharged, and accounted for; and also how the Property of al! Persons interested in the said Tallies, Orders, Tickets, Certificates, Bills, or Debentures, shall or may be ascertained, adjusted, and settled; and also that her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, shall and may, in and by such Commission and Commissions as is last mentioned, direct the Commissioners therein to be named, how and in what Manner to proceed in the Execution of such Commission or Commissions; also that it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in and by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation, or by such Commission or Commissions, as aforesaid, to direct how and in what Manner the proper Officers of the Exchequer for the time being may know and be informed how much the Capital Stock of the said Company doth, for the time being, consist of, and all other Things requisite thereunto, that so the proper Officers of the Exchequer may know whether they are to pay to the Cashier of the said Company, to the Use of the said Company, the said whole annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or only a proportionable Part thereof.

XXVII. And whereas great Part of the Debt of the Navy and Victualling, and for Transport Service, C and of the Office of Ordnance, is ascertained by Bills or Debentures payable in Course, and other Part of the Debt of the Navy is also ascertained by Tickets made out for Wages to Seamen, and others who served on Board any of her Majesty's Ships, but great Part of the said Debt is for Wages due to the 1 Seamen and Workmen in her Majesty's Docks and Yards, for which the respective Persons, to whom the same is due, have no Bills, Tickets, or Debentures to ascertain the same Be it therefore enacted of by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Navy for the time being shall and are hereby ef thcnjvy to required forthwith to cause an exact and true Account to be made up and delivered unto the Commissioners Sunt of Debts the Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the due from lhe time being, of the respective Sums due from the said Navy Office, as well upon Bills in Course upon the Navy office on f.cond Register Book, as for the Bills in Course in the present Register Book, on or before the five and 2; Mar. 1711. twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, as well for Principal as for Interest, and to thet?eafmv a^Tickets made out, on or before the said five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven Ticketsfm sea hundred and eleven, for the Wages of Seamen, or others, who have served on Board any of her Majesty's mens Wages, Ships; and also that the Commissioners of the Victualling, and the Commissioners of Transports, and the

how paid, Officers of by majesty's Office of Ordnance respectively, shall and are hereby required forthwith to cause

to Annn; C 26. a true and exact Account to be made up and delivered to the Commissioners of the Treasury now being,

Andaifo the or the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, of all the several and

respective Sums due from those several and respective Offices, to the five and twenteith Day of March one for Victualling, thousand seven hundred and eleven inclusive, for which Certificates or Debentures, payable in Course, are Transports and or shall have been made forth: and the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Lord High

Ordnance, Treasurer or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall and are hereby required to cause all

the said Debts of the said several Offices of the Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Ordnance, for which such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures are, or, as aforesaid, shall have been made out, to be call: tip into one total Sum, and shall likewise cause to be cast up in one total Sum, the several Sums herein before mentioned to be computed to be the Debt of all those several Offices; and shall add to the f.: id hft mentioned total Sum, 'the Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds herein before mentioned and agreed to be charged upon the Funds hereby settled as Part of the Provision for this present yearly Service; and shall cause to be deducted out of the Sums last mentioned, the Sum total which all the Debts of the Offices cf 1 the Navy, Victualling, Transport, and Ordnance, to the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleveii inclusive, as well for Principal as Interest, shall amount to, and for which such whick Debts, Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures are or shall have been made out; and so much as shall remain of ofrhe Caokaiart totn^ Sum herein computed to be the Debt of the Lid Offices, and of the said five hundred thousand tkock f riitr Pounds for this year's Service, added together, after such Deduction thereout, as aforesaid, shall be, and be deemed and taken to be public Money, and shall be made Part of the Capital Stock of the Company, <. to be erected by virtue of this Act, for the Use of the Public, in such Manner as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation, or any Commission or Commissions under j the Great Seal of Great Britain, or by Privy Seal or Sign Manual, shall think fit and direct; the same, ' " "and

47

and the Produce thereof, hall be disposed and applied, either for or towards paying the Residue of the said r of by Debts, or for or towards any other public Uses, for which a Supply has been, or shall be granted by Par llamellt; j liament, and not otherwise; and the Loss or Discount (if any) by or upon the said Stock in the said Com' "

for the Use of the Public, shall be accounted for, and the respective Persons accountable for the j(jcj. X same, or any Part thereof, shall be discharged from such Loss or Discount, in such Manner as her Majesty, ft.' z. c.zi. §, r, her Heirs or Successors, by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation, or by any Commission under the Great Szz, oji 4'seal of Great Britain, or by Privy Seal or Sign Manual, shall dire<sb. S day added to

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Tallies and Orders made gt^cj/], lu out, in pursuance of the first herein recited or mentioned at, of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign,

which on the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and eleven, were in the Hands or Power of any Tallies and Or, of the Treasurers or Paymasters of any of the public Offices, shall or may be subscribed, admitted, or dl'rr* s. Ann taken into, and made Part of the Joint Stock of the said intended Corporation, for the Use of the Public, p'ubucj^offices= in such Manner as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by such Commission or commission.s, as aforesaid, on 1 May i7iu or by Privy Seal or Sign Manual, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, to be made Part or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, of tllc Jo: nt by Writing under his or their Hand or Hands, hall direct and appoint; which Orders so to be brought Stcck* into the Joint Stock of the said Company, shall be discharged from being paid in Course, according Co the said last mentioned Act of the said eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, but there shall be allowed for the 8 Anas, C era Principal and Interest due for the same, to be computed as herein after is. mentioned, an Annuity after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for every hundred Pounds, the same being so computed, shall amount unto, and so proportionally for any lesser Sum than one hundred Pounds, and a proportionable Part of all other Privileges and Advantages by this act granted to the said Company: And all the Stock in the said Company, which shall be had for the said Tallies and Orders, shall be, and be deemed public Moneys, and the same and the Produce thereof, shall and may be applicable and applied to such public Uses as thetaid Tallies and Orders might have been applied to, or to.any other public Use or Uses for which a Supply has been or shall be granted by. Parliament, and not otherwise; and if any Loss or Discount shall happen by the said Stock, the respective, Person and Persons who are. accountable for the said Tallies and Orders, or who shall be accountable for the said Stock, shall and may be discharged of such Loss or Discount (if any) in their Accounts, in such Manner as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by such commission, as aforesaid, or by Privy Seal or Sign Manual, shall direct or appoint.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, Persons irite

Eodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be interested in, or intituled unto, any Bills or Debentures, pay in such

able in course, out of her Majesty's several Offices., of the Navy, Victualling, Transport, or Ordnance, ^cn

which were dated or made received in those respective Offices, on or before the five and twentieth day of

March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, or to any, Certificates or Debentures made out for the Army,; r.tojhe Joint or for Transport Service for the late War, shall and may be admitted into the Joint Stock of the said Stock. Company, and be and become Members thereof, in Proportion to such Sum and Sums as they shall befo intituled unto, to be computed, as herein after is mentioned, in such Manner and Form as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation, or by such Commission or Commissions, as aforesaid, shall direct; and that all the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, and the Money How &rc. due thereupon, shall, in order to their being admitted into the said Joint Stock, be call; up and computed " rltin5 Interest as followeth, (that is to say) the principal Sums of each Bill, Ticket, Talley, Certificate, or Debenture, to

and the Interest of such of them as do carry Interest, to the five and twentieth Day of Afarch one thousand tile; r ben fd seven hundred and eleven, shall be added together, and thereunto shall be added so much as the Interest of mined into the such Principal and Interest, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the five and twen Jean Stock; tieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, to the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall amount unto; and so much as each and every Bill, Ticket, Certificate, or Debenture, which doth carry Interest, shall amount unto, (computed, as aforesaid) shall be the Sum for which such Bill, Certificate, or Debenture, shall be admitted into the Joint Stock of the said Company; and as for such of the said Bills, Certificates, Tickets, or Debentures, as do not carry Interest, there shall be added to the Principal Sum of each of them, so much Money as the Interest thereof, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, from the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, to the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven,

shall amount unto; and so much as each and every such Bill, Ticket, Certificate, or Debenture, shall, Kov* Bills not -

with the Addition of such Interest as is last mentioned, amount unto, shall be the Sum for which such Bill, ea

Ticket, Certificate, or Debenture shall be admitted into the Joint Stock of the said Company; and that all "^.^dbe c0' "' and every Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies poli ick and Corporate, who are or shall be p'e possessed of, interested in, or intituled unto, any of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, shall, for every hundred Pounds which the same shall amount unto, being computed as aforesaid, have a Credit, Share, or Interest in the Joint Stock of the said Company for one hundred Pounds, consequently for an Annuity of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, till redeemed, as in this at is mentioned, and so proportionably for a less Sum than one hundred Pounds.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, ffhat any Person or Persons, Natives or Persons having'

Foreigners, who are or shall be possessed of, interested in, or intituled unto, any of the Tallies or Orders Tallies on9W. made out in pursuance of the said Acts of the ninth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third,

and of the first Year of her said now majesty's Reign, for laying certain Duties on Coals, Culm, and Cyn C " be act

j ders, shall, for so much as the Principal and Interest of such Tallies and Orders, to be computed in such mined into th.

Manner as is herein before directed, concerning the Computation to be made of Principal and Interest upon Joint Stock, and for such of the Navy and Victualling Bills as do carry Interest, be admitted into, and made Members of the said intended Corporation, and shall have and be intituled, unto a proportienable Part of the yearly

Annuity.

480 C 21.

Anno nono An northeast Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

Persons having Tallies on 8 Annas, C 9. except in the Hands of the Treasurers cf

Joint Stock,

Annuity or Fund payable to the said Corporation, and of all other Privileges and Advantages granted to the said Corporation, in such Manner as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation, or by such Commission or Commissions, as aforesaid, shall direct or appoint.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who are or shall be possessed of, interested in, or intituled unto, any of the Tallies and Orders made forth in pursuance of the said first herein recited or mentioned Act of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, (other than of such of the said Tallies and Orders made out in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, as were, on the said first Day of May one thousand seven hun the publick Of dred anc) eleven, in the Planets or Power of the Treasurers and Paymasters of the public Offices, which jtit 'JAZ are alreaity herein before directed to be taken into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation) and shall be admitted^nto = winded and desirous to bring such Tallies and Orders into the said Joint Stock of the said Corporation, and the joint siock shall signify such their Mind and Desire in Writing, to the Managers or Directors of the said Corporation, before 25 Dec. on or before the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, every such, t Person and Persons To signifying their Mind and Desire to be admitted into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation,

for or in Respect of the said Tallies and Orders, shall, for so much as the Principal and Interest of such Tallies and Orders, (which they shall so desire to be taken into the said Joint Stock) to be computed in such Manner as is herein before directed concerning the Computation to be made of Principal and Interest upon and for such of the Navy and Victualling Bills as do carry Interest, be admitted into and made Members of the said intended Corporation, and shall have and be intituled unto a proportionable Part of the yearly Annuity or Fund payable to the said Corporation, and of all other Privileges and Advantages granted to the said Corporation, in such Manner as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by the said Letters Patents of Incorporation, or by such Commission or Commissions, as aforesaid, shall director appoint. Directors may

XXXII. Provided always nevertheless, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall d vaste'so*h aik^ ma to and fr the Managers and Directors of the said intended Corporation, at any Time

Persons to the ater the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, if they shall so think fit, to admit into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation, or to purchase, pay off, and discharge, (in order to the Admission into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation, and to admit the same accordingly into the said Joint Stock) all or any of the Tallies and Orders made forth in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act of the said eighth Year of her said majesty's Reign; and the said Tallies and Orders shall be taken and admitted into the said Joint Stock, for such Sum as the Principal and Interest, which shall be due upon the same respectively, shall amount unto, at the Time of Times of their Admission into the said Joint Stock; and all the Tallies and Orders made forth in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act of the eighth Year of her said majesty's Reign, which shall, as well before as after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, be taken or admitted into the said Joint Stock of the said Corporation, shall from thenceforth be discharged from being payable in course out of the Funds settled by the said Act; and the respective Owners and Proprietors thereof shall front thenceforth, in lieu thereof, have and be intituled to an Annuity, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the respective Sums they shall amount unto, and proportionably for a lesser Sum than one hundred Pounds, to be paid out of the annual Fund by this Act made payable to the said Company, until the said Fund shall be redeemed, as in this Act is mentioned.

XXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until all the Tallies nd Orders, made forth in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act of the said eighth Year of her said

majesty's Reign, shall be taken and admitted into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation, a distinest and Moneys anting by separate Account shall be kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of the Exchequer, of all the 8 Anna, C 9. Moneys which shall arise or come into the said Receipt of the Exchequer, which, by the said last mentioned Act of the said eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, were applicable or appropriated to the Payment of the Principal or Interest upon the said Tallies and Orders made forth in pursuance of that Act; and the respective Owners and Proprietors of the said Tallies and Orders, which shall not be taken or admitted into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation, shall have and receive, and be intituled to have and receive the Interest and Principal upon and for such Tallies and Orders, by and out of the Moneys arising and coming into the Receipt or the Exchequer, which by the said last mentioned Act of the said eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, were applicable or appropriated to the Payment of Principal and Interest upon or for the Tallies and Orders made forth ill pursuance of that Act, in such and the like Manner, Proportion, and Course of Payment, ar the same might or should have been paid, had not this Act been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That until the five and twentieth Day of December, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, the whole and entire annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shil

to be paid to the lings, shall be paid to the said Corporation in such Manner as in and by this Act is directed, without any Corporation. Addition to, ordeduftion or Abatement out of the same; and that within thirty Days after the five ana

in 30 Days after twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, the Managers or Directors of the said Directors to intended Company or Corporation shall cause an exact Account to be made of the Sum total which the

causean Ac Capital Stock of the said Company shall then consist of, and also of the particular Tallies and Orders,

made of the Dills, Tickets, Certificates, and Debentures, which shall have been taken or admitted into the said Joint

Sum total of th Stock, and the Sums for which respectively they were so taken or admitted; and also bow much ft' the said Capital Stock shall have been subscribed or admitted for the Use of the Public, as is herein belch; directed;

transmit such Account or Accounts, or Duplicate thereof, under the Hands of three or more of the Directors and chief Accountant of the said Company, for the time being, to the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt of Exchequer, and Clerk of the Pells, to be registered and recorded among the Registers and Records of the said respective Offices; and the Auditor of the said Receipt of Exchequer, and Clerk of he

Pells,

tauicv&c. not taken into the Joint Stock, to beo.iid out of the

Till 25 Dec. 3713. the annual Sum of 5682-91.

Capital Stock,

C to be trans and mitted to the Auditor of the Receipt, CC

21,

A.D. 1710. Anno nono anne Regime.

481

Pells, are hereby required to return such Duplicates, or true Copies of them, under their respective Hands, (being first registered and recorded in their laid respective Offices) so soon as conveniently may be, to the Managers or Directors of the said Company, for the Use of the said Company, without Fee or Charge; and if by such Account it shall appear that the annual Sum which unto that Time should have been paid to the said Company, according to the true Meaning of this Act, was really less than the annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, that then, and in such Case, so much Money as shall have been paid unto the said Company, more than by such Account shall appear should or ought to have been paid to them, shall be deducted and abated to the said Company by and out of the next accruing Payment or Payments of the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, or out of the proportionable Part thereof; and in such Case, from and after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, there shall be paid and payable to the said Company, only such proportionable Part of the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, as shall be equal to the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for such Sum as the whole real Capital Stock of the said Company shall, by such Account, appear to be, or as shall be added to the said Capital Stock after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, by such Ways and Means as are herein and hereby directed: And if by such Accounts it shall appear, the Joint Stock of the said Company shall amount to more than the aforementioned Sum of nine Miliions four hundred seventy one thousand three hundred and twenty-five Pounds, so that the Annuity for the same Capital Stock, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, shall amount to more than the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, that then, and i) such Case, so much Money as shall then have been paid to the said Company less than after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the then whole real Capital Stock of the said Company, shall be immediately paid and made good to the said Company, in such Method and Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as is herein and hereby directed for Payment of the said Annuity, until the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; that from thenceforth, and at all Times af t r, there shall be added to the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, so much more Money as shall make the same amount to six Pounds per Centum per Annum, upon and for so much and such Sum as the whole real Capital Stock of the said Corporation shall then confifi of; which additional Annuity shall, from the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, to the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, he paid and payable in such Manner, and by such "Ways and Means, as is herein before directed or prescribed for the paying and providing for the Annuity payable to the said Corporation, until the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen; and that from and after the said five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, such additional Annuity shall be and is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and made payable out of the said Funds hereby settled for Payment of the said annual Sum of five hundred sixty eight thousand two hundred seventy nine Pounds and ten Shillings, so and in such Manner as if the same had been in every Place throughout this Act added thereunto; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding; being the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, That there shall be paid and payable to the said Corporation an Annuity after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, and proportionally for a less Sum than one hundred Pounds, for the whole Sum, and no more nor less than the whole Sum, which the Capital Stock of the said Corporation shall, for the time being, amount unto.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, for as much as the said intended Company cannot be carried on, without a very great Charge, which if the same he wholly born by the Members of the said Company, would lessen their annual Interest, and may prove a great Discouragement to them; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That over and above the said annual Sum hereby settled, to be paid to the said Company, there shall be paid and payable to the said Company, to be erected by virtue of this Act, and their Successors, until the said annual Sum herein before settled shall be redeemed, as aforesaid, or to such Cashier or Cashiers, Person or Persons, as shall be authorised under the Common Seal of the said Company to receive the same, for the Use of the said Company, the further annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds, for and towards the Charge of Management of the said Company; which annual Sum of eight thousand Pounds is hereby charged and chargeable upon, and made to be paid and payable by and out of the fitne Funds, and at fuc'n Time and Times, and in such Manner, and by the same Ways, Means, and me tiods as is and are herein and hereby prescribed, settled, or appointed for Payment of the said Annuities, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the total Amount of the said Capital Stock of the said Company.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her heirs and Successors, by any such Commission, Charter, or Letters Patents, as aforesaid, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to limit, direct, and appoint, how, and in what Manner and Proportions, and under what Rules and Directions, the Shares of all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, in the said yearly Fund, and of and in the Stock of the said intended Company or Corporation, and every or any Part or Proportion thereof, shall and may he assignable or transferrable to such Person or Persons only, as shall freely and voluntarily accept of the same, and not otherwise; that all Alignments and Transferences made in such Manner, and no other, shall be good and available in the Law.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Estates, Interests and Stocks of Money of the said intended Company or Corporation, to be created or established in pursuance of this Act, and the Share and Interest of each and every particular Member thereof, and therein, and of and in the Capital Stock of the said Company, shall be, and be adjudged, taken, and accepted, ill Confiruftion of Law, by all Judges, and in Courts of Law and Justice, and in all Courts and Places whatsoever, to he

volriv. q_q q - a Per

If Joint Stock amount to less, then To much to be abated out of the nexl Payment.

If Joint Stock amount to more, then to be made good. Sec. till 25 Dec. 1716.

Afterwards to be charged upon the Funds hereby settled.

cool, per Ann; to be paid to the Cashier of the Company, for their Charges, above the annual Sum.

Her m.ijt fty by Comnufii n to appoint how Shares shall be trail sicirsd.

Stock in the Company a per foaal iifiat'.

4*3 2

Stock exempted from Taxes.

Guardians to subscribe for Infants.

Executors, Ad mtnistrators, Trustees, and Mortgagees, to subscribe such Bills, cas they shall be jpofiefled of.

How Bills, C coming into her Majesty's Hands by Extent, C cr belonging to several Persons jointly, shall be pot into the Joint Stock,

Members of the Company may be Members of Parliament, and not liable to be Bankrupts, or to foreign Attachment,

C 21. Anno nono An Reginse, A.D. 1710.

a Personal, and not a Real Estate, and hall go to the Executors or Administrators of the Person or Persons dying possessed thereof, or intituled thereunto, and not to the Heirs of such Person or Persons; any Law, Statute, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Annuities or Payments issuing out of the said yearly Fund, or the Shares, Parts, or Interests of any Members of the Laid intended Company or Corporation, of and in the Principal or Capital Stock of the same, or of or in the Benefit of Trade to be annexed thereunto, in pursuance of this Actor the Stock or money to be raised for that Purpose, during the Continuance of the same, shall be and are hereby exempted from any Taxes, Rates, Assessments, or Impositions whatsoever, by Act of Parliament or otherwise.

XXXIX. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That if any Infants hall, by the Gift, Devise, or Decease of the Parent or other Relation of such Infants, become intituled to any of the said Tallies, Orders, Bills, Certificates, or Debentures, intended to be provided for by this Act, in such Case the Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees of such Infant or Infants, hall or may be, and they are hereby, empowered and required, for the Benefit of such Infant or Infants, to subscribe or put into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation to be erected, as aforesaid, all such Tallies, Orders, Bills, Certificates, or Debentures, to which such Infant or Infants hall be so intituled, and to make the Payment for such Subscription and Subscriptions in the same Bills, Orders, Certificates, or Debentures; and such Infant and Infants hall, on making ilich Subscriptions and Payment, be and be deemed and become the Contributor thereof, and the said Guardian or Guardians, Trustee or Trustees, hall be discharged from the same; anything herein contained, or any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XL. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That any Person or Persons, who, as Executor or administrator, Trustee or Mortgagee, hall be or become possessed of, interested in, or intituled unto any of the Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures intended to be provided for by this Act, hall and may, and, they are hereby required to subscribe and put such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, as they hall be so possessed of, interested in, or intituled unto, into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation; and as to Executors or Administrators, the Stock they shall be intituled to, for or by Means of such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, hall be the same Assets in their Hands, as the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, were or would have been, had they not been put into the Joint Stock of the said Company; and as to Trustees and Mortgagees, the Stock which they shall be intituled unto in the said Company, for or in respect of such Trust or mortgaged Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, which they shall so put into the Joint Stock of the said Company, shall be subject and liable to the same Trulls, and Equity of Redemption, as such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures were or would have been, had they not been so put into the Joint Stock of the said Company.

XLI. And for asmuch as several of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, or several Parts or Shares of and in some of them, have been seized or come into her Majesty's Hands by Extent or other s wife, and the other Part and Parts of the same do belong to several private Persons, several other of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, do or may belong to several Persons jhintly, which has proved and may prove very prejudicial (for want of a Method of dividing and proportioning the same) ' to the several Persons concerned therein, according to their several and respective proportionsnow therefore be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases where any of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, either for the Whole or any Part thereof, are or shall be in the Hands of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, the same shall be put into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation, in such Manner as any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being hall, by Writing under their Hand or Hands, direct; and the Stock of the said Company, which hall be had for and in lieu of such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, or Parts or Shares of such Bills, Tickets Certificates, or Debentures last mentioned, and the Produce thereof, upon Sale or otherwise, hall be applicable and applied to such use and Uses as the same Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, and such Parts and Shares thereof, hold or might have been applied, had not the same been put into the Joint Stock of the said Company; and the other Parts and Shares of such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, shall and may be put into the Joint Stock of the said Corporation, by the respective Owners and Proprietors of such other respective Parts and Shares, in his, her, or their own respective Name and Names; and they shall and may be accordingly respectively admitted into, and become Members of the said Company, for so much as their said respective Parts or Shares of or in such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, hail. unto; and that in all Cases where any of the said Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, do. or hall belong jointly to several Persons, each and every respective Person interested in, or intituled unto any. Part or Parts, Share or Shares of or in such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, shall and may subscribe or put his, her, or their respective Part or Parts, Share or Shares of and in such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, into the said Joint Stock of the said Company, in his, her, or their own respective Name or Names, and shall and may be accordingly respectively admitted into, and become Members of the said Corporation, for so much as their said respective Parts or Shares of or in such Bills, Tickets, Certificates, or Debentures, shall amount unto.

XLII. And be it enacted, That no Member of the said intended Company, to be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall, in respect of his or her being a Member, Governor, Director, or Manager thereof, or having any Stock therein only, or by reason of any other Matter or Thing in this Act contained, be disabled from being or continuing a Member of Parliament, nor shall be or be adjudged liable to be a bank rupt within the Intent or Meaning of all or any the Statutes made against or concerning Bankrupts; and that no Stock in the said intended Company hall be subject or liable to any foreign Attachment, by the Custom of the City of London, or otherwise.

XLIII

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Anna Reginae. C 21. 483

XLIII. And for the better securing the Privilege of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, coirp my not to granted to them by Parliament, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall not be lawful to or borj( Mon? for the Corporation to be erected in pursuance of this Act, to borrow, owe, or take up any Sum or Sums Demand of Motiey on their Bills or Notes payable at Demand, or at any less Time than six Months from the Bor '

rowing thereof; and that it shall not be lawful for the Corporation to be erected by virtue of this Act, to nor to discouot discount any Bills of Exchange, or other Bills or Notes whatsoever, or to keep any Books or Cash for any &c' Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate whatsoever, other than and only the proper Books, Money, and Caih of the said Corporation to be erected by virtue of this Act.

XLIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted, That the said yearly Fund hereby established, The yearly Ford shall (under the like Penalties, as aforesaid) be issued at the said Receipt of Exchequer, to the said Com to bcpaidweik pany to be erected by virtue of this Act, or to such Treasurer or Treasurers, Cashier or Cashiers, Person Ly tot!^tiea* or Persons, as shall be appointed, under the Common Seal of the said Company, to receive the same; and surer' C that the Payment thereof shall and may be made weekly, as sass as the Funds and Duties, hereby appointed for Payment thereof, shall produce Money into the Exchequer for the same, so as by such weekly or other Payments, the Whole of the Annuities, due to the said Company at the End of any one Quarter, be not exceeded.

XLV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Persons to be named Commis comm^cncts sioners, in pursuance of this Act, or any of them, shall not incur or be subject to any Incapacity, For notfobjecl V feiture, or Penalty whatsoever, for or in regard of their or ny of their being named Commissioners, or t'y lnc)1>.acfry' acting in or upon such Commission, or any ways relating thereunto (except for Breach of Trust)) bw cu" " ti. Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XLVI. And whereas it is of the greatest Consequence to the Honour and Welfare of this Kingdom,

and for the Increase of the Strength and Riches thereof, and for the Vending the Product and Manu fasture. Goods and Merchandizes of or brought into this Kingdom, and Employment of the Poor, that ' a Trade Should be carried on to the South Sms, and other Parts of America, within the Limits herein after mentioned; which cannot so securely and successfully be begun and carried on, as by a Corporation with a Joint Stock, exclusive of all others: 'Now for the better Encouragement of all and every the Person and Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who shall be or become Members of the said Company or Corporation, to be erected, as aforesaid; and to the End and Intent that a Trade to the South Seas, and other Parts of America within the Limits herein after mentioned, may be carried on and promoted, for the Advantage and Honour of this Kingdom; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Corporation The Limit of to be erected in pursuance of this Act, and their Successors, shall have and be intituled unto, and they are the company's hereby intituled unto and veiled, from the flrfl Day of Augitji one thousand seven hundred and eleven, for ever, in the foie Trade and Traffic into, unto, and from all the Kingdoms, Lands, Countries, Terri to' '

Islands, Cities, Towns, Ports, Havens, Creeks, and Places of America, on the East Side thereof, " from the River of Aranrco to the Southermcll Part of the Terra del fv.ego; and on the Well Side thereof, from the said Southermoll Part of the said Terra del Fuego, through the South Seas, to the Northermost Part of America; and into, unto, and from all Countries, Blands, and Places within the said Limits, which are reputed to belong to the Crown of Spain, or which shall hereafter be found out or discovered within tile said Limits, not exceeding three hundred Leagues from the Continent of America, between the Southermoll Part of Terra del Fuego, and the Northermost Part of America, on the Well Side thereof, (except the Kingdom of Brazil, and such other Places on the said Ealt Side of America, as are now in the actual Possession of the Crown of Portugal, and the Country of Surinam in the Possession of the states-general of thtuni.ted Provinces \) it not being intended that the foie Trade to any Part of the Eall Side of America, now in the actual Possession of the Crown of Portugal, or the states-general, shall be granted or construed to he

franted by this Act; but that it may he and remain lawful for all, and every, or any the Subjects of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to trade and traffic to any Part of the East Side of America, now in the actual Possession of the Crown of Portugal, or the states-general, (but to no other Part of America within the Limits aforesaid) as fully and freely, in all Respects, as they might or could do if this Act had not been made; any Clause, Proviso, Power, Privilege, Matter or Thing, herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

xlvil. And be it further enacted, That (he said Company to be erected in pursuance of this Act, and Non: eife to their Successors, for ever, and all and every Person and Persons, who from time to time shall be licensed by trai5ck. vv!ti, in the said Corporation, to be erected in pursuance of this Act, to trade in the Stead of them, shall and laws, n'u' fully may, for ever, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eleven, or liy such Factors, Agents, or Servants, as they shall think lit to intrust, and to and for no other Person or Persons whatsoever, freely to traffic and use the Trade of Merchandise, into, unto, and from the said South Seas, and other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid (except as aforesaid) and into, unto, and from all or any the Kingdoms, Lands, Territories, Islands, Cities, Towns, Sorts, Havens, Creeks, and Places of America, or any of them, within the Limits aforesaid (except before' excepted) where any Trade or Traffic of Merchandise is or may be used or had, and to and from every of them.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and Her for her Majesty, by her said Charter or Charters of Incorporation, to empower the f?ij Company or Cor^y pr: i, cv.cc poration, and their Successors, to make reasona olc Laws, Constitutions, Orders, and Ordinances, from ^, L time to time, for the good Government of the said Trade to the South Seas, and other the Parts within the the pocj go limits aforesaid (except before excepted) and of the Traders, Factors, Agents, Officers, and others con vemment or die cerned in the same, and to inflict reasonable Penalties and Punishments by Bnprifohments, Mulfts, Fines, Trad --, and Amerciaments, for any Breach or Breaches thereof, and to levy such Mulfts, Fines, and amcicia ments, to the Uf'c of the said Company or Corporation.

Qftiq 2

XLIX

484

Other Persons frequenting the South Sea?, forfeit Ship and Ladirg, C

Company to be foie Owners of all 1 Hands, Sorts, &c. they shall discover, &c. within their Limits

And of all Ships taken there as Prize.

Seamen afrfting to be rewarded as her Majesty by Charter shall appoint.

Company may seize by Force of Arms, British Ships trading in the South Seas.

Commanders of Ships, C not conforming to the company's Rules, incapacitated, &c.

C 21. Anno nono Anni Reginae. A.D. 1710.

XLIX. And to the end the said South Seas, or the Kingdoms, Lands, Islands, Havens, Sorts, Cities, Towns, and Places, within the Limits aforesaid, or any of them, shall not, after the said first Day of au gitft one thousand seven hundred and eleven, be visited, frequented, or haunted by any other of the Subjects of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Subjects of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of what Degree or Quality soever they be, other than the said Company or Corporation, or their Factors, Agents or Servants, or other Persons by them licensed thereunto, according to the true Meaning of this Add, shall directly or indirectly visitor frequent, trade, traffic, or adventure, into, unto, or from the said South Seas, or other the Parts within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Add, or shall hire, freight, or fit out any Ship or Ships, or lade or put on board any Ship or Ships any Goods or Merchandizes whatsoever, with Intent to haunt, frequent, traffic, trade, or adventure into, unto, or from the said South Seas, or other Parts within the Limits aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Add; every fuel: Offender and Offenders shall incur the Forfeiture and Loss of all Ships and Vessels which shall be employed in such Trade, with the Guns, Tackle, Apparel and Furniture thereunto belonging, as also all the Goods and Merchandizes laden thereupon, and all the Proceed and lffedds of the same, and also double the Value thereof, viz. one fourth Part thereof to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, one other fourth Part thereof to such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, or sue for the same, and the other two fourth Parts thereof to the Use of the Company or Corporation to be eredded in pursuance of this Act; such Forfeiture and Penalty to be recovered, with full Colls of Suit, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, in Manner as aforesaid.

L And for the better encouraging of the said Company to be erected in pursuance of this Add, to drive and carry on the Trade hereby granted to them; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Company, and their Successors, for ever, shall and may have, hold, and enjoy, to their own Use, and for the Benefit of the Members of such Company, in Proportion to their Stock, and without any Account to be rendered thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, or to any other Person or Persons whatsoever, all and every the Islands, Cities, Sorts, Towns and Places whatsoever, which the said Company, or their Factors, Agents or Servants, or other Persons, which shall be employed or licensed by them to trade, as aforesaid, or such of the Ships of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, as she or they shall think fit to grant or allow for Convoys, or otherwise, for the Defence, Security, or Carrying on the said Trade, shall discover or find out, seize or possess, in any Manner whatsoever, within the Limits aforesaid, (except before excepted) and shall he for ever the foie Owners and Proprietors of all and every such Islands, Sorts, Towns and Places, and all their Dependencies, to be held of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, in free and common Socage by Fealty, and rendering to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, the annual Rent of one Ounce of Gold for the same (if demanded) and the said Company and their successors shall and may have and hold for ever the foie Trade to all such Islands, Sorts, Towns and Places last mentioned.

LI. And be it further enacted, That the said Company to be erected in pursuance of this Act, shall and may have, hold, receive, take, and enjoy, to their own Use, and for the Benefit of the Members of such Company, in Proportion to their Stock, all and every such Ships or Vessels, and all their Guns, Ammunition, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and all such Goods, Merchandise and Bullion, Treasure and other Things, which shall be taken as Prize by the Ships, Factors, Agents or Servants, of or belonging to, or employed or licensed by the said Company, within the Limits aforesaid, or by such of the Ships of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, as she or they shall think fit to grant or allow for Convoys, or otherwise, for the Defence, Security, or carrying on the said Trade, without any Account to be rendered thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; only that the Officers and Seamen, who shall be actually on board any of the said Ships of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, which shall take, or be assisting to the taking any such Ships or Vessels, Goods or Merchandizes, as Prize, shall have, and be intituled to such Part and Share thereof, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall think fit and direct in and by the Charter of Incorporation to be granted to the said Company, and no other or greater Part or Share whatsoever; anything herein contained, or any Law, Usage, orcuf tom to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding: that it shall and may be lawful for the said Company, and their succdtors, and the Agents, Factors, Servants, and other Persons to be employed or licensed by them, to trade, as aforesaid, to seize, by force of Arms, or otherwise, the Persons, Ships, Goods, Merchandise, or other Effects, of or belonging to any of the Subjects of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, who shall haunt, frequent, traffic, trade or adventure into the said South Seas, or other the Parts or Limits aforesaid (except before excepted) contrary to the true Meaning of this Act; and to keep and detain to the Use and Uses of the said Company, and their successors, for the Benefit of the Members thereof, in Proportion to their Stock, the Ships, Goods, Merchandise, and other effects so seized, with any Account to be rendered thereof, as aforesaid, and to bring or send into Great Britain the Persons of such of the Subjects of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, as shall be so seized, in order to their being prosecuted for such Offence according to Law.

LII. And be it further enacted, That in case any of the Commanders, or other Officers of such Ships of her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, as shall be used or employed in or for the obtaining, promoting, securing or carrying on the said Trade, shall not in all Things lawful, during their being so employed, conform themselves to such Rules, Directions or Instructions, as they shall receive from the Managers or Directors of the said Company, or the major Part of them, in Writing under their Hands; every such Commander and Officer shall be for ever incapable to serve her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, in any Office or Place of Trust or Profit, and shall be liable to answer and pay to the said Company, and their Successors, double the Value of all such Loss or Damage as the said Company or their successors shall suffer or

iuflain

A.D. 1710. Anno nono anne Reginae.

C 2 T.

485

sustain by the Breach of such Orders, Directions or Instructions, to be recovered with full Costs of Suif, in any Court of Record of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, in Manner aforesaid.

LIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Persons as shall be born on board any of the Ships of War, or other Ships to be employed' in or about the said Trade, or who shall be born in any the Lands, Territories, Countries, Islands, Sorts, Cities, Towns or Places, which shall be discovered or possessed by the said Company, as aforesaid, or any of their Dependencies, shall be, and be adjudged, deemed and taken to be born within the Allegiance of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and shall be, and be deemed, and shall have and enjoy all the Privileges of the natural born Subjects of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors.

LIV. And forasmuch as the said Trade does in a great Measure depend upon the timely Dispatch from Great Britain of the Ships which shall be employed therein; ' Be it further enacted, That no Ship or Ships which shall belong to, or be hired, freighted, or employed by the said Company to beeredted, as aforesaid, or such Persons as shall be licensed by them to trade within the Limits aforesaid, shall be, or be liable to be stopped or detained by any Embargo, or other Restraint whatsoever, unlel's such Ship or Ships be particularly mentioned or named in such Embargo, or Order for Restraint.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by or in the said Letters Patents, or Charter of Incorporation, or by any other Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from time to time, to give and grant unto the said Company, to be erected, as aforesaid, such further and other Powers, Privileges, Immunities, Exemptions, and Advantages, as she or they in her or their great Wisdom shall think fit and convenient for the further and better promoting and encouraging the carrying on the said Trade hereby granted, and the maintaining and preserving the same; so always nevertheless as such Powers, Privileges, Immunities, Exemptions, and Advantages, be not contrary to the known Laws of this Realm, or the Prerogative of the Crown, or the Privileges of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

LVI. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted and declared, That upon any Importation of any Goods or Merchandizes by the said Company to be erected by virtue of this Act, and in all other Cases where Security is or shall be required to be given by the said Company to the Crown, it shall and may; be lawful for the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs, for the time being, and all other Person and Persons, who are to take such Security for the Crown, and they are hereby required, from time to time, to take such Security, by accepting and taking one or more Bond or Bonds, under the Common Seal of the said Company, as well for all such of the Customs and Duties chargeable and to be charged upon the Goods and Merchandizes so to be imported, as are bondable, and upon which Bonds have been usually given, as for all such other Matters and Things for which Security is to be given to the Crown by. the said Company. as aforesaid; Law, Statute, or Ufrge to the contrary notwithstanding.

LVII. And be it further enacted, That all Bonds or Obligations under the Common Seal of the said Company, shall charge as well the annual Fund payable to the said Company, by virtue of this Act, as the other Stock, Effects, and Estate of the said Company, for the time being; and that all Bonds or Obligations, under the Common Seal of the said Company, whereby the said Company shall oblige themselves or their Successors to pay any Sum or Sums of Money, shall beassignable at Law, by Endorsement to be made upon such Bond or Obligation under the Hand or Hands of the respective Person or Persons to whom such Money shall, in such Bond or Obligation, be made payable, his, her, or their Executors, administrators, or Assigns, and not otherwise; that such Assignment and Assignments shall vest the Property of such Bond or Obligation, and of the Money due or to be due thereupon, in the Assignee or Assignees, his, her, or their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, from and immediately after the making of such Assignment; every such Assignee or Assignees, h: s, her, or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall and may, in Failure of Payment of the Money payable upon, or by virtue of such Bond or Obligation, bring and maintain his, her, or their Action of Debt at Law against the said Company, or their Successors, for the Money which shall be due upon such Bond or Obligation, in all Respects, as if such Bond or Obligation had been originally made unto, and the Money thereon due had been made payable therein unto such Assignee and Assignees, their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns; Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding: that if any Person or Persons shall forge or counterfeit the Common Seal of the said Company, or shall forge, counterfeit, or alter any Bond or Obligation under the Common Seal of the said Company, or shall offer to dispose of or pay away any such forged, counterfeited, or altered Bond, (knowing ttie same to be such) or shall demand the Money therein contained or pretended to be due thereon, or any part thereof, of the said Company, or any of their Officers, know .1 ing such Bond or Obligation to be. forged, counterfeited, or altered) with Intent to defraud the said Company, or their Successors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever; such Person and Persons so offending, (and being convicted thereof in due Form of Law) shall be guilty of Felony, and Avail suffer. Death as a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.

LVIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That it shall not be lawful for the Company to be erected by virtue of this Act, or their Successors, Agents, or Factors, or any Person or Persons licensed by them, to proceed, fail, navigate, or go into any the Limits before mentioned, beyond the Southermost Part of Terra del Fuego, except only through the Straights of Magellan, or round Terra del Fuego, nor to go from thence into any Part of the East Indies, nor return to Great Britain, or any other Pott or Place in Europe, afa, Africa, or America, by any other Way except through the said Straights of Magellan, or by Terra del Fuego aforesaid, under the Penalties and Forfeitures to be sued for and recovered, as is herein after mentioned; and also that it shall not be lawful for the said Company, or their Successors, Agents, or Factors, or any Person or Persons liceqfed by them, to trade, traffic, or adventure in any Goods, Wares, Commodities, or Merchandizes whatsoever, of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture of the east Indies, Persia, China, or any other the Countries, Ports, or Places within the Limits granted to, or now veiled in

the.

Persons born on bo«ird any Shi; .*, nr in any Place, belonging to the Company, to be hatural boin Subject's.

No Embargo on company's Ships, unless particubrly mentioned.

Ker Majesty may grant further Powers, & Cato the Con pan by Charter.

Exception.

Officers of the Customs, cio take the company's Bonds for Cuf* C '

company's Bonds to charge their annual Fund and Stork, C and may be assigned.

Such aflkjn meat to vest the Property in tliftw Aflknee.

Felony to counterfeit company's Common Seal or Bonds,

Company not to sail beyond the Southermost Part of Terra del Fuego, or in o the Indiesj through the Straights of Magellan, or round Terra del Fuego

Not to trade la. east-india Goods, C,

2 1

Anno nono anne Regius.

A.D. 1710.

Nor to send Ships in the South Seas above 300 Leagues to the We Award of Chilli, con Forfeiture of Ships, Goods, C

the united Company of Merchants of England, trading to the east Indies, and not hereby granted or intended to be granted to the Corporation to be erected by virtue oi this Act, or with any Ships or vessels coming from the Countries or Places aforesaid, (such East India Goods, Wares, Commodities, or Merchandise, as shall be actually exported from Great Britain, and rilfo such Gold, Silver, and wrought Plate, Goods, and Commodities that are the Produce, Growth, or Manufactures of the West Indies, or Continent of America, only excepted) under the Penalties and Forfeitures to be sued for and recovered, as is herein after mentioned; and further, that It final] not be lawful for the said Company intended to be erected, as aforesaid, or their Successors, Agents, or Factors, or any Person or Persons licensed by them, to send, employ, or use any Ship, Vessel, Boat, or Bark whatsoever, within the said South Seas, from Terra del Fuego to the Northermost Part of America, above three hundred Leagues to the Westward of and distant from the Lands, Countries, and Shores of Chilli, Peru, Mexico, California, or any other the Lands and Shores of Southern or Northern America, contained between the said Terra del Fuego and the said Northermost Part of America; upon Pain and Penalty that all such Ships, Vessels, Boats, and Barks whatsoever, going in or returning from the South Seas, otherwise than as aforesaid, or sent, employed, or used, failing, proceeding, or being, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, and all the Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes on board them, together with their Guns, Tackle, Apparel, and Furniture, and likewise all the Goods, Wares, Commodities, and Merchandizes of the east Indies, Perfa, China, or other the Limits aforesaid, so traded in, as aforesaid, (except as before exempted) hail and may be seized and forfeited, and double the Value thereof hall also be forfeited by the Owners, Mailers, or Employers thereof, or Traders therein; one third Part of all which Forfeitures to be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other two third Parts thereof to the said united Company of Merchants of England trading to the east Indies; to be recovered with full Costs of Suit in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at j/'cjlmin jler, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information.

LIX. And for as much as nothing can more conduce to the Increase of the Strength and Riches of this Kingdom, and the breeding able Seamen to serve her Majesty, as well in Time of War as Peace,

than the preserving and enlarging the Fishery of this Realm Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for her Majesty, her Heirs and Succefi ors, in and by her laid. Letters Patents of Incorporation, or by any other Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to direct a Stock to consist of twenty Shillings upon every hundred Pounds of the Capital Stock of the said intended Company, to be raised by the Members thereof, in Proportion to their Stock, at such Times, and in such Manner, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, by such Letters Patents shall think fit and direct,

so as no other of her Majesty's Subjects be thereby excluded from the Fishing Trade; the said Stock to be kept apart, and always employed in the improving, enlarging, and carrying on the Fishery of this Realm, or other Fishery, for the Use and Benefit of the Members of the said Company, in Proportion to their Stock.

LX. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That no Money shall be called in from the Members of the said Corporation, to be erected in pursuance of this Act, for carrying on the Fishery, or other Trade hereby granted, but by the Order and Direction of a General Court of the said Company to be called for that Purpose, and whereof there shall be at least fourteen Days Notice in the London Gazette.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person shall be capable of being elected a Governor, Deputy governor, or Director, of the said intended Corporation, during the Time that he shall be a Governor, Deputy governor, or Director of either of the respective Corporations of the ibdffcorr1"^ank England, or of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies; and every at the same an Person who shall he elected a Governor, Deputy governor, or Director of the said intended Corporation, shall, during the Time he shall be such Governor, Deputy governor, or Director, be incapable of being rhofen a Governor, Deputy governor, or Director of either of the said respective Corporations of the Bank of England, or of the united Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies.

LXII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That it may be lawful for any three or more of the commissioner of the Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, to order and direct any of the Tickets made out for the Pay of i any Seamen, or others on board any of her Majesty's Ships, and which shall appear not to have been sold, dil pefed of, or parted with, to be paid ready Money, or to make any reasonable Advance or Allowance in Consideration of such Tickets being put or admitted into the Joint Stock of the said intended Corporation; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LXIII. And whereas by an Act made in the third and fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, An Act for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France, it is provided. That it shall and may

Stock for the Fishery to be SOS, per 1001, of the Capital Stock.

No Money to be called in for the Fishery but by a General Court, &c. Governor, C aiot to be Governor, Szc. of

Time.

Seamens Tickets not Hilposed of, may be paid in ready Money.

Si 4 Ann.

entitled.

Lawful to trade in unwrousfht LI onto spj in.

7 & S W. 3. C axe.

be lawful for Iter majesty's Subjects to trade with the Subjects of Spain, so as the said Liberty shall not be construed tq extend to permit or allow the carrying of the several Goods and Commodities therein parti cularly enumerated, among which Commodities Iron is mentioned, which by Experience is found necessary to be traded in with the Subjects of Spain be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful for any of her Majesty's Subjects to carry unwrought Iron, and trade in the same with any of the Subjects of Spain; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding

LXIV. And whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Wjl*i.iam the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, ' it was enacted, That such seamen, and others, as are therein mentioned, who should be willing to enter and register themselves for Service in the Royal Fleet or Navy, should and might, by themselves or others, e deliver in their Names, with their Ages and Places of Abode, and should be entree! and registered, as by that Act is prsferibed; and that every Seaman so registered. such a Number of them as are therein mentioned, should have from, his said Majesty - Heirs and Successors, (whether in actual Service or not) ' a yearly Bounty, oft forty Shillingsrapiece; and diverse other Benefits, Exemptions, Privileges, and, Ad

vantages

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Annj; Regina?.

C 22. 487

vantages were thereby given, or intended to be given to the Seamen and others so registered, as in the said Act is expressed: whereas by an Act made in the eighth Year of the Reign of the said late King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enforce the Act for Increase and Encouragetnent of Seamen, diverse s &9w. 3.

other Provisions are made, and Directions given touching the said registered Seamen, as by the said several C. 3-1 Acts, Relation being thereunto severally had, may more fully appear: And whereas the same Acts, or either of them, have not had the good effects, which were intended thereby for the Service of the Crown,

or for the Encouragement of Seamen, but on the contrary have occasioned much Charge, Vexation and trouble be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, intituled, An Act for the Repeal of the Increase and Encouragement of Seamen, and the said Act, intituled, An Act to enforce the al for the Increase fs^awl Encouragement of Seamen, and either of them, and all and every the Clauses, Matters, and Things in ftnns cam'n*' them, and either of them contained, so far forth only as the same do or may concern the registring Seamen, or Persons who were thereby allowed or intended to be registered, or the Seamen or Persons so registered, or the giving any Bounty Money, or other Advantages in Respect thereof, are and hall be, by Force and Virtue of this, present Act, repealed, and utterly void; anything in the said former Acts, or ei them, contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV. And whereas several Persons, (who have, since the Commencement of the said Rates or Du

upon Moneys, given, paid, or contracted for with Clerks and Apprentices, taken Clerks and Apprentices, and received and contracted for Sums of Money, with or in Respect of the taking such Clerks and Apprentices) have, through Neglect or Inadvertencey, omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties payable in that Behalf, and to have the Indentures or Contracts stamped, within the Times for those Purposes respectively limited by the Act of Parliament in that Case made, whereby such cleric s and Ap

prentices will, according to that Act, be disabled to follow or exercise the intended Trades, Professions,

or Employments, unless some further Provision be made Now for Relief of such Clerks and Apprentices, and compelling the Mailers and miftreftes duly to pay, for the future, the rates and Duties last mentioned; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the respective Rates and Clause for Re duties which have been so omitted or neglected to be paid, as aforesaid, on or before the nine and twen of Clerks, tieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, to such Person Persons, to whom the same ought to be paid according to the said former Act, and tendring to be {lamped ted to pay the such Indentures or Contracts so omitted to be stamped, on or before the five and twentieth Day of Decern Duties, and ta in the said Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven, the same Indentures or Contracts shall be have their in stamped, and shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and the Clerks or Apprentices therein named Ventures stamp hall be capable of following and exercising the respective intended Trades, profdtions, or Employments, e as fully as if the Rates or Duties so omitted to be paid, had been duly paid, and the Indentures or Contracts stamped within the respective Times in the same Act for those respective Purposes limited; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXVI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Mailer or Mistress shall Matters here hereafeer neglect to pay the said Rates or Duties last mentioned, within the respective Times herein, and after omitting, 'by the said former Act for that Purpose limited, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the same,° 01 eit5o1 every such Mailer and Mistress shall, for every such Neglect, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; the one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof with full Costs of Ste farther re suit, to such Person or Persons as shall inform and sue for the same, in any of the Courts at Westminster, latiig to for such Neglect committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or in the' Court of Exchequer in mm, 6 Cm. 1. Scotland, for any such Neglect there, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, C " Geo. Protection, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall he allowed. ca 2,

32 Geo. 2. c. 23. And concerning South Sea Company, see fartlcr 10 Ann. C 19, 26 £? 30. 12 Ann. fiat. 2. C 9. 1 Geo. 1. fiat. 2. C 21. 3 Geo. 1. c. 9.

5 Geo. 1. c. 19. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4 11. 7 Geo. 1. c. 5. 7 Geo. J. fiat. 2. 8 Geo. 1. c. 20, 21 & 22.9 Geo. 1. c. 6. 1 Geo. 2. c. 8. 3 Geo. 2. c. 1(1 f 20.

Geo. 2. c. 5. 5 Geo. 2. c. 17. C Geo. 2. c. 25 g3 28* 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34. 10 Geo. 2. c. 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3. Jeer, 60.. 24 Geo. 2

C 2 Of 11. 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

CAP. XXII.

An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals for building fifty New Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned.

MOST gracious Sovereign f We your majesty's most 'dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of 8 arne.

Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being zealous to provide such Supplies as may enable your9dm. C t. Majesty to pursue your pious and gracious Intentions to increase the Number of Churches in or near the populous Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, for the better Instruction of all Persons inhabiting or who hall inhabit in the several Parishes wherein the same shall be built, in the true Christian Religion as it is now professed in the Church of England, and established by the Laws of this Realm, do most humbly present to your Majesty the several Impositions, Rates, and Duties herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the queen's most Excellent Ma by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That for all Sorts of Coals and Culm. Duty upon Coals which, from and after the fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the from 14 May nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, hall be imported and 17>6-to Sept, brought into the Port of the City of London, or the River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City7*4* upon the same River, there shall be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, by way of Imposition thereupon, over and besides all other Impositions, Duties, according to the Rates hereafter mentioned,

From 14 May716. to 19 Sept. 1716.

c03 [s to pay 2 s. per Chalder or Tun. See I Geo. 2. fiat.

C 3. 3.

and after 28 Sept. 1716.. to 28 Sept. 1724. ?s, per Chalder or Tun.

See 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 23.

& 5 Geo. 1. c. 9« 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. 23 Geo. 1. C xj, L Geo. 2. c. 8.

The Money to 'be paid into the Exchequer, and appropriated for building 50 New Churches, C

Fifty New. Churches, whereof Greenwich to be neto be erected. Chasels already erected, if lit, to be converted Into Parish Churches.

Her Majesty, by Letters Patent, to nominate Commissioners.

Sts further 12 Ann. fiat, 1. C

C 22. Anno nono Ann: Reginae. A.D. 1710.

that is to say, from and after the said fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, for all such Sorts of Coals and Culm as are usually ibid by the Chalder, for every Chalder thereof, containing thirty-six Bushels Winchejlr Measure, the Sum of two Shillings; and for such Sort of Coals as are sold by the Tun, for every Tun thereof, containing twenty hundred Weight, the Sum of two Shillings; and from and after the eight and and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, and before the eight and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twenty-four, there shall be paid for every such said Chalder of Coals and Culm and 'Fun of Coals, the Sum of three Shillings; which said Sum of two Shillings for the first Part of the said Term, and three Shillings for the Remainder thereof, for every caal tler of Coals and Culm and Tun of Coals, shall, from time to time, during the full Term first before mentioned, be raised, levied, collected, and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in the same Manner, Method, and Form, and at such Places, and by such Rules, Ways, and Means, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as are mentioned, expressed, or referred unto, in and by any Act, Law, or Statute, Acts, Laws, or Statutes now in Force for raising, levying, collecting, or answering any other Duty cr Duties now payable to her Majesty for or upon upon any Coals or Culm whatsoever imported or brought Coastwise into the said Port of London; and that all and every the Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Disabilities, Articles, Rules, and Clauses, in the same Acts, Laws, and Statutes, or any of them, mentioned or contained (except such and so much of them for and concerning which it is otherwise provided in this present Act) shall be of such Force and Effect, to all Intents and Purposes, for the raising, levying, collecting, and answering the Impositions hereby granted, for and during the said Term and Terms herein before limited, as if the farne were particularly and at large set down and enacted by this Act.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Sum and Sums of Money, which final 1 be raised, collected, and levied, by Virtue of this Act (the necessary Charges of raising, managing, and accounting for the same always excepted) shall, from time to time, be brought and paid into the Receipt of Exchequer, and by Force and Virtue of this Act, are and shall be appropriated, issued, applied, and disposed, for the Building of fifty New Churches of Stone and other proper Materials, with I owers or Steeples to each of them; and for purchasing of Sites of Churches and churchyards, and burying places, in or near the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof; and for making such Chapels Churches as are already built, and capable thereof, Parish Churches, and for purchasing Houses for the fiabitations of the.ministers of the said Churches, and for applying the Sum of four thousand Pounds per Annum out of the said Duties and Impositions, towards the repairing and finishing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter ipejhninster, and the Chapels of the same; and also for applying the Sum of six thousand Pounds per Annum out of the said Duties and Impositions arising by this Act, towards the finishing green which Hospital, and the Chapel thereunto belonging, and to or for none other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever.

III. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be erected and built, of Stone and other proper Materials, fifty Churches, with Towers or Steeples to each of them, whereof one shall be erected in the Parish of East Greenwich in the County of Kent.

IV. And whereas in several Parishes in or near the said Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, there are some Chapels erected by weil difpcfed Persons at their own Charge, for the publick Worship of God, as established in the Church of England, which are fit to be converted into Parish and to have Districts or Bounds of Parishes allotted and assigned to each of them; but feve

ral of them being built upon Terms for Years, under certain Ground Rents, and therefore are not con

and there being several Deficiencies in their Constitutions, which are necessary in a Parish Church Be it therefore declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the said Chapels as are fit or proper, may be made Parish Churches.

V. And to the end the said New Churches, so to be erected, may be more conveniently situated, and the said Chapels, that are fit for Parish Churches, may be accommodated and provided with all Things northeast ceitary for those residing in the said Parishes, who stand most in need thereof; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for her Majesty, by letters Patents, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, constitute, and appoint such Persons as her Majesty shall think fit to be Commissioners for the Purposes herein after mentioned; which said Commissioners, or such or so many of them as shall - the said Commission, be authorised, shall, within twenty Days after they shall be so constituted, as aforesaid, meet, and so, from time to time, as often as there shall be Occasion, with or without Adjournments, and shall inquire and inform themselves in what Parishes the said New Churches, 'except that for Greenwich, are most necessary to be built, and of proper Places for the Sites of the said respective New Churches, and also a Cemetery, or churchyard, for each of the said Churches, for the Burial of Christian People, to be purchased; also which of the said Chapels are fit to be made Parish Churches; and shall ascertairi the several Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Bounds and Limits which in their Judgement or Opinion may be fit to be made distinct Parishes, and to inquire and inform themselves by the best Means they can, of the Value of such Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Interests therein, which the said Commissioners, or such or lo many of them as shall be authorised, as aforesaid, shall think necessary to be purchased for the said Sites and Cemeteries, and for Houses for the Habitations of the respective Ministers; and the said of, or such or so many of them as shall be authorised, as aforesaid, shall, on or before the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, report or certify to her Majesty in Writing, under their Hands and Seals, such Matters and Things as shall appear to them, upon their Inquiries aforesaid, with their Opinions thereupon, and present a Duplicate of such Report or Certificate to each of the two Houses of Parliament, to the end such further Directions may be given thereupon, as may be pursuant to her Majesty's pious Intentions in the Premises.

Anno nono Anna Regina.

489

VI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from time to time, to direct the Officers at the Receipt of Exchequer to receive by Way of Loan, from any Person or Persons willing to make the same upon Credit of this Act, such Sum and Sums of Money as her majesty, her Heirs and Successors sit all, from time to time, or at any Time or Times, think necessary, for the Beginning, carrying on, or effecting all or any the Services by this Act intended, and to allow filtered after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum., for the Forbearance thereof; and that the Money solent shall not be taxed or assessed by any Act of Parliament whatsoever; and that such Lenders shall have Tallies of Loan, and Orders for their Repayment, with such Interest, as aforesaid, out of the Duties granted by this Act, the Principal to be paid in Course, according to the respective Dates of the Tallies, and the Interest every three Months till the Repayment of the Principal; and that no See or Reward shall be demanded or taken of any her Majesty's Subjects, in or for the Payment thereof; and that the Moiiey of the said Duties shall be liable to satisfy such Orders accordingly, without being diverted from the same to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose, upon Pain of forfeiting Treble Damages, and Full Coils, to the Party grieved by the Party offending; and that such Orders shall be assignable by Endoi fements thereupon, according to the Course in such Cales used in the Exchequer.

VII. Provided always, That such Sums as at any Time or Times before the said fourteenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall become due for Interest of Money to be lent upon this Act, shall and may be satisfied as the said Interest shall, from time to time, become due, out of any Moneys whatsoever, which shall come into the Exchequer by Way of Loan, on the Credit aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VIII. Provided, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not extend, or be condrued to extend, during the Continuance of this Act, to charge or lay any of the Duties or Impositions hereby imposed upon such Coals (not exceeding one hundred Chalders by the Year) as hall be brought into the Port of London, from Newcastle upon Tine, or any other Place, for the only Use and Service of the Royal hospital at Chelsea; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

[IX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament of the eighth Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for complicating the building and adorning the Cathedral Church of Saint Paul, ' London, and for repairing the Collegiate Church of Saint Peter, Westminster, it was (among other Things) ' enacted, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand six hundred and ninety seven, the annual Stipend or Allowance to the Person who was or should be Supervisor or Surveyor General of the Building of the said Cathedral Church of Saint paul's should be paid in the Manner and Proportions following, that is to say, one Moiety thereof yearly, and the other Moiety in one entire Sum, within Six Months after the finishing the said Cathedral churchit is hereby declared, That the said Cathedral Church, so far as by the said Act was required to be done and performed by the said Surveyor General, is finithed; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said suspended Salary shall be paid to the said Surveyor, on or before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and that all other Handing Salaries to any Officers employed only for the carrying on or finishing the said Building, shall, from the said five and twentieth Day of December, cease and determine. [This Act is explained by 10 Armas, C 11. 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 23. 4 Geo. 1. c. 14. 5 Geo. ic. 9.]

Money to be borrowed ar 6l. percent. tax free.

Interest. doe before 14 May 1716. how to be satisfied.

io Chalders per Annum for Chelsea hospital, not chargeable.

cermng Duties on coj/s, Cfr. 10 Anru C 1 1. C 192s.

Ann. flat. 2, C 9. 5 Geo. 1. C9§? 19. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. 13 Geo. X r. 21. 22 Geo. %. C

CAP. XXIII.

g &9w.

C 14.

The Surveyor General of St. Paul's, his fuf pe nded Salary to be paid by 2$ Dec. 17j 1, and other standing Salaries to cease. Sec farther con 37. 30 gco. 2*

An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, and for securing thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Pod Office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two Years, to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; your majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the See io yfm, (.

Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, being desirous to raise the necessary Supplies 34.- r for enabling your Majesty to carry on the present War, and for other your majesty's frequent Occasions, have therefore given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the several revenues. Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money herein after mentioned, and do beseech your Majesty, that its, may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Sue - Her Majesty to cessors, under the Great Seal of Great Britain, from time to time, to nominate, authorise, and appoint, apro; it com any Person or Persons, not exceeding five in Number at any one Time, to be Commissioners for regula ting and licensing, from time to time, all Hackney Coaches, which from and after the four and twentieth nev Cofchesln" Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, at any Time or Times with London, ic. in or during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, shall be permitted to be driven for Hire, or kept, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, in such Vol. IV R r r, Manner

Commissioners to licence So such Coaches, from 24 June 3715. for 32 Years; made perpetual by 3 Geo. ic. §.1. i5 Geo. 2. c. 26. 3 3 2- 2s

at 5 s. per Week, payable monthly

And 200 Hackney Chairs; made perpetual by 3 Geo. t.

1. 7. §. 1. roo more may le licensed by o Annee, C 19.

158. and the Widows of Hackney Chairmen are provided for by 12 Anns, flat. 1. C 14.

ily 12 Geo. i

12. §. 15.

100 more may be licensed, at 10s. per Annum, payable' quarterly. Driving Coach without Licence, forfeits 5i,

or carrying such Chair, forfeits 40 s.

Coach Horses to be 14 Hands high.

Coaches, C to bae Figures,

Ancient Coachmen, C to be sir ft licensed.

Commissioners not to license above co Coaches, and 2.00 Chairs.

C 23. Anno nono Ann Regina. A.D. 1710.

Manner as is herein after directed; which said Commissioners to be appointed, as aforesaid, shall], from time to time, put in Execution the several Powers and Authorities herein after mentioned by such Commissioners to be done, executed, or performed.

II. And be it further enacted, That the Commissioners which shall be so appointed, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby empowered and required, under their Hands and Seals, or under the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, from time to time, to licence all such Persons, who from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, at any Time or Times within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, shall drive or keep any Hackney Coach or Coach Horses within the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and the Number of all Hackney Coaches so to be licensed, shall not, at any one Time, within or during the said Term, exceed eight hundred; and upon every of the said Licences, there shall be reserved and made payable unto her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, the Weekly Sum of five Shillings of lawful Money olgrcat Britain, to be paid monthly from the Commencement of every such Licence, during the Continuance thereof respectively without any Deduction or Abatement for any Matter, Cause, or Thing whatsoever, with such Covenants, Conditions, and Provisoes therein to be inserted, for the more effectual Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, in their Discretions, shall think fit.

III. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches now being, and the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the time being, or the major Part of them, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby empowered and required, under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them, to licence all such Hackney Chairs, which from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, shall be kept and used for Hire, within the said Cities of London and jveji minjrer, and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality; and that the Number of all such Chairs so to be licensed, shall not at any one Time, within or during the Term last mentioned, exceed two hundred; and upon every one of the said Licences, so to be granted, for keeping and using for Hire an Hackney Chair, there shall be reserved and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the annual Sum of ten Shillings of lawful Money of Great Britain, to be paid quarterly, at the four moll usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, during the Continuance of every such Licence for a Chair, with such Covenants, Provisoes, and Conditions, for the more effectual Payment thereof, as the said Commissioners, in their Discretions, shall think fit and reasonable; the first of the said quarterly Payments to begin and to be made at such of the said Feast Days as shall next happen after the granting of every such Licence for a Chair respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted, That from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fifteen, during the said Term of two and thirty Years from thence next ensuing, no Person or Persons shall presume to drive, or let to Hire, by the Hour or Day, or otherwise, any Hackney Coach, or Coach Horses, within the Cities of London or Westminstery or Suburbs of the same, or within the Parishes or Places comprised within the Bills of Mortality, without such Leave or Licence first obtained from the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, upon Pain to forfeit^for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds; and that from and after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the said Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing, no Person or Persons shall] presume to carry for Hire, in any Hackney or common Chair, any Person or Persons whatsoever, within the Cities of London or Westminster, or the Suburbs of the same, or within any of the Parishes or Places comprised within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, without such Licence to be first obtained for so doing from the said Commissioners, as aforesaid, upon Pain to forfeit, for every inch Offence, the Sum of forty Shillings; and that no Horse, Gelding, or Mare, to be used with any Hackney Coach, shall be under the Size of fourteen Hands high, according to the Standard; and that every Coach and Chair respectively, so licensed, shall have a Mark of distinction, by Figure or otherwise, as the said Commissioners shall think fit, and the said Mark shall be placed on each bide of every such Coach and Chair respectively, in the most convenient Manner to be taken Notice of, to the end that they may be known, if any Complaints shall be made of them; and that if any Person shall be licensed to keep more than one Hackney Coach, or more than one Hackney Chair at the same Time, every one of them shall! have several Figures or Marks of distinction, in the same Manner as if they did belong to several Persons; and that no Person shall put the same Figure or Mark of dillin&ion upon his Coach or Chair that is appointed for any other Coach or Chair, or shall blot out, obliterate, alter, or deface the Figure or Mark of Distinction appointed by the said Commissioners for his Coach or Chair, under the Forfeiture of five Pounds for every of the Offences last mentioned; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Informer, and the

other Moiety to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing Coaches and Chairs, are hereby required, in the first Place, to licence all such Persons as have been ancient Coachmen, or ancient Chairmen, or the Widows of any of them, unless they shall neglect or refuse to take such Licences upon the respective Terms hereby allowed, within a reasonable Time to be limited by the said Commissioners, not less than twenty Days.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Commissioner so appointed, shall grant Licences for more than the Number of eight hundred Hackney Coaches, or two hundred Chairs, to be in being at any one and the same Time, he shall forfeit, for every such Offence, one hundred Pounds, to be prosecuted and recovered by any Person who will sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at ivejimht/ier, in which no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be granted or allowed.

A.D. 1710. Anno nono anne Regina?. C 23. 491

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Hackney Coachman so to be licensed Rates of hack in pursuance of this Act, nor the Driver of such Coach, shall presume to take for his Hite, inane about nty Coachts. the Cities of London and Westminster, or within ten Miles thereof, above the Rates of ten Shillings for; t

Day, reckoning twelve Hours to the Day, and by the Hour not above eighteen Pence for the first Hour, and twelve Pence for every Hour after; and that no Gentleman or other Person shall pay from any of the Inns of Court or thereabouts, to any Part of St. 'james's, or City of Westminster, (except beyond Tattle Street) above twelve Pence; and the same Prices from the same Places to the Inns of Court, or Places thereabouts; and from any of the Paid Inns of Court, or thereabouts, to the Royal Exchange, twelve Pence; and if to the Tower of London, or Bishopsgate Street, or Aldgate, or thereabouts, one Shilling and sixpence; and so from the same Places to the said Inns of Court, as aforesaid; and the like Rates from and to any Place at the like Distance with the Places before mentioned.

VII. Provided always, That no Gentleman or other Person shall be obliged to pay above twelve Pence for the Use of an Hackney Coach for any Difiance, (not particularly set down in this Act) so as the same do not exceed one Mile and four Furlongs; and that no Gentleman or other Person shall be obliged to pay above one Shilling and sixpence for the Use of an Hackney Coach for any Distance, (not particularly set down in this Act) being above one Mile and four Furlongs, and not exceeding two Miles; and that the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall cause to be admeasured, and published in Writing to be fixed at the Royal Exchange in London, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, the several Distances between the most noted Places within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills, (not particularly set down in this Act) according to which the said Rates of twelve Pence, and one Shilling and sixpence respectively ought to be paid, as aforesaid.

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever shall be obliged Rates ofchair to pay to the Chairmen for an Hackney Chair carried any Distance within the Limits aforesaid, more than men'

the Rate by this Act allowable for an Hackney Coach driven two third Parts of the same Distance; and that the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall cause to be admeasured, and published in Writing, to be affixed, as aforesaid, on or before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, the several Rates allowable by this Act to Chairmen, as aforesaid, for their Carriage to and from the most noted Places where such Chairs are commonly used in the City and Limits aforesaid; if any Hackney Coachman or Chairman shall refuse to go at, or shall exact more for his Hire than the several Rates hereby limited, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Shillings.

IX. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners shall appoint such other Officer or Officers Commissioners under them, as they shall find necessary for carrying on the said Service, with such moderate Allowances to appoint Unas shall bethought fit; and the said Commissioners, and other Officers under them, and every of them, Officers, are hereby required not to take or demand, directly or indirectly, of any Person for their Licences, any

Sum of Money, or other Gratuity or Consideration whatsoever, other than what is herein directed to be paid to her Majesty, nor to take or demand any Fee or Reward from any Person or Persons, for anything by them to be done in Execution of their respective Offices or Employments, dher than from her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, upon Pain to forfeit, for every such Offence, their respective Offices and Employments, and to be incapable of any Grant thereof, or of any other Office; except only that it shall be Clerks to have lawful for the Clerks, for their Pains in writing and ingrossing each Licence, to have and receive the Sum S f for of two Shillings and sixpence, and no more. each 1'icence'

X. And be it further enacted, That the said Commissioners for licensing Hackney Coaches and Chairs, Commissioners and every of them, and every Officer to be appointed under them, shall before two or more of the said and officers to Commissioners take an Oath for the due and faithful Execution of their Offices and Employments; and be 'worj! that no Person or Persons shall be capable of intermeddling with the Execution of the Powers and Authorities by this Act granted, and any of them, other than the Power of administering the aforesaid Oath to

their fellow Commissioners, until they shall have taken the said Oaths, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Sums of Money, Rents and Re Commissioners

venues by this Act arising, over and above what shall be sufficient for Salaries and other incident Charges to pay into the

for collecting or managing the same, shall, from time to time, be paid by the said Commissioners, or such el ": bc luerj and

other Person or Persons as shall be appointed by her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, or by the Commission "* annu" rers of the Treasury, or Lord Treasurer for the time being, to receive the same, into the Receipt of the' Exchequer; and the said Commissioners shall, upon Oath, deliver Books of Accounts fairly written, containing all the Licences granted, and the Names and Surnames of the respective Persons, to whom such

Licences are granted, and the Rents and Profits thereby accrued, unto the Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Tmafurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, once in every year, or oft ner, if required.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the said Weekly and other Rents Rent, penai. and Sums of Money, to be reserved or payable, as aforesaid, for the said Licences respectively, and all Fortins, chow t feitures and Penalties that shall grow due or payable by virtue of this Actor Breach of any Orders or By -- Ulevied.

Laws that shall be made by the said Commissioners, in Pursuance of the authority to them given by this Act for that Purpose, (the said Penalties and Forfeitures to be incurred by the said Commissioners themselves, or any of them, excepted) shall he levied by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Offender or Offenders, by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, which shall be sold within ten Days, and the Overplus shall be returned to the Owner, the Charges of making and selling the Distress being first deducted and allowed, together with the Charge of the War', rant for the Distress, if upon seven Days Notice they do not pay the Fines and Penalties incurred, without such Warrant; and in Default of Distress for any such line. Penalty or Forfeiture, as aforesaid, except before excepted, the Offenders neglecting or refusing to pay the same, shall by Warrant under the Hands and Seals of the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, be committed to Prison, there

R r r 2 to

2 C 2 j

Anno nono Anna Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

Offences to be heard in a fuurinary Way by the Commissioners.

Persons sued, may plead the General issue, C

No Certiorari.

Commissioners may make Bylaws,

By 1 Geo. 1. Stjat. 2, C 57,

§. 1. Renters of Licences, and Drivers of Coaches are bound by the Commissioners Bylaws.

Bylaws to be approved by Lord Chancellor, &c. and executed by Justices of Peace, C

"The Queen's Part of Penalties to be transmitted 10 the receiver-general of these Duties.

On mi/behavi our, Commissioners may revoke coachman's Licence, C

Coachmen, C may ply on the lord's Day,

29 Car. 2. 0. 7.

to continue without Bail or Mainprize, till he, she, or they have paid such Fine or Forfeiture, or Penalty, as was due from him, her, or them; and in case any such Weekly or other Rent or Payment for any Hackney Coach or Chair, as aforesaid, shall he behind and unpaid for the Space of fourteen Days, after the same shall become due, and ought to be paid, as aforesaid, in every such Case it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners for regulating and licensing the said Coaches and Chairs, or the major Part of them, for the time being, (without any Demand to be first made of the said Arrear) to revoke and countermand the Licence upon which such Arrears hall be incurred, and instead thereof to License any other Hackney Coachman or Chairman in the Manner by this Act prescribed; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII. And be it further enacted, That all the Offences against this Act, or anything therein contained, (other than the Offences of the Commissioners themselves) shall be heard and determined in a summary Way by the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witnesses, (the Party accused being summoned to make his Defence.) or upon Confession of the Party offending; and one Moiety of all the Forfeitures and Penalties to be incurred by this Act, shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Informer.

XIV. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in pursuance of this Act, he or they shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act in Evidence for his Defence; and if upon a Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or Judgement shall be given against the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs upon Demurrer, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs be nonsuited, discontinue or forbear prosecuting their said Actions, then such Defendant and Defendants shall have Double Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Costs he shall have such Remedy as in other Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

XV. Provided also, and be it enacted, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersede Execution, or other Proceeding upon any Order or Orders made by the said Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, but that Execution and other Proceedings shall and may be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs or Allowance thereof notwithstanding.

XVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better regulating and ordering such Persons who shall be licensed to keep Hackney Coaches or Chairs, as aforesaid, and to prevent any Disturbances, and other Inconveniences in the Streets and Highways, where such Coaches or Chairs shall stand or be driven, or such Chairs shall landor be carried, and for punishing thereof; it shall and may be lawful for the said Commissioners, or the mayor Part of them, from time to time, to make such Orders, Bylaws and Ordinances to bind such Persons only, who shall have Licences to keep Hackney Coaches or Chairs, and to annex such reasonable Penalties and Forfeitures for the Breach thereof, as to them in their Discretions shall seem fit, so as such Orders, Bylaws, or Ordinances be made agreeable to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, and be for the better putting in Execution thereof, and for the good Government and Regulation of the Persons licensed to keep Coaches and Chairs, and so as they do not contain anything repugnant to the Laws of the Realm.

XVII. Provided nevertheless, and it is enacted, That such Rules, Orders, and Bylaws, so to be made by the said Commissioners, shall be allowed and approved by the Lord Chancellor, Lord Keeper, or Lords Commissioners of the Great Seal of Great Britain for the time being, and the Chief Justice of either Bench, and the Lord Chief Baron of the Exchequer, or any three of them; and after such Allowance the same shall be printed and made public; and the Breach of any of the Rules and Orders appointed by this Act, and the Penalties thereupon, and the Rules, Orders and Bylaws to be made by the said Commissioners, and allowed, as aforesaid, and the Forfeitures and Penalties thereupon, shall be punishable, and inflicted, and put in Execution, by any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Magistrate of the Coupty, City, or Place where such Offence shall be committed, in as full and ample Manner as the said Commissioners, hereby to be appointed, might do the same, and as if the said Bylaws, Rules, and Orders were particularly inferred in this present act; but no person shall be twice punished for the same Offence.

XVIII. Provided always, That all Penalties which shall be levied by any Justice of the Peace, Mayor, Bailiff, or other Magistrate, in pursuance of this Act, 'or any Bylaws to be made, as aforesaid, or "the queen's Part of the same, shall, from time to time, be transmitted by them to the receiver-general of the said Revenues arising by Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and a Certificate thereof to the said Commissioners for licensing and regulating the same, from time to time, within ten Days after the levying any such Penalties, upon Pain of forfeiting double the Value of the Sum which should be so transmitted and certified, that is to say, two Third Parts thereof to the Use of the Queen, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Third Part to him or them that will inform or sue for the same.

XIX. And for the better preventing the Misbehaviour of any Coachman or Chairman, to be licensed in pursuance of this Act, it is hereby [declared and enacted, That upon Complaint of any Gentleman, or other Person, the said Commissioners for granting Licences pursuant to this Act, or the major Part of them, shall and may summon the Coachman and Chairman respectively, to answer the said Complaint; and upon his or their being heard, or making Default of Appearance, shall and may (in case they see Canfe) revoke the Licence of such Coachman or Chairman, for such Misbehaviour, in giving abusive Language, or otherwise, and License another Coachman or other Chairman in his Stead.

XX. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King

Charles the Second, and other Acts formerly made for the better Observation of the lord's Day,

commonly called Sunday, the Handing to hire, and driving Hackney Coaches, and the Handing to hire,

and carrying of Chairs, on the lord's Day, are or may be understood to be forbidden or restrained: "'whereas the said Restraint is many Times found inconvenient, as well in order to the Observation of the

4 ' Da",

493

Anno nono Ann Reginae.

C 23.

Day, as otherwise Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Licensed Hackney Coachman, or his Driver, or any Chairmen, to ply and stand with their Coaches and Chairs, and to drive and carry the same, respectively, on the lord's Day, within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality; the said former Act, or any of them, or any Construddion thereupon to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXI. And it is hereby further enacted That an Account of the Profits and Duties arising by virtue of Account an this Act, by licensing Coaches and Chairs, shall every Year during the Continuance thereof, be made Up nuai before the before the Auditors of the Imprefts. Actors.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall refuse or neglect to paj any Coachman or Chairmen the Money justly due to him or them for carrying in his or coachiren^&c. their Coach or Chair, or shall wilfully cut, deface, or break any such Coach or Chair, it shall and may be and others' sa lawful to and for any Justice of the Peace where such Refusal shall be made, or Damage done, upon Com fcrtkcr cokcem plaint thereof, to grant a Warrant to bring before him the Person against whom such Complaint shall be »"* Coacha and made, and upon Proof made upon Oath, (which such Justice hath hereby Power to administer) to award reasonable Satisfaction to the Party grieved for his Damage and Costs, and upon p.efufal to pay or make such Satisfaction, to bind over the Party refusing to the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace to be r.14. I Get. L held for the City or County where the Offence shall be committed; and the Justices in such Quarter sef 057. izgco.u fions have hereby Power finally to hear and determine the Matter of the said Complaint and to award iz 2og/o.z. Satisfaction to the Party grieved, and for nonpayment to levy the same by Distress upon his Goods and g 2°

Chattels.

33 Geo. 2. c. 25.

XXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be throughout the King Duties on dpm of Great Britain raised, levied, ccliedted and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and stamped Vellum, Successors, for the several and respective Things herein after mentioned, which shall he ingrafted, printed s. C

or written, the several and rfefpebtive Rates, Duties, Charges and Sums of Money herein after expressed, Made perpetual in Manner following; that is to say, c. 7 1'

For every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed Drawbacks on: or written any Certificate or Debenture for drawing back any Customs or Duties, or any Part of any Customs re hipping. or Duties, for or in respect of the re shipping or exporting of anyg00dsormcrchandi7.es, which at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of Augbjl in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall be exported, or shipped to be exported from Great Britain, for any Parts beyond the Seas, to be paid by the Person for whose Benefit, or at whose Instance such Debenture or Certificate shall be obtained, the Sum of eight Pence.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be ingossed or Bills of tiding, written any Note or Bill of Lading, which shall be signed for any Goods or Merchandizes to be exported at any Time or Times within or during the Term last mentioned, the Sum of fourpence.

For every Almanac or Calendar for any one particular Year, or for any Time less than a Year, which Sheet Alma shall, (within or during the same Term) be printed on one Side only of any one Sheet or Piece of Paper nack?* only the Sum of one Penny.

For every other Almanac or Calendar, for any one particular Year, which shall be printed within or du Other Alma' ring the said Term, the Sum of twopence. nacks.

Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Almanac or Almanacs for r Calendar shall, during the Term last mentioned, be made to serve for several Years, that then the respectseveral Years, tive Rates aforesaid shall be paid for every such Year.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall, at any Time or Licence for re. Times within or during the Term last mentioned, be ingossed or written any Licence for retailing of tailing wine. Wine, the Sum of four Shillings.

For every Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which shall (during the same Licence for soil. Term) be ingossed or written any Licence for selling of Ale, Beer, or other exciseable Liquors by Retail, ins Ale by the Sum of one Shilling. °6°'suchlu

<*cence is lo be

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual before the levying, collecting, and paying unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the said several Duties hereby ^jjc°jo!jtance 1s granted and made payable for or in respect of the said Certificates, Debentures, Bills or Notes of Lading, of Almanacs, and Licences, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Com of the Stamps missioners for the time being, appointed to manage the Duties payable to her Majesty, her fleirs and sue to manage these cefiors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who, or the major Part of, them, are hereby Duties, required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause all such further new Stamps to be provided to denote the Duties last mentioned, as shall he requisite; to do New Stamps to all other Things necessary to be by them done for the putting this Act in due Execution with relation to be provided, these Duties.

XXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That, all Vellum, Parchment and Vellum, C toi Paper, upon which any such Certificate, Debenture, Bill or Note of Lading, Almanac or Licence, 'as be stampej be. aforesaid, shall, from and after the said first Day of Augptjl one thousand seven hundred and eleven, be ingrafted, fore wnttca written or printed, shall before such Ingrolfing, Writing, or Printing, be brought to the Head Office for "pun' stumping or marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and the said Commissioners, by themselves, or by

their Officers employed under them, 'shall, and they are hereby empowered. and required, forthwith, upon

Demand to them made by any Person or Persons, from time to time, to stamp. or mark, as this Abi'directs, any Quantities or Parcels of vellum, Parchment orpaper, he or they paying to the Receiver Ge

Anno nono Anni Regins.

A.D. 1710.

Only one Sheet of an Almanac to be flaropt.

Penalty on Writing:, before Paper, &c. is stamped.

No Certificate, &c. not stamped, good, till 5l. and Stamp-duty paid.

Officers may inspect public Books, &c.

Commissioners, C to be sworn:

Their Oath.

neral of the Stamp Duties for the time being, or to his Deputy or Clerk, the respective Duties payable for the same by this Act, without any other See or Reward, and without Delay; which Stamp or Mark, to be put thereupon in pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the several and respective Duties hereby payable for the said Vellum, Parchment or Paper, which shall be so stamped or marked.

XXVI. Provided always, That where any Almanac shall contain more than one Sheet of Paper, it shall be sufficient to stamp only one of the Sheets or Pieces of Paper upon which such Almanac shall be printed, and to pay the find Duty accordingly.

xxvfl. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Officer of the Customs shall, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eleven, at any Time within or during the Term last mentioned, sign any such Certificate or Debenture, as aforesaid, not appearing to have been first duly stamped according to Law; or if any other Person shall, from and after that Day, write, ingross, or print, or cause to be written, ingrafted, or printed, any such Certificate, Debenture, or Note or Bill of Lading, Licence, or Almanac, as aforesaid, or sign such Bill or Note of Lading, or sell or expose to Sale any such Almanac, before the Vellum, Parchment or Paper, whereupon such Certificate, Debenture, Bill or Note of Lading, Licence, or Almanac, shall be respectively ingrafted, written or printed, shall appear to have been so duly stamped; then every such Officer or Person so offending in any of the Particulars before mentioned, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, together with Full Coifs of Suit; and every such Officer of the Customs offending herein, and being con viisfed of any such Offence, shall (over and besides the Forfeiture of Penalty aforesaid) forfeit and lose his Office and Employment, and be incapable to hold the same; and that if any such Certificate, Debenture, Bill or Note of Lading, or Licence, as aforesaid, shall, during the Term last mentioned, be written or ingrafted contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not appearing to have been duly stamped according to Law, that then, and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered, and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors (over and above the Duties hereby due or payable) for every such Certificate, Bill or Note of Lading, and Licence respectively, the Sum of five Pounds; and that no such Certificate, Debenture, Bill or Note of Lading, or Licence, shall be available in Law, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as well the said Duties hereby charged, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the same, under the Hand of the receiver-general, for the time being, of the Stamp Duties, or of his Deputy or Clerk, and until the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Certificate, Debenture, Bill or Note of Lading, or Licence, is so written or ingrafted, shall be marked or stamped, according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof; and the said receiver-general, and his Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duty, payable by virtue hereof, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, to give a Receipt for such Money; and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark and statnp such Certificate, Debenture, Bill, Note, or Licence, with the proper Marks and Stamps requisite in that Behalf.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all public Officers who ball, from time to time, have in their Custody, any of the said Debentures, or any public Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets, or Proceedings, the Sight or Knowledge whereof may tend to the securing of these or any her Majesty's Stamp Duties, or to the Proof or Discovery of any Fraud or Omission in relation thereto, or to any of them, shall at any seasonable Time or Times, permit any Officer or Officers thereunto authorised by the Commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage those Duties, or the major Part of them, to inspeel and view all such Books, Files, Records, Remembrances, Dockets, and Proceedings, as aforesaid - to take thereout such Notes and Memoranda as shall be necessary for the purposes last mentioned, without Fee or Reward, upon Pain that such Clerk or other Officer or Officers, who shall refuse or neglect so to do, upon reasonable Request in that Behalf made, shall, for every such Refusal and Neglect, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds with full Costs of Suit.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner and Officer, who shall at in or about the managing or collecting the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, shall, before he shall act in or about the same, take the Oath following, that is to say,

I

Commissioners to observe the Orders of the Treasury.

No See to be taken, ca.

B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to the Act of Par

__ whereby certain Duties are charged upon Certificates, Debentures, Bills of Lading, Al

manacks, and certain Licences, to be stamped as is therein mentioned, without Fraud or Concealment; and shall, from time to time, true Account make of nay Doings therein, and deliver the same to such or Persons as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall appoint to receive such Account; and shall take no Fee, Reward, or Profit, for the Execution or Performance of the said Trust, or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons, other than such as shall be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or some other Person or Persons under her or them to that Purpose authorized.'

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the Commissioners last mentioned, or any Justice of the Peace.

XXX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for managing the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and all other Officers who shall be employed in or about the collecting or managing of the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, shall, in and for the better Execution of their said Offices and Trusts, observe and perform' such Rules, Methods, and Orders as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Treasurer of the Exchequer, or the Commissioners of the Prealury for the time being; and that no See or Reward shall be demanded or taken by any her Majesty's Officers, relating to the said

Stamp

495

Stamp Duties, from any of her Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or Thing to be done in pursuance of this Act; and in case any Officer intruded, or to be entrusted in the Execution of this Act, in Relation to the said Stamp Duties, hall refuse or neglect to perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required to be done or perfo med by him, whereby any of her Majesty's Subjects hall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so offending, shall be liable by any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages with treble Costs of Suit.

XXXI. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties last mentioned and Separate ac hereby granted, shall be all paid, from time to time, into the Hands of the receiver-general, for the time cour't> pnl! being, of the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who shall keep a separate and distinct Ac - t y' count thereof, and pay the same into the Receipt of the Exchequer of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, weekly, on Wednesday in every Week, unless it be an holiday, and then the next Day after that shall not

be an Holiday, for the Purposes in this Act expressed.

XXXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as her Majesty, her Heirs or Sue upon altering ceft ors, hall think fit to alter or renew the said Marks or Stamps, to be provided or used in pursuance of Stamps those this Act, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Persons, who hall at that Time have in their Custody

or Possession, any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper marked with the Stamp or Stamps which shall be foal may have tered or renewed, and upon which none of the Matters or Things hereby charged shall be engrafted, writ it changed in e ten, or printed, at any Time within the Space of sixty Days after such Intention of renewing or altering Days.

hall be published by Proclamation, to bring or send such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to the said of at the said Head Office, or to such Officers as shall be appointed in that Behalf; and the said Commissioners and Officers respectively are hereby required to deliver, or cause to be delivered to the fe vera! Persons, who shall so bring and deliver any Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the like Quantity of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and as good in Quality, stamped with such new Stamps, without demanding or taking, directly or indirectly, for the same, any Sum of Money or Consideration whatsover, under the Penalty of forfeiting, for every such Offence, one hundred Pounds, to be sued for, recovered, and divided, in such Manner as the other Penalties in this Act, relating to the said Duties hereby charged on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be sued for, recovered, and divided; and in case any Paper, C net Person shall neglect or refuse, within the Time aforesaid, to bring or cause to brought and delivered to the brought mof no said Commissioners or Officers as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, the same is hereby dee dared to be of no other Effect or Use than if it had never been stamped; that all Matters or Things charged with the Duties last mentioned, _ and hereby granted, which hall after that Time be engrossed or written thereon, shall be of no other Effect than if they had been engrossed or written on Vellum, Parch' cnent, 'and Paper not marked or {lamped at all; and all Persons, who hall engross or write any the Matters or Things hereby charged on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper after the said Time, shall forfeit and fufter, as herein before is enacted for Persons writing or engrafting on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or stamped.

XXXIII. Provided always, 'and be it further enacted, That as often as her Majesty, her Heirs or Sue proclamation for ceftors, shall think fit to alter the said Stamps, or any of them, that the Proclamation which is hereby in altering Stamps tended to be' made for the giving all Persons due Notice thereof, shall, within twenty Days after the Date mabe0[!jn thereof, be sent to the Mayor, Chief Magistrate, or other Head Officer of every City, Corporation, Bo g^days. C'^rough, and Market Town, throughout her Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain, which Officers respectively shall cause the same to be published to the Inhabitants of such City, Corporation, or Town, either on the next Market Day, or next Sunday in the Church, immediately after the Time of Divine Service, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatso Counterfeiting

ever, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit, or forge any Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Stamps, sic. Stamp or Mark which hall be provided, made, or used in pursuance of this Act, or hall counterfeit or cby r

resemble the Impression of the same, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, thereby to defraud her Mar eo.ii\z'rl jesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or shall utter, ]any j0 procore vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, know veilum, C to ing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person whatsoever hall privately and fraudulently use be marked with any Stamp, provided or used, or to be provided or used in pursuance of this or any former Act or Acts counterfeit

of Parliament relating to the Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, so as thereby to defraud gt£?pj^ her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any Duty payable by this or any such former Act or Acts of Parc. 2.5. liament; then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

XXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the Commissioners time being, appointed to manage the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall take to sum ft all care that the several Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from time to time, be sufficiently fur

niftied with Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped and marked, as aforesaid, so as the Subjects of her 5t"^ps, 'vit Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, may have it in their Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual and most common Rates above the said Duties, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be stamped, as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves or others that hall have done the same.

XXXVI. And for the better Distribution of the said Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and that the Sub treasury to see jests may have the same with more Conveniency, and at an easy Rate; Be it further enacted by the Au priceon Armpt thority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, and the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall once in every Year, at least, fetyeaty

the Prices of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, that it shall be sold at; and that the said of for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, hall stamp the said Price so set upon 3 every

Anno nono Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

Cent, for every 101. for 6 Months,

Penalties, how to be distributed,

Broviso for A! In'acts clts.

stvom it June 1711. for 32

by 3 G. §1

1. C

Commissioners to every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, so by them to be sold; and that allow 6l. per the said Commissioners shall likewise allow and pay to every Person that shall bring Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to the said Head Office to be stamped in pursuance of this act.(the Duty whereof hereby imposed shall amount to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards) after the Rate of six Pounds in the Hundred Pounds per Annum, for six Months, upon present Payment of the said Duty upon the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper so by them brought, over and above the like Allowance upon the same Quantity by the said former Acts; and that any Persons that shall buy of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at the Head Office for flamping the same, the Duty whereof amounts to the like Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, shall have the same Allowance.

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties hereby imposed, relating to the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be, the one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Pleirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with Pull Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons as shall inform and sue for the same, in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in her Majesty's Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for Offences committed in Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XXXVIII. And in Regard of the Uncertainty how many Almanacs for any one Year will be sold, it is hereby provided and enabled, That the Commissioners for managing the said Stamp Duties, shall and may deliver to the Person or Persons, Bodies. Politic or Corporate, by or for whem any Almanac or Almanacs is or are to be printed or published, Paper marked or stamped, according to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, for the printing such Almanac or Almanacs, upon his, her, or their giving sufficient Security to pay the Amount of the Duties hereby charged thereupon, within the Space of three Months after such Delivery,; and that the said Commissioners, upon bringing to them any Number of the Copies of such Almanacs, within the said Space of three Months, and Request to them in that Behalf made, shall cancel all the Stamps upon such Copies, and abate to such Person or Persons so much of the Money due upon such his or theit Security Or Securities, as such cancelled Stamps shall amount unto; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the term of thirty-two Years from thence next

Tears, Cards to ensuing, there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and bicec'i^per an Successors, for all playing Cards and.dice, which within or during the Term last mentioned, shall be pair.1ct Ster made fit for Sale or Use in Great Britain, or imported into the same, the Duties following; that is to say. Made perpetual for every Pack of such Cards the Sum of sixpence, and for every Pair of such Dice the Sum of five Shillings, to be paid by the Makers or Importers thereof respectively.

XL. And it is hereby Enabled, That the Duties upon such Cards and Dice imported shall be levied and brought into the Exchequer, in such Manner and Form, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, as any her Majesty's Customs or Duties on Subsidy Goods Inwards are, by any Laws now in Force, to be levied and brought into the said Exchequer.

XLI Aud it is hereby enacted, That all Makers of Playing Cards or Dice, in Great Britain, after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and eleven, before they respectively shall begin to make any such Cards or Dice, shall give or send Notice in Writing of the usual House or Place where they respectiviai crsor u.arjs t've^7 shall make, or intend to make the same; which Notice shall be given to the said Commissioners for and Dice' ifftet die Stamp Duties on Vellum, Farchment, and Paper, or to their Officers next adjacent to the Place where 1 Aug. 1711. to such Cards or Dice shall be made; and the like Notice shall be given or sent, by every such Maker of Cards give Notice of or Dice during the Term last mentioned, 'as'often as they respectively shall change their Places for that the Places where pupnofe; and as often as any Person or Persons shall setup, or exercise the Employment of making Cards they mae t e or Quee^ in any House or Place whatsoever in Great Britain, during the last mentioned Term, the like Notice shall be given or sent; upon Pain that every Person making Default in giving such Notice, as aforesaid, for every such offence shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and that all and every Person and Persons, who shall, during the Term last mentioned, make any Cards or Dice in any House or Place not notified, as aforesaid, shall, for every such offence, forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and that all and every such Cards and Dice, Person and Persons shall permit the proper Officers for the said Duties to enter such House or Place for rna on forfeiture of p; ng of Cards and Dice, and take an Account of the Cards and Dice there made, under the Penalty of nd not to re ten Bounds for every Refusal thereof; and that no Maker of such Cards and Dice, chargeable with the move them till said Duties by this Act, shall remove or fuixer to be removed the same from the House or Place of making parked, on For thereof, from time to time, until such Mark upon the Dice, and such Seal upon the Paper and Thread en tenure of the closing every Pack of Cards, shall be put thereupon, as the Commissioners for the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for the time being, shall, from time to time, devise and appoint, in Writing under their Hands, to denote the charging the said Duties, upon Pain of forfeiting all such Cards and Dice, and treble the Value thereof, as shall be removed contrary to this Act.

XLII. And it is hereby further enacted, That the said Makers of Cards and Dice, during the Term last Entries onoath, mentioned, shall, once in every twenty-eight Days, make true Entry upon Oath with the said Comm if once in 28 Days, fioners for the Duties on stamped Vellum, parchment and Paper, or with their Officer next adjacent to their ber; venb°card fhace of making, (which Oath the said Commissioners, or any three or more of them, or the said of makers.'ar'ficer, have hereby Power to administer) of all the Cards and Dice by such Makers thereof respectively See Geo. 1. made, within the time for which every such Entry ought to be made; and shall, once in every six Weeks, C 21. §. 57, 53. clear all the Duties owing from every such Maker, by paying the same to the receiver-general for stamped finw° iie "in Parchment and Paper, or to the proper Officer fox the time being, for collebling the said Duties,

Forfeiture of ol for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors; Pain of forfeiting the Sunt of twenty Pounds iwi duubie the fr every Default in making such Entry, and double the Duty for nonpayment thereof.

Duties an Cards and Dice imported, how to be levied. Makers of Cards

same, on. Forfeiture of 50 and to permit Officer to take an Account of

Cards, C and treble Value.

See 10 Anna?,

C 70. 162.

Makers to make

Anno nono An nas Reginae.

C 23.

497

XLIII. And it is hereby enacted, That every Maker of Cards and Dice, who shall endeavour to de duty. Malms fraud her Majesty by any Concealment, shall for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds: "«ceali«f, far and that all the Penalties and Forfeitures imposed by this Act, in relation to the said Duties on Cards and elt 12 Dice, shall be divided, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and Farther Pm': the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will seize, inform or sue for the same; and shall and fas iia. crting may be recovered in the same Manner and Form, as any Penalties or Forfeitures by this Act: imposed, for, ^4 e"i' any Offence relating to the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, are to be recovered; And & z6."'11 Ann, that all the Moneys arising by the said Duties on Cards and Dice (the necessary Charges of raising the same flat. ic z excepted) shall, from time to time, be brought into the Receipt of Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act 1 z ann.flat. z. expressed. C 9

C 10. fc Ore. 1.

Cmi 1. XI Cm. I. C 8. it Geo. i. C 33.9 Geo. 2. c. 32. 16 Geo. 2. c. 7.6. 29 Glt, 2. r. 12 13. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 35.

XLIV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the eleventh Day of June dutyonrock one thousand seven hundred and eleven, for and during the Term of thirty-two Years thence next ensuing, €*p°ne<1 u there shall be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of nine Shillings for every Tun of ya "

Salt which shall be put on board any Ship or Vessel in any Part of Great Britain, and exported to june, 711, 9s. Ireland, or entered out for such Exportation, over and above the present Duties payable for the same, and pc rton, made foin Proportion for every greater or lesser Quantity; and the same shall be paid by the Exporter thereof perpetual by 3 upon Entry out for such Exportation, to the proper Officer of the Port where such Rock Salt shall be so c'a\4$'th put on board, or entered out, and before any Cocket shall be allowed or granted for the same; and the said portei ac! '

Officer shall signa Certificate or Receipt for such Sum of Money as shall for such Quantity of Rock Salt therein specified be paid for by such Exporter.

XLV. And for better securing her Majesty's said Duty last mentioned, Be it further enacted by the Drawbacks for Authority aforesaid, That no Drawback shall be allowed or paid to such Exporter or his Assigns, for Du Ireland, ties formerly granted on Rock Salt, which, from and after the said eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred "and eleven, shall be landed in Ireland, unless such Certificate or Receipt herein before mentioned, for Payment of the Duty hereby granted, shall be first produced and delivered up to the proper

Officer authorised to pay or allow such Drawback; any Act or Acts to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

XLVI. Provided always, That in case any Skip or Vessel carrying Rock Salt to Ireland, shall either be lost Proviso for Ships

at Sea, or taken by the Enemy, upon due Proof made thereof upon Oath, and producing the Certificate or atsca

Receipt before mentioned, that the Duty hereby granted on such Rock Salt, was actually paid upon Entry out of the same in Great Britain, the Officer who signed the said Certificate or Receipt, and received the said Money, shall repay the same without Fee or Reward.

XLVII. And it is hereby also enacted, That all the Moneys arising by the said Duties on Rock Salt, Duties on Rock (the necessary Charges of collecting and raising the same excepted) shall likewise be brought into the Receipt. ?alt t?bej>a "1 of the Exchequer, for the Purposes in this Act expressed.

XLVIII. And to the end all the Revenues, Duties, and Sums of Money by this Act payable upon LI see Ami. flat, cenees for Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and the said new Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and a. C 2.

Paper, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, by this Act granted, Commissioners, as aforesaid, may be duly and certainly raised, and the same (except the necessary Charges of raising and Officers> c managing the same Duties and otherwise in the Execution of this Act) may be justly and duly brought hamet A into the said Receipt of Exchequer, according to the true Meaning hereof; It is hereby further enacted by '° '

the Authority aforesaid, That, from time to time, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be appointed such and so many Commissioners and Officers, as shall be proper and necessary for managing, raising, collecting, and paying the said Revenues, Duties, and Sums of Money last mentioned, and hereby granted, as aforesaid, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that the respective Commissioners and Officers concerned therein hall perform their several Duties in Relation to the pre mifies, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like, Penalties, Forfeitures and disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, as are prescribed, and to be infiifted by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An act9 & 10 W. 3. Act for raising a Sim not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight 4f pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or Neglect relating to the Duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Act last mentioned.

XLIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person, who shall drive a Driver of Coach

Coach, or carry a Chair for Hire, not being interested himself in a Licence so to do, but shall act un" f'^rfefc'os

tier the Licence of another Personas his or her Servant, or otherwise, shall be guilty of any Misbehaviour ing' orelts: los in his Employment, by demanding more than his Fare, or by giving abusive Language, or any other rude Behaviour, every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of one or more credible Witness or witness'es, either before the major Part of the Commissioners for granting Licences, according to this Act, or before any one or more of her Majesty's justices of the Peace for the City of London, and

Liberty of Westminster, or Counties of Midillefex and Surrey (who are hereby empowered to inquire into

stich Misbehaviour, and to issue forth their Sammons or Warrants, and administer Oaths accordingly) shall forfeit and pay a Sum not exceeding twenty Shillings, to be paid to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and if any Person so convicted, as aforesaid, shall not be able, or refuse to or fenttoif.e pay the said Sum so imposed, as aforesaid, he shall be committed to her Majesty's Workhouse of Bridewell, House of cor or some other House of Correction, there to be kept to hard Labour for the Space of seven Days, and re re()lon fr ceive the public Correction of the House, before he be discharged the same. 7 as; "'c'

49s C 23.

Anno nono Ann Reginoe.

A.D. 1710.

Salvo for the Ujiiverfities

anti for St. alban's 5

and for Proprietors in Printing Almanacs j

And for the ca jendar in the Rook of Common Prayer, C

9 Annas, C to.

9 Anna?, C II

9 Anna?, C 10, II

Made perpetual by 3 Geo. 1. €*7. 700 i, per Week oat of the Port: o/rice, and all the Duties on jleather, and all the Duties by this Act granted, appropriated for the Purposes of this act

L Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice any Right the two Univerhcies of Oxford and Cambridge, or either of them, have, or claim to have, to the licensing any Taverns, Inns, or Alehouses, within their several Jurisdictions, but that the said Universities may, from time to time, grant Licences for any Taverns, Inns, and Alehouses, within their several Jurisdictions, subject to the several Duties aforesaid, in as ample Manner as they respectively might lawfully have granted the same, if this Act had never been made; anything herein before contained to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

LI. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything therein contained, shall not in any wise extend to debar or hinder the Mayor and Aldermen of the Borough of St. Alban'r in the County of Hertford, or their Successors, from the using, exercising, and enjoying of all such Liberties, Privileges, Powers and Authorities to them heretofore granted (by the Name of Mayor and burr gestes) by several Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, by Queen Elizabeth, and King James the First, of famous Memories, for the erecting, appointing, and licensing three several Wine Taverns within the said Borough, for and towards the Maintenance of the Free School there; but that the same shall remain freed and discharged of and from the Duty of four Shillings a Licence chargeable by this Act; anything therein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LII. Provided, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice any Right the two Universities, or either of them, or the Company of Stationers, or any Person or Persons have, or claim to have, to the printing or reprinting any Almanac or Calendar subject to the several Duties aforesaid.

LIII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to extend to charge any Calendar or perpetual Almanac in any Bible or Common Prayer Book; or to charge any other Calendar or Almanac, with more than the Duty that would be payable by this Act for such other Calendar or Almanac, in case it were made for three Years only.

LIV. And whereas by an Act of the present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for establishing a C General Post' Office for all her Mai eftfs Dominions, and for settling a weekly Sum out of the Revenues thereof, 1 for the Service of the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, it is enacted, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, for and during the whole Term of thirty-two Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, the full, clear, and entire weekly Sum ' of seven hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain, out of all the Duties and Revenues, from time to time, arising by virtue of that Act, shall be brought and paid into the Receipt of your majesty's ' Exchequer, in the Manner therein mentioned, and under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities in £ that Act expressed: by another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or drefifed, and upon Vilium and Parchment, for the Perm of thirty two Tears, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majestfs most necessary Occasions, several Rates and Duties for and upon such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, as are there in mentioned, are granted or made payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, for the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, with such other Duties as in the same Act are expressed, and all the Moneys arising by vir tue of the Act last mentioned, (the necessary Charges of raising, collecting, levying, paying, and accounting for the same, only excepted) are thereby required to be also paid, from time to time, into the Receipt of your majesty's Exchequer, in the Manner and Form, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, e and Disabilities, as are thereby prescribed, as by the two Acts last mentioned, Relation being thereunto severally had, may more fully appear: And whereas it is intended. That the said weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds, to arise out of the said Revenue of the Postoffice, and all the said Duties upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, granted by the two Acts last inen tioned, and the Revenue to arise by licensing Coaches and Chairs, and the said new Duties to arise by stamp'd Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, shall all together be made a Fund or Security, for raising any Sum not exceeding two Millions, towards your majesty's Supply, for the Service of the War, and other your majesty's most northeast c, ceflary Occasions, by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form as are herein after mentioned Now we your majesty's said dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for and towards the raising the said Sum of two Millions, do further most humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, during the Term of thirty-two Years, reckoning the first Year to begin from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, the full Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise as well of or for the said weekly Sum of seven hundred Pounds out of the Revenues of the General Postoffice, and of or for all the said Duties, Rates, and Sums of Money upon Hides, and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, by virtue of the said other Act, or either of them, and by or out of the Moneys of the said Revenue on Licences for Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and of the said new Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and upon Cards and Dice, and upon the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, by this Act granted, and by or out of the Moneys to arise by all the said Branches, every or any of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, from time to time, in case the same shall extend to the said Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer of or for all the Duties, Revenues, and Branches charged, as aforesaid, shall not amount to one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same shall extend, shall be Part of the said yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds

per

A.D. 1710. Anno nono anne Regins. C 23.

per Annum, for and towards the answering and paying of all and every the principal Sums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred Pounds principal Money, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, as herein after is also mentioned; and in case the Paid Moneys by this Act appointed, as aforesaid, hall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising into the Exchequer, for all the Duties, Revenues, and Branches charged, as aforesaid, hall not amount to so much as one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, that then, and so often, and in every such Case, so much as ball be wanting to make up the said Fund or Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds for every or any such Year, hall be supplied and made good, from time to time, out of the first Aid or Supply to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency hall appear, and shall, from time to time, be transferred thereunto, as soon as the same hall be granted; and for want of such Aid or Supply, then such Deficiency hall be supplied and made goodbye and out of any public Money which shall be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by Act of Parliament; and the Commissioners of the Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby strictly enjoined and required to make up such Deficiency accordingly out of such unappropriated public Money, without any further or other Warrant of Authority for the same.

LV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the said Sum of two millions, by paying at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of one hundred Pounds upon this Act; and that for the raising the said Sum of two Millions, any Person, who will become a Contributor or Adventurer, shall and may advance the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for which Sum so advanced, he, he, or they hall be intituled to receive such principal Money and the Interest thereof, and such Premiums, as herein after is expressed, to be paid by and out of the said yearly Fund by this Act appropriated; and that every Contributor or Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of one hundred Pounds, as he, he, or they shall think fit; and for every such Sum of one hundred Pounds so advanced, he, he, or they is or are to be interested in one Lot or Share of and in the said yearly Fund by this Act appointed, and the same entire Sums of one hundred Pounds each are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver and Receivers, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions herein after mentioned (that is to say) One fourth Part thereof on or before the five and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, on other fourth Part thereof, on or before the fifteenth Day of August in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the six and twentieth Day of September in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the sixth Day of November in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven. [The Sections relating to the drawing of the Lottery are,]

"Her Majesty may appoint Managers. Books to be provided with three Columns, &c. Receivers to be "appointed by the Lord High Treasurer, &c. Managers to examine the Books, and deliver them to the "Receivers, &c. Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to re deliver the Books, &c. by 25 July "17m. Middle Column Tickets to be rolled up, and put into a Box, marked (A). Innermost to remain "in the Rooks. There shall be printed twenty thousand Tickets, the Managers hall cause the Tickets "to be divided into five Classes; the first Clafiis to consist of one thousand three 'hundred and thirty, upon "one of which shall be writ one thousand Pounds, and upon fifty other, two hundred Pounds, and upon "the remainingone thousand two hundred seventy and nine shall be severally one hundred and ten Pounds; "the second Clafiis to consist of two thousand six hundred and seventy Tickets, upon one of which hall K be three thousand Pounds, upon one other two thousand Pounds, upon one other one thousand Pounds, "upon one other five hundred Pounds, upon four other severally four hundred Pounds, upon five other fe "three hundred Pounds, upon one hundred other severally two hundred Pounds, and upon the re "two thousand five hundred and fifty seven hall be severally writ one hundred and fifteen Pounds; "the third Clafiis to consist of four thousand Tickets, upon one of which shall be four thousand Pounds, C upon one other three thousand Pounds, upon one other two thousand Pounds, upon one other one thou "Pounds, upon one other five hundred Pounds, upon four other severally four hundred Pounds, upon c' five other severally three hundred Pounds, upon one hundred and fifty other severally two hundred "Pounds, and upon the remaining three thousand eight hundred and thirty-six severally one hundred and "twenty Pounds; the fourth Clafiis to consist of five thousand three hundred and forty Tickets, upon one of which hall be writ five thousand Pounds, upon one other four thousand Pounds, upon one other three "thousand Pounds, upon one other two thousand Pounds, upon one other one thousand Pounds, upon one "other five hundred Pounds, upon four other four hundred Pounds, upon five other three hundred Pounds, "upon two hundred other two hundred Pounds, and upon the remaining five thousand one hundred and "twenty-five one hundred and twenty-five Pounds; the fifth Clafiis to consist of six thousand six hundred "and sixty Tickets, upon one of which hall be writ twenty thousand Pounds, upon one other five thou "Pounds, upon one other four thousand Pounds, upon one other three thousand Pounds, upon one "other two thousand Pounds, upon one other one thousand Pounds, upon one other five hundred Pounds, "upon four other four hundred Pounds, upon five other three hundred Pounds, upon two hundred and "fifty other two hundred Pounds, and upon the remaining six thousand three hundred and ninety four "Tickets one hundred and thirty Pounds.; together with five hundred Pounds to the first drawn Ticket of

S f f 2 "each

499

Deficiency to be made good out of the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, C

Natives or Foreigners may contribute the Sum of 100l. or diverse entire Sums of xcol

C 23. Anno nono anne Reginss. A.D. 1710.

"each Classis, and five hundred Pounds to the Last drawn Ticket of each Classis, which will amount in "the whole to two millions six hundred and two thousand and two hundred Pounds, so that the Owner of "every Ticket will be intituled, at least, to the certain principal Sum of such Classis, that is to say, one CC hundred and ten Pounds for the first Classis, one hundred and fifteen Pounds for the second, one hundred "and twenty Pounds for the third, one hundred and twenty-five Pounds for the fourth, and one hundred "and thirty Pounds for the fifth Classis, and Interest at six per Centum per Annum, from the nine and twentieth of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven. If the first fourth Part of z, 000000l. be not "paid in by 2^ June, then the Fund to be proportionable to the Sum advanced. The zo, oooo Tickets to "be put into five several Boxes. No Money to be received after 25 June 1711. Public Notice of the "Time of cutting the Tickets. The Manner of Drawing the Tickets. The Manner of filing the "Tickets. The Manner of entering the Tickets of the several Classes. The Manner of adjusting the fe "Premiums. To be paid in such Numerical Order as they shall be drawn, ca Table of the "Number, Order, and Course of the Tickets, C to be printed. Managers to adjudge to whom the Pre "belong. Forging Tickets Felony. Managers to make Books of the Fortunate, and transmit "to the Exchequer. Payments to be quarterly. Managers to be sworn: Their Oath. Penalty on "Officers of the Exchequer, and other Officers offending. EXP."

LXVII. And be it further enacted, That any Money contributed or lent by, or payable to any Person or Persons, upon or by virtue of this Act, shall not be charged or chargeable with any Rates, Taxes, Duties, or Impositions whatsoever "

"to be exchanged for Handing Orders. How the first and second year's Interest of large Premi. "urns shall be secured. Orders to be paid in Course, SV. Treasury may divide extraordinary Benefits of "above zoooo/, into Orders of 500l. EXP."

The Moneys ap

LXXII. And for the better ascertaining and securing the Payment, as well of all the said principal Money this? Aftd to"'be paya'j'eby virtue of this Act, as of the said Interest. to grow due upon the same; Be it further enacted, That applied to pay off Moneys as shall arise and come into the Receipt of the Exchequer, upon or for the said Rates and the Principal Duties upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, Vellum, and Parchment, on or before the end Interest. said nine and twentieth Day of September which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall be applicable and applied to the Payment of so much of the said principal Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred Pounds, or of such proportionable Part thereof as shall be due by virtue of this Act, as the same will extend to pay and discharge, according to the Course of Payment before directed; that from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, during the said Term of two and thirty Years (unless the said principal Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred and two Pounds, or of such Proportionable Part thereof, as shall be due by virtue of this Act, and all the Interest thereof, shall be sooner paid off and discharged) yearly and every. Year, accounting every Year to commence from the nine and twentieth Day of September in each and every Year, the yearly Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, of the Moneys which shall arise and be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, for or upon all the said Duties, Revenues, and Branches hereby charged, as aforesaid, and in case the same will not extend thereto, then so far as the same will extend, shall be applied and appropriated, and the same is hereby accordingly appropriated, for and towards paying and discharging the Money which shall remain due of the said principal Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred Pounds, or of such proportionable Part thereof, as shall be due by virtue of this Act, and the Interest thereof, in Manner following, (that is to say) That quarterly, viz. On or within twenty Days next after the five and twentieth Day of December, five and twentieth Day of March, four and twentieth Day of June, and the nine and twentieth Day of September, yearly and in every Year, during the said Term of two and thirty Years, the Commissioners of her Majesty's Treasury now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or the commissioner of the Treasury for the time being, shall cause a true and exact Account to be made of the Moneys which shall, on or before every respective five and twentieth Day of December, five and twentieth Day of March, four and twentieth Day of June, and nine and twentieth Day of September, of and in each and every respective Year, have arisen or been brought into the Exchequer, in the preceding Quarter of a Year, ending on the said five and twentieth Day of December, five and twentieth Day of March, four and twentieth Day of June, and nine and twentieth Day of September, in every Year, for or upon all the said Duties, Revenues, and Branches hereby charged, as aforesaid; that deducting the reout so much as shall be sufficient to pay and satisfy, and which shall be accordingly applied to pay and satisfy the Interest for such preceding Quarter of a Year, upon and for all the Moneys then due and unpaid of the said Principal Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand two hundred Pounds, or of such proportionable Part thereof, as shall be due, by virtue of this Act, or for Payment whereof Money is not reserved in the Exchequer, the whole Residue and Remainder of the Moneys so arising or coming into the Exchequer, in such preceding Quarter of a Year, shall be immediately, from time to time, applicable, appropriated, and applied towards paying and discharging such Part of the said Principal Sum of two millions six hundred and two thousand and two hundred Pounds, or of such proportionable Part thereof, as shall be due by virtue of this Act, as shall then remain due and unpaid, and that according to such Method and Course of payment, as aforesaid, so as the whole Produce of all the said Duties, Revenues, and Branches hereby charged, as aforesaid, which shall be brought into the said Receipt of the Exchequer in any one Year, to be computed from the nine and twentieth Day of September in every Year, doth not amount to more than the said yearly Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, or such proportion able Part thereof, as is hereby appropriated for paying and, discharging the Principal Money and Interest

charged

5dp

Money lent tax free,

A.D. 171c. Anno nono Ann, Regins. C 23. 501

charged thereupon by this Act; it being intended, that the said yearly Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, or such Part thereof, as shall be in such Proportion, as aforesaid, to ihewhole Sum which shall be advanced or contributed by virtue of this Act, and no more, shall, during the said Term of thirty-two Years, be applied and appropriated for paying and discharging the said Principal and Interest, unlel's all the Principal Money, and Interest chargeable thereupon by virtue of this Act,

shall be sooner paid off and discharged.

LXXIII. Provided also, and be it further enacted, That in case after the said nine and twentieth Day of surp us 'jjfi." September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, there shall be any Surplus or Remainder of the Moneys 31 la'

arising by the Rates and Duties, and Sums of Money appropriated by this Act, at the End of any one Year of the said Term of thirty-two Years (every such Year to be computed from the nine and twentieth Day of September in every Year) over and above the said yearly Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, or such proportionable Part thereof, as aforesaid, and after such Application, as aforesaid, of the said yearly Sum of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, or such proportionable Part thereof, as aforesaid, and after all other Charges and Payments directed or authorised by this at, shall be fully satisfied, paid, and discharged, or Money sufficient shall be reserved for that Purpose, such Surplus or Remainder shall be reserved for the public Use, and shall be disposed and disposeable by Authority of Parliament, and not otherwise; anything herein contained to the contrary

thereof in any wise notwithstanding. [The following Sections are expired.]

"Public Notice to be given when Orders shall become payable. Eight Pence percent, per Diem, to zg "Sept. 17u. allowed for the" first Payment. Fourpence percent, per Diem for the other three Payments.

"Receivers maytake in Money before they receive their Books. Contributor advancing one Part of the,

"Payment, and failing in the next, forfeits what is paid, sv. Officers to be paid out of the Money ari "by this Act. If Principal and Interest be fully paid off before the thirty-two Years, then Duties to "cease. Treasury to appoint a Paymaster, &c. Alignments of (landing Orders to be registered. Receipts "for plate brought into the Mint, pursuant to her Majesty's Warrant, to be accepted as Money for Con "on this Act. The major Part of Bodies Politic, Corporate, or Collegiate, may advance their "Money or Plate on the Credit of this Act. Benefit Tickets in the Lottery 1710, not being adjusted, pre "managers may settle them before 29 Sept. 1711. EX P."

LXXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent or to be lent to her clause of Ap Majesty upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to propriation of be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven, the several Sums and lo much Aloney (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the granted thissef loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, '°£'nna, C It and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for the raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, '

or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto

her Majesty upon another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled An Act for charging and continuing the 9 Annas, C 3.

Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven,

and so much Money of the said Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charge thereby allowable for the raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys arisen, or to arise by another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for revi.9 Anna, C 6. ving, continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported, and certain Duties upon Coals to be waterborn and carried Ccaflwife, and for granting farther Duties upon Candles, for thirty-two Years, to raise fifteen hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Insurance ojfices as are therein mentioned; and all the Moneys lent and to be lent unto her Majesty upon one other Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Hops, and so much Money (if any such be) of the said9 Anna, C r. Duty upon Hops, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Act, and the Madeprrpetvai Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duty upon Hops, shall be satisfied, ^' f' or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys which, over and above the Allowances for prompt Payment, and other Allowances directed by this prefect Act, shall arise of or for the said Contributions, not exceeding the Sum of two millions in this Act mentioned, shall be appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after expressed; is to say, that out of all the Moneys hereby appropriated, or any of them, or by registring Orders upon them, or any of them, there shall be paid and satisfied to the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, all such Sum and Sums of Money as shall! be due and payable unto them, by virtue of an Act of this Session of Parliament for enabling and obliging the Bank of England, for the Time therein mendoned, to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money upon Demand, for or upon the yearly Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds therein mentioned, from the Commencement of their late Undertaking to circulate all Exchequer Bills, according to the said Act, until the one and thirtieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, inclusively, at such Times, and iti such Manner, as in the same Act are prescribej; and shat all the Rest and Residue of the Moneys by this Act appropriated, shall he applied and disposed for or 'towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and forviftuals, Wages, Wear and Tear, and other Services of thena vy, and the Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for Sea Service in the Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and for or towards maintaining a Body of forty tiioufand Men, which was raised to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies, and for or towards maintaining the additional Forces of ten thousand Men in the Low Countries, and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the

Charge

Anno nono A nn & Reginae.

A.D. 1710.

Soldiers for Sea Service, how to be paid.

No Appropriation to obstruct ny Payment by the Treasurer of the Navy, to make good Deficiencies to the South Sea Corporation 103, 003l. IIS. 4d. tobediftri buted amongst the Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Christophers, who have resettled there. Farther provi iior.s relating hereto, by 10 Annas, C 34. 5 Geo. 1. c. 32, S Geo. 1. C ao.

43. and ?3 Geo. 1. C. 3.

Commissioners of Trade to inquire on Gath concerning the

Charge of three thousand Palatines, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty and her Allies; and foe or towards her majesfcy's Proportion of the Charge of four thousand six hundred thirty-nine Saxons, taken into the Service of her Majesty and the States General, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of Bothmars Regiment of Dragoons, consisting of eight hundred Men, formerly taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General; and for or towards defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of the Troops of Augmentation, which were taken into the Service of her Majesty, and the States General', in or about the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine; and for or towards the Charge of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance for Land Service, performed and to be performed, including the Charge of the Fortifications of Gibraltar; and for or towards the Charge of Transportation of Land Forces, performed and to be performed; and for or towards the Payments of her Majesty's Proportion of the Subsidies payable, pursuant to Treaties made and to be made with her Majesty's Allies; and for or towards the Charge of maintaining her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, including five thousand Men to serve on board the Fleet, and for the Payment of the Invalids, and all contingent Charges belonging to the said Guards and Garrisons, and Land Forces respectively; and for or towards the Charges which have been or shall be expended for the Service of the War in Spain and Portugal, and for or towards defraying the extraordinary Charges of the War in Spain, Portugal, the Low Countries, and elsewhere, incurred and to be incurred; and for or towards Satisfaction of the Sum of three thousand five hundred Pounds for Salaries, and any Sum not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, for Payment of Clerks, and other Charges to be allowed, without Account, to the seven Commissioners appointed by an Act of this Session of Parliament for stating the Accounts of all the publick Moneys; and to none other Uses, Intents, and Purposes whatsoever.

LXXXVI. Provided always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons, as aforesaid, there shall and may he taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, towards the Charge of maintaining the Soldiers raised, and to be raised for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the Navy, and Sea Service, as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied such Sums as, together with the said Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, shall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXXXVII. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Appropriation, or other Matter or Thing in this Act contained, shall obstruct or hinder any Payment which by any other A of this Session of Parliament shall be required and authorised to be made by the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy for the time being, or by any other Persons to be entrusted with the public Moneys for the Service of the Navy, out of such public Moneys, Tallies, Orders, or Parliamentary Securities in their Hands or Power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any Deficiency or Deficiencies to any Corporation to be erected by or in pursuance of such other A of Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXXVIII. And whereas the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Islands of Nevis and Saint Christo phers in America, did sustain very great lofl es by a late Invasion of the French, who committed great de predations there; and it became necessary to give some Encouragement to the Sufferers by the fined inva e fion, to resettle their Plantations in the said Islands, to prevent the great Damage which the Crown might otherwise sustain by the total Loss thereof: 'For the making good of the said Encouragement, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sum of one hundred and three thousand and three Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence, shall be distributed to and amongst such Proprietors and Inhabitants only of the said Islands of Nevis and Saint Christophers, who have resettled, or shall resettle their Plantations in the same Islands respectively; and that her Majesty's Commissioners for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part of them, now or for the time being, shall cause a proportionable Part of the said Sum for every one of the said Proprietors and Inhabitants, who suffered by the said Invasion, and who have resettled, or mall rcfettle their Plantations in the said Islands, or either of them, according as the Loss sustained by every such proprietor or Inhabitant doth or shall appear to the same Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part of them, by the Return oi a Commission for that Purpose formerly issued, to be carefully computed and adjusted, so that such Sufferers respectively, in Proportion to their respective Losses, be intituled to their respective Shares of the said Sum of one hundred and three thousand and three Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence; and that the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part of them, do on or before the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, make forth the Debentures for the said proportional Sums, not to exceed in the whole the said Sum of one hundred and three thousand and three Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence, to be paid to the said Proprietors and Inhabitants, or to their certain Attorneys, Executors, ad ministrators, or Assigns respectively; which Debentures shall be signed by the said Commissioners of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part of them, and shall bear Interest for the Principal Sums therein to be contained, after the rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, from making forth the same, and shall be entered in the Register kept for the Debentures which were lately charged on the forfeited Estates in Ireland, and such Principal and Interest shall be satisfied in like Manner as the unsatisfied Debentures which were lately charged on the said forfeited Estates in Ireland, are to be satisfied and discharged, and shall and may be delivered to such as the Persons to be intituled thereunto respectively have authorised, or shall authorise to receive the same, in order to obtain such satisfaction thereupon.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby enacted, That the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Trade and Plantations, or the major Part of them, shall and may inquire upon Oath (which they, or any one or more of them, have hereby Power to administer) or by any other lawful Ways and Means, of and concerning the 3 Persons

A.D. 1710. Anno nono Ann; e Reginae. C 24j 503

Persons who are or hall be resettled in the said Islands, or either of them, and be thereby intituled to a pro Person; refetiled portional Part of the said Sum to be difhributed to or amongst; such Persons, according to the true Meaning the re, of this Act.

XC. And whereas in an Act passed in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for reviving. Coals carried continuing, and appropriating certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported, and certain Duties upon from the Wed Coals to be ivaterborn and carried Coastwise, and for granting further Duties upon Candles, for two and thirty f Scotland to Tears, to raise one Million five hundred thousand Pounds, byway of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year^to

one thousand seven hundred and eleven, and for suppressing such unlawful Lotteries, and such Infur once Offices, from the West as are therein mentioned, some Doubt may arise what Duty is charged upon Coals exported from the Wert: of England to of Scotland to Ireland, or the Isle of Man, ' Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That Ireland, C the said Coals hall be charged with the same Duty, and no more, as Coals exported from the Wert; of9 Anna;, C 6. England to Ireland, and the lfie of Man, are and land charged by virtue of the said Act. artntgdmb: on

Coals, ia Ann. stat, a. C 9. 5 Geo. X C 9, 6 Geo. I. C 4. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. feci il.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for Relief of the Creditors and Proprietors of the Company of Mine Adventurers, by establishing a Method for settling the Differences between the Company and their Creditors, and for uniting them, in order to an effectual Working the Mines of the said Company.

WHEREAS the Governor and Company of the Mine Adventurers of England (by the great Expences in working and manufacturing their Mines and Minerals, and by other Charges incident to so great and difficult an Undertaking) have contracted so great a Debt, that by their Stock or Produce of the said Mines, or Sale or Mortgage thereof, the said Company is altogether unable to pay the same

And whereas by the unhappy Differences and Disputes that have arisen amongst: the Members of the said Company, and also between the said Company and their Creditors, the working and managing the said Mines is almost totally interrupted, whereby the large Sums of Money expended in bringing them to their present State and Condition, are in great Danger of being entirely loft: And whereas the Mines be longing to the said Company are so rich and valuable, that if the same were settled and established under good Management, and a regular Constitution, they might, besides answering the Charge of working,

them, turn more to the Satisfaction of all Persons interested or concerned therein, and likewise great Be 4 nefit would accrue to the Public by so profitable a Manufactory: And whereas an Expedient hath been proposed for satisfying the Debts, and composing the Differences of the said Company and their Creditors,

4 by an Union or Coalition of their respective Debts and Interests in and upon the said Mines, under one Denomination, and for raising a Stock for effectually working and manufacturing the said Mines and Mi 4 nerals; and for discovering all unwarrantable Practises that have been therein, and for preventing the like for the future, by settling the Management under a more regular Establishment, it is therefore hum bly prayed, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Grants, Contracts, Bargains, Sales, Leases, All Grants, C Mortgages, Conveyances, and Assurances, made of any Mines, Minerals, Lands, Tenements, Heredita made by the ments, Stocks, Goods, and Chattles, by the said Governor and Company of Mine Adventurers of England, -°.mpu, y 01 to any Person or Persons whatsoever, since the Time the said Governor and Company of Mine Adventurers of England first stopped or portioned Payment of their Bills or Bonds, or by any Person or Persons seized or p3y/

possessed of any Mines, Minerals, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Stock, Goods, and Chattles, in ment of their Trust for the said Governor and Company oi Mine Adventurers oi England, hall and are hereby declared. bins void to be absolutely void and of none Effect.

All new Shares above the 6012 allowed by Charter, void, C Money advanced on the Calf 15 Feb. e X P;

"1708, &c. allowed. Bargains, &c. made ftnee the Company stopped Payment, good. Creditors united with the Members. A general Meeting of the Company and Creditors to be called within 20 Days af- ter 1 if tine 1711. Deputy Governor, C dying, &c. others to be chosen. Deputy Governor, &c. to manage the company's Affairs. A Book to be provided by 1; July 1711, to enter Claims. Attendance to be given daily for entering Claims, till 16 Sep. 1711. Claimers Names to be printed. Creditors, &c.

to give in their Claims by 16 Sep. 1711. Accountants to examine the Claims. A List to be printed of the Persons intituled to Shares. Sharers Names, &c. to be entered in a Book. Shares assignable, (Ac

After Duke of leeds's Death, Governor to be annually chosen having ten Shares. Qualification of vo- ters, &c. after the new Distribution of Shares. Proxies. Governor, &c. annually to state the Condition of the Company, &c. Penalty for notftating."

IX. And be it further enacted by by the Authority aforesaid, That for the raising a Stock of Money for Governor, CI the better carrying on the working and improving the Mines of the said Company of the Mine Adventurers at a General of England, and for answering the Exigencies of the said Company, and, in the first Place, for defraying Meeting, may the necessary Charges of passing this present Act; it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Governor, share" +°S' Deputy Governor, and Directors of the said Company, with the Consent and Approbation of a General Assembly or Meeting of the Members of the said Company, duly called, after such new Division and Distribution of the six thousand and twelve Shares, made in Manner as is by this Act required, to call in, or direct to be paid to the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, or to such Person or Persons as they hall appoint to receive the same, any Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding forty Shillings per. Share;

and

5°4

C 25. Anno nono Ann Regime. A.D. 1710.

Penalty on Members not paying.

and that all Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, shall be indemnified in paying the same! and in case any Member of the said Company hall neglect or refuse to pay his, her, or their Share of the Money so called in at the Time or Times appointed for that Purpose by Notice in the London Gazette, he, he, or they so neglecting, shall forfeit one Moiety of his or their respective Shares or Interest in the said Company, which said Moiety so forfeited, as aforesaid, hall remain and be for the Use of the said Company, who may dispose thereof at a General Court; and it shall and maybe lawful for the said Governor, Deputy Governor, and Directors, and their Successors, to restrain or hinder the said Member or Members from transferring his or their other Moiety of Shares or Interest, or any other Part thereof, in the said Company: Provided always, That the said Governor and Company may, by several Calls, in Manner as before directed, appoint the Payment of any Part of the said Sum of forty Shillings, and at several Times; but the said Governor and Company are hereby restrained from calling in upon their said Members at any Time or Times, any Sum or Sums exceeding in the whole forty Shillings per Share; and every. Call so made and appointed, after the respective Proprietors of the six thousand and twelve Shares have paid in, for the Use of the Company, forty Shillings per Share, shall be void, and of no Force or Effect.

EXP. "Accountants to examine the Accounts, sv. of the Company, and to examine those who managed the "company's Affairs, C No Transfer to be where Accounts are depending. Deputy Governor, C. 1707. or since, not capable to be elected again before 16 Nov. 1712. Shares, C not claimed before "16 Sep. 1711. forfeited. Except in case of Dispute."

[Public Act.]

P R.

XVI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be a publick Act of Parliament, of which all Judges, Justices, and other Persons are to take Notice.

"Proviso for the Parish Children of Saint Sepulchre s, and Elizabeth Hammond. For Richard Sterne of York "Esq; For the Duke of Leeds."

CAP. XXV.

An Act for making the Act of the fifth Year of her majest'y Reign, for the better preservation of the Game, perpetual, and for making the same more effectual.

5 Anna, C 14. ' K 1 WHEREAS the Act made in the fifth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the bet 32h. s.'r, S. ter Preservation of the Game, will expire at the End of this present Session of Parliament, unless 5 El. C 21. ' the same be continued: And whereas the said Act hath been found to be an useful Law for the Preservation

z; £/, C 10. C of the Game of this Kingdom; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present parlia fz 5.'ment assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said recited Act, and all the Clauses, Mat

IV. & mc. 23. ters, and Things therein contained, fhrdl Land in full Force and Virtue, and be continued, and deemed, The Act and taken to be a perpetual Law, subject nevertheless to the Additions or Alterations herein after in this Act e'aj' <?onta ned: That is to say, Whereas by the said recited Act, any Lord or Lady of a Manor might appoint Afie'r I'may*'*cveral flame Keepers in the same Manor, and every one of the Game Keepers so appointed might kill any 1711, lords of Game in the same Manor; For the Preventing the refore of the Destruction of the Game of this King manors shall ap dom, which may happen by appointing several Game Keepers in the same Manor, with Authority to kill polir but one _ the Game therein; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of 01le tfi°ufanc' seven hundred and eleven, no Lord or Lady of a Manor hall make, constitute or ap whose Name point above one Person to be a Game Keeper within any one Manor, with Power or Authority to kill or (halite entered destroy the Game thereof; and that the Name of such Person, so to be authorised to kill the Game, hall, with the Clerk from time to time, be entered with the Clerk of the Peace, for the time being, of the County, Riding, or of the Peace. Division wherein such Manor doth lie, such Entry to be made and viewed without Fee or Reward, and a ii3thegame' Certificate thereof to be granted by the Clerk of the Peace, upon Payment of one Shilling for the same; Keeper mud be an in case any other Game Keeper, whose Name hall not be so entered, as aforesaid, who shall not be either qualified, otherwise qualified by. the Laws of this Kingdom to kill Game, hall prefunie to kill any Hare, Pheasant, or the lord's Partridge, Moor, Heath game, or Grouse, or if any Game Keeper or Game Keepers, or other Person or Servant. Persons whatsoever, not being qualified in his own Right to kill Game, hall fell, or expose to Sale, any

roto unified are Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, Heath Game, or Grouse, the respective Offender or Offenders herein mother unquaf Aall, for every Offence, incur such Forfeitures, Pains, and Penalties, as are innidted by the said recited lifted Person, Act upon Higlars, Carriers, Inn Keepers, or Victuallers, for buying or selling of Game, such Forfeitures killing or feting to be recovered by such Means, and in such Manner and Form, and within such Time, and to such Uses, any Hare, cas are prescribed by the said Act; anything in the said recited Act, or in any other Law or Statute to the the forfeitures contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding. inflicted by the said A on Higlars, C 5 Anna?, C 14.

If any Hare, CII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moors f°ufdc1of an eat Game, or Grouse, shall be found in the Shop, House, or Possession of any Person or Persons what unquahfi"ed per fever, not qualified in his own Right to kill Game, or being intituled thereto under some Person so quali f, &c. it shall fied, the same shall be adjudged, deemed, and taken to be an exposing thereof to Sale, within the true in be judge! an extent and Meaning of this and the said recited Act; anything in this or in the said recited Act contained to posing to Sale. the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Killing any

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever fhril

Hare, C in take, kill, or destroy any Hare, Pheasant, Partridge, Moor, Heath Game, or Grouse, in the Night Time, the Night, to tl

A.D. 1710. Anno 110110 Ann Regina;

C 26. 565

the Person or Persons so offending, shall likewise for every such Offence incur such Forfeitures, Pains', and Penalties, as aforesaid, to be recovered likewise by such Means, within such Time, and, to such Uses, as' aforesaid. '

IV. And whereas very great Numbers of wildfowl, of several Kinds, are dellroyed by the pernicious practice of driving and taking them with Hayes, Tunnels, and other Nets, in the Fens, Lakes, and broad Waters, where Fowl resort in the moulting Time, and that at a Season of the Year when the Fowl are sick, and moulting their Feathers, and the Flesh unsavoury and unwholesome, to the Prejudice of those that buy them, and to the great Damage and Decay of the Breed of wildfowl; 'ie it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, between the first Day of July and the first Day of September, as they shall yearly happen, shall by Hayes, Tunnels, or other Nets, drive and take any vvild Duck, Teal, Widgeon, or any other Fowl, commonly reputed Water Fowl, in any of the Fens, Lakes, Broad Waters, or other Places of f, efort for Wildfowl in the Moulting Season, such Person or Persons, who shall so offend, and thereof shall be convicted before any one or more of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace for the County where such Offence shall be committed, by the Oath of one or more credible Witness, shall for every Wild Duck, Teal, or other Water Fowl so taken, as aforesaid, forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings; one Moiety thereof to be paid to the Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall he committed; the same to be levied by Distress and Sale of the offender's Goods, by Warrant under the Hand and Seal of the Justice and Justices of the Peace, before whom the Offender shall be convicted, rendering the Overplus, if any be, above the Penalty and Charge of Distress; and for want of Distress the Offender of Offenders shall he committed to the House of Correction for any Time not exceeding one Month, nor less than fourteen Days, there to be whipped and kept to hard Labour; and the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Person or Persons so offending shall be convicted, shall order such Hayes, Nets, or Tunnels, that were used in driving and taking the said Wildfowl, as aforesaid, to be seized, and immediately destroyed, in the Presence of such Justice or Justices,

incur the like forfeitures,

xo Geo. 2. C 5'

CAP. XXVI '

An act for the better Preservation and Improvement of the Fishery within the River of Thames,

and for regulating; and governing the Company of Fishermen of the said River. 3.

& ° D D r 31 Ed. 3.

WHEREAS the Preservation of the Fishery of the River of Thames, and the good Government of the Company of Fishermen of the said River, are not only highly necessary for funiishing herma, ^, J'3"*'

jesty's Subjects inhabiting within the Cities of Lomhti and Westminster, and the Parts adjacent, with good, 17 r. 2. 9.

wholesome, cheap, and seasonable Fish, but likewise advantageous to her Majesty, and the Trade of this 2 //. 6. «. 15.

Kingdom, in breeding up able-bodied seafaring Men, and preventing Frauds committed in running of 24 C

Goods and Merchandizes, whereby the Revenues of the Crown have been much lessened; 'it enabled L'2 "by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and 5 £}, Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That fa, 1. from and after the tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, it shall and may be lawful to After 10 June and for the Court of Assistants of the said Company for the time being, or the major Part of them present, 17.11. the Comt to make such Bylaws and Ordinances for the good Rule and Government of the said Company, as they of Afliftanrs of shall think fit, so as the same be always first approved of, or from time to time altered or amended by the Court of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the City of London, and likewise allowed and confirmed, ac nuke by ux, cording to the Form of the Statute in that behalf made and provided; and that from and after the said to be approved tenth Day of June, there shall be yearly and every Year elected and chosen by the next Court of Lord by the Court of Mayor and Aldermen, to be held alter the said tenth Day of June, out of the six Wardens of the said Com Aldermen oi party, for the time being, to be nominated by the said Court of Assistants, one fit Person to bea Mailer of vhu'ra; '^] the said Art or Mystery of Fishermen; also out of twelve Assistants to be nominated, as aforesaid, LIX out of the g fit Persons to be. Wardens of the said Art or Mystery, (whereof the Water Bailiff of the City of London, wjr.icns of the for the Time being, shall be one) and in like Manner out of sixty of the Commonalty to be nominated, as Company, a aforesaid, thirty fit Persons to be Assistants of the said Company; which said Master, Wardens, and af fifiants, or any sixteen of them, together with three of the said Wardens, shall be, and are hereby consti njnv. tuted the Court of Assistants of the said Company, for the time being, and shall meet and assemble together, 0f\he n af from time to time, on the first Thursday in every Calendar Month in the Year, in the Hall of the said Com fiiuntv6 War. pany, in order to form the said Court of Assistants, and keep the same, for regulating and reforming Abuses tky (jh: Water committed in the said Fishery, and for the due ordering and Governance of the said Company; to the hold ing of which Court the said Water Bailiff shall be always duly summoned to attend; and the said Court of an", ^fii!ws. Assistants, or the major Part of them present, shall, from time to time, call before them all and every such The Mailer, &.. i Person and Persons as shall ul to fish or drudge within the Limits of the said Fishery as common Fisher condituped t!, s men or drujgermen, and cause every such Person and Persons, being duly qualified, or having served on Court of assis boaid her Majesty's Navy for the Space of two Years, to have his or their Name or Names' entered and re Grit

giftred in a Book or Books to be kept by the said Court of Assistants for that Purpose, together with his Thmi jay in and their respective Places of Abode, and the Name of every Apprentice or Servant belonging to him or eve, y Month, to 1. them, in using the Trade of fishing or drudging within the said Limits; and shall likewise cause fonie Mark regulate alufcs, of Distindrion, by Figure or otherwise, to be placed on every Boat, Vessel, and Craft, which shall. after the said tenth Day of June, be used in fiftiing or drudging within the Limits aforesaid; said Figure Fift

mc n, and cause their Names to be registered, C shall cause Marks to be put on every Boat.

Ttt'or

Vol. IV

Anno none Annte Regmse.

A.D. 1

710*

Every Person summoned, C and refuting to appear, hall be fenton board the Fleet, and disabled from fish

24 Aug, Nov.

and II

ver, top refer ve the Fry.

or Mark of distinction shall not be changed, altered, or defaced, to the end, that from time to time, and at all Times hereafter, every such Person and Persons, Apprentice, and' Servant, as shall offend, contrary to the Meaning of this Act, may the better be detected, and that her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, may the better be enabled to knew what Number of able-bodied Seamen the Paid Company can furnish for public Service; and that every Person and Persons being duly summoned by the Direction of the said court of Assistants, to be and appear before them, in order to be entered and serve on board her Majesty's. Navy, who shall, without lawful Cause, refiife or neglect to appear, according to the Tenor of such Summons, shall be fenton board her majesty.'s Navy, and be disabled from fishing on the said River of Thames ing for 2 Years, for the Space of two Years.

No Spawn, CII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall, from and to be killed, caster the said tenth Day of June, wilfully kill, or expose to Sale, any Spawn, Fry, or Brood of Fish, or Spatt of Oysters, or amr unfizable, small, or unwholesome Fish, or catch, kill, or destroy any Fish out of Season, or expose such f ifh to Sale, or wilfully or knowingly buy, harbour, receive, or use as Food for or Fish caught Hogs, or otherwise, any such Spawn, Fry, Brood of Fish, or Spatt of Oysters, unfizable, small, or 1111-om of Season. wholesome Fish, or any Fish caught out of Season, on Pain of being punished as herein after is men no Salmon to be tioned; and that Salmon Fish, which are become very scarce by destroying great Quantities of Salmon, taken between anj salmon kina fish, betwixt the twenty-fourth Day of Augitft and the eleventh Day of November in every Year, when they are out of Season, or spawning, may become very plentiful and common in the said Fishery, as they were formerly, no Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to fish for, or take and wilfully kill, hurt, or destroy any Salmon, or salmon kind Fish within the said Limits, at any Time or Times betwixt the said twenty-fourth Day of August and the said eleventh Day of November in any Year, from The Lord May and after the said tenth Day of June, and that it shall and may be lawful for the said Lord Mayor, upon or, C may or Application to him by the said Court of Assistants, to order and direct any Number of Strkes to be driven fixed in the Ri an f>xed in any Place within the said River, betwixt the London Mark Stone above Stains Bridge and London Bridge, as by him and them shall be thought most convenient for preserving the Fry, Spawn, and Brood of Fish, so as the same be no ways prejudicial to the Navigation of the said River i and that no Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume, without lawful Authority, to remove, loosen, or pluck up the same, on pain of being punished as herein after is mentioned.

III. And to the Intent the Public may be served with Fish cheap, and at the first Hand, and for a more _ speedy Way to punish Offenders, who daily regrate great Quantities of unfizable and unseasonable, as also

nofifli shall be other Fish, in and at the Market of Billingsgate; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That mce wtthi'n Eil no^ shall be sold more than once within the said Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of Bil lngigate Mar" Ungfgate Dock, to which all Sorts of Fish are usually imported; nor shall any Person or Persons, other ket, e. and than free Fishmongers, in their Houses and Shops, situate and being within the Difiance of the said one none to sell Fish hundred and fifty Yards of the said Dock, and not in the Market of Billingsgate aforesaid, and other than an the said Mar fishermen, or the first Importers of, or Persons bringing up such Fish to the said Market, their Wives, ket, except free Apprentices, Factors, or Servants, for the time being, adftually hired for that Purpose, prefuene to sell, or expose to Sale, any Manner of Fish whatsoever m or at the said Market, or within one hundred and fifty Yards of the said Dock, after the said tenth Day of June, on Pain of being punished as herein after is mentioned.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Court of Assistants shall yearly and every Year, by even and equal Portions, on the Feast Days of Easter and Michaelmas, pay or cause to be paid unto the said Water Bailiff, or his Assigns, the Sum of thirty Pounds, free from all Taxes and other Encumbrances, in Lieu and Satisfaction of such ancient Fees as were due to him, and which will be dim'i liished or taken away, by virtue of this Act, except the granting Licences for taking Fish in their several Seasons, according to custom, the Benefit whereof is hereby intended to be continued and saved unto the said Water Bailiff for the time being, over and above the said Sum of thirty Pounds per Annum.

Yut'n't°y a V And for the further preventing forestalling, regrating, and engrossing Fish, at unseasonable Hours, in Market, See' be Market of Billingsgate; it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Fish whatsoever shall

lore to be sold or exposed to Sale, on board or on shore, (within the Limits of the said Market, or within one Morning from hundred and fifty Yards of the said Dock, as aforesaid) by any Person or Persons whatsoever, before the I, ajy Day to Hours of Three a Clock in the Morning from Ladyday to Michaelmas, and before the Hours of Five a rom miebac/ n lhe Morning, from Michaelmas to Lady Day, and so annually; and that the proper Officer do ring

'the Bell appointed for that Purpose, at the Time and Place aforesaid, under the Penalties to be i nil idled Cay. by this act.

The L May

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the - City of London, or any one of them, for all Offences committed within the jurisdiction of the said Lord Mayor, as Conservator of the said River of Thames, and the Justices of the Peace of the respective Counties, or any one of them, for all Offences committed in the said Limits, and out of the Jurisdiction of the said Conservator, shall have full Power, upon View, or upon Complaint made to them, or any one of them, to examine, hear and determine, by the Oath of any Person, or by Confession of the Party offend ing_, all Complaints and Offences committed against the Intent of this Act, and upon conviction of such Offender, to impose a Fine upon him or her, proportionable to the Offence so committed, not exceeding the Sum of ten Pounds, nor less than the Sum of five Shillings, to be levied by Distress, or otherwise, on such offender's Goods and Chattels, at the Discretion of the said Lord Mayor, Aldermen, or Justices, or any one of them, unless such offender shall immediately pay such Fine, or give good and fviecient secu tress, uniefepaid rjty to such Magistrate or Magistrates before whom he or she shall be so convicted, to Hand to and abide semrity givea°r Order as final 1 be made by the Court of Conservancy, held by the said Lord mayor, as Conservator.

the Or as aforesaid. such conviction as shall be made by the said Lord Mayor and Aldermen, or any one of «jsi it the fail them, or at the General Quarter sessions, by the Justices of the Peace holding the same, upon any such.

conviction

Fish mongers, euhermen, See,

The Court of af tistants to pay 30 1. per Ann to the Water baihffv

r, See, shall have Power to determine Complaints,

and impose a. Vine on Offenders, not above jqi. noriefs than 5 s. to be levied by Dif

Anno nono Ann; e Reginas

C 27.

5°7

Conviction made before thdfii, or any one of them, in case the Offender shall think lit to appeal to the said Court of Con court of Conservancy, or to the said Quarter sessions; and in case no Distress or Distrefi es can be found, fervaner> c the Offender or Offenders shall be sent to the House of Correction, there to remain without Bail or main prize, and to be kept to hard Labour, for any Time not exceeding two Months; and that all and singular ^5 j entet" the Forfeitures and Penalties arising by this present Act, for any Offences contrary thereunto, committed honfeofcor within the Jurisdiction of the said Conservator, shall, from time to time, be paid, the one Moiety to the reflion for Informer, the other Moiety unto the said Lord Mayor, as Conservator of the said River of Thames; and Months, that all the Forfeitures and Penalties arising by this present Act, for any Offences contrary thereunto, committed out of the Jurisdiction of the said Conservator, shall, from time to time, be paid, the one Moiety j]°w the for to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, and the other Moiety to such Person who 'elt?.re, s shall bb shall prosecute the said Offender. Jpp le

VII. Saving always to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, her heirs and Successors, and all Bodies Po Saving to the litick or Corporate, and to the High Court of Admiralty, and the Court of Conservancy, and all other Crown, call Courts and Persons, all Fines, Forfeitures, Penalties, Amerciaments, and Wreck of Sea, which of Right ur"scs't c°r eit> have been reserved, and become due and payable to the said Courts and Persons respectively, for and in re '

spect of the said Fishery or Drudging, or otherwise, and all Rights, Titles, Estates, Juiifdiftions, Privileges, Franchises, or Demands whatsoever, in as full and ample Manner as the same were or have been before the making of this Act.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything herein This at shall

contained, shall not extend, or be construed to extend, to prejudice or derogate from the Rights, privi "otpre i "dlce leges, or Authorities of the City of London, exercised by the Lord Mayor of the said City for the time London &nor°of being, as Conservator of the said River of Thames and Waters of Medway, or elsewhere, or any of the the Admiralties Rights of the Admiralties or Vice admiralties of Kent or ej]ex, or the Pifcaries orfilhings belonging or of Kent or ef appertaining to the said City of London, or any other City or Town Corporate, or any Lords of Manors, senor of

Proprietors, Owners, or Occupiers of any Rivers, Creeks, Streams, or Fisheries, adjacent to, or within Vf Lords f

any Part of the said Limits, or to the Rights of any other Person or Persons within the Limits aforesaid. Manors, C

IX. Provided always, That nothing in this Act: contained Rial! extend, or be construed to extend, to any Norfiiall it ex

Fishermen or Drudgermen, who now do, or shall hereafter inhabit or dwell in any of the Cinque Ports, telld to fisher or their Members, or in the City of Rochester, or Towns or Places of Strood, Chatham, Finjbvry, G'tlling ^"he'cin'ue1* ham, Milton, slteenborough, Feversham, jvhitjla^le, or the Places adjacent; but that such Fishermen and por't* r, " Drudgermen shall and may use and exercise their Trades of Fishing and Drudging, and Selling, in as full tier, kc.

and ample a Manner as they have heretofore lawfully done, to all Intents and Purposes as if this Act had

never been made.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall be deemed and taken to be, It shall be taken

and is hereby declared to be a Public Act of Parliament, of which all Judges, Justices, and other per as a Publitl5 fons are to take Notice; and in case any Action, Bill, Plaint, Suit, or Information shall be commenced or be prosecuted against any Person or Persons for what he or they shall do in pursuance, or by virtue of this Act, brouehr the E

such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Blue, and give this Act, and the Special Matter Defendant may in Evidence; and the Defendant or Defendants shall, in case the Plaintiff be nonsuited, or discontinue plead the ge his Action, or that.a Judgement upon a Demurrer, or a Verdict pass against the Plaintiff, recover his or their nera ff'ue

full Costs of Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants shall have the like Remedy as in such cases'"r ftlicofo1" where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to Defendants.

XI. Saving also unto Margaret Cage, Widow, her Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, out of all Saving to Mar.

Moneys arising to the said Company by this Act, and the other Profits and Income of the said Company, garet Cage her one Annuity granted unto her, under the Common Seal of the said Company, for her Life, and all Ar for

rears thereof, with Interest. fr yw,

fons concerning the Fishery, I Geo. i, flat. 2. C 18. 5 Geo. I, c. 18. 2 Geo. 2. c. 19.9 Geo. 2. c. 33, 22 Geo 2. C 49, 23 Geo. 2. c. 24 & 26. 26

Geo. 2. c. 9. 28 Geo. 2. c. 14. 29 Geo. 2. c. 23 39. 30 Geo. 2. c. 21 30. 33 Geo. 2. c. 27.

CAP. XXVII.

An act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America.

EXP.

WHEREAS y an Act of Parliament made in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An 6 Anns, C 37. Act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America 3 it is, among other Things, enacted, That the Flag officers, Commanders, and other Officers and Seamen of any Ship or Vessel of War in her Majesty's Pay or Service, and the Owner or Owners of any Private Ship of War, authorised and appointed by Commission or Commissions according to the said Act, during the present War, to attack, surprise, seize, and take any Ship, or other Private Ship or Ships of War, or Vessels, Goods, Ammunition,

Arms, Stores of War, or Merchandizes, belonging to, or possessed by any of her Majesty's Enemies, in any Sea, Creek, Haven, or River in America, (except as therein is excepted) shall have the foie Interest: and Property of and in all and every such Ship, Vessel, Goods, and Merchandizes, being first adjudged lawful Prize, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Admiralty, and subject to the Customs and Duties payable to her Majesty, as if the same had been first: imported to any Part of Great Britain, and from thence exported, for and in respect of all such Goods and Merchandizes, to be divided and disposed of as in the said Act is directed; pursuance of which Act several Bonds and other Securities have been given for the Payment of such Customs and Duties for Prize Goods and Merchandizes taken in America, and adjudged to be lawful Prize; but by Experience it is found that the subjecting such Prize Goods and Merchandizes taken in America, to such Customs and Duties, as if the same had been imported into any Part of Great Britain, and from thence exported, hath been very prejudicial to her Majesty's'plantations and

T 11 2 ' Colonies,

8 C 28. Anno nono anne Regina. A.D. 1710.

Colonies, and hath, in a great Measure, prevented the Importation thereof into those Plantations and Colonies;Ee it therefore enacted, Cfty

"After 1 June 1711. all Prize Goods, &c. taken in America, shall be liable to Duties, See 10 Annre,

C z2. and 10 Ann. C 26. §113."

II. And whereas several Bonds and other Securities have been obtained at Jamaica, for the Payment of Duties chargeable by virtue of the said Clause in the Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, upon Cocoa, Sugars, Indico, Snuff, Tobacco, Piemento, and other Commodities of the Growth of America, 1 which are usually afterwards imported into this Kingdom, and pay the full Duties here; and also for

Wines and Brandies which are feldoni sent from Great Britain, which may reasonably be discharged of the said British Duties, because the said several Commodities are, upon their Importation into Jamaica, liable to pay large Customs towards the Support of that Government; 'Be it therefore, C

ec All Bonds, fav. at Jamaica, to which Captors are liable for Duties on Cocoa, Sugar, &c. shall not be "prosecuted till the "End of the next Sessions of Parliament. The Tenor, &c. of the said Bonds, &c. Concerning Planto be certified to the Commissioners of the Customs in England, who shall make Report thereof to the tatism, jeefar "Commons in next Parliament. All Prize Goods imported into Great Britain, made liable to the same, eer 4 "Duties as if they had not been Prize."

C II 5 Ga. I. 1

s. 12 & i. 13 Geo. 1. c. 5, 3 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 2 & 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7 & 9. 6 Geo. C 13. 8 Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. 15 Geo.

2., C 31, © "33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 fijf 53, 29 Geo. 2. c. 5 & 35. 30 Geo. 2. t. 9.

9 11. Am. 1.

C 10. 16 & 11

car.z. c. 2. 30 Car. 2. C 3.

6 & 7 ir. 3. C 18.9£>' 10 W. 3. C 13.

20 ll W. 3.

C 21. 8 Ann.

{. 4.9Am.

C 6 © 22.

Contrasts between Coal Owners, &c. for engrolting Coals, S; C illegal.

Cap. xxviir.

An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future Combination of Coal owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal trade.

"'&Y7rhereas the Cities of Louden and Westminster, and other Places, are chiefly supplied with ' Coals brought by Sea from the Counties of Durham, Northumberland, and Town and County of newcajue upon 'Line, and the having the same at cheap and reasonable Prices, tends greatly to the sin, ' of the Manufactures and Increase of the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom, by breeding and employing many thousands of skilful Mariners for the Service of her Majesty, and Defence of the Realm, and to the Relief of the Poor; and for that End, and for the better advancing of the Duties upon Coals granted to her Majesty for the carrying on the present War against the Common Enemy, it is northeast cessary the same should not be monopolised, but that the Coal Trade should be free and open, and that all Prejudices, Hindrances, and Obstructions, that may any ways afteft the said Trade, should be re. ' prevented, and hindered; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by. the Authority of the same, That all and every Contract or Contracts, Covenants or Agreements, whether the same be in Writing or not in Writing, and whether heretofore made or entered into, or hereafter to be made or entered into, by or between any Coal owners, Lightermen, Sitters, Masters, or Owners of Ships or vessels, Crimps, Coal Factors, or other Person or Persons whatsoever concerned in the said Coal Trades for engrafting Coals, or for restraining or hindering any Person or Persons whomsoever from freely selling, buying, loading or unloading, navigating ordifposing of Coals, in such Manner as they lawfully may, shall be, and are hereby declared to be illegal, null, and void, to all Intents and Purposes: And further, that if any Coal Owners, Lightermen, Sitters, Masters, or Owners of Ships or vessels, 1

Penalty on Coal,

Owners, see. af Crimps, Coal Factors, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, at any Time or Times, from and.

rer 1 June 1711.^- - - - "

keeping up loch qonuv&s, &c.

5i«ers Certifi. cares to the Ship Mailer,

1 after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, keep up, continue, aft in, make, enter into, sign, seal, or be knowingly interested or concerned in any Contrast or Contrasts, Covenants or a greements, before by this Act declared to be illegal, null, and void, or shall erect or keep up any Office or Offices, Chamber or Chambers, or other Place or Places for the Management of such Contrast or Contrasts, Covenants or Agreements, as Party or Parties to, or knowingly interested in the same, or shall any ways aft or officiate therein, as Officer, Clerk, Agent, or Servant to or for the Persons so contrasting. or acting, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, the Person or Persons so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay as follows; that is to say, every Coal Owner or Owners, or Proprietor of on in any Pit or Mine, Pits or Mines of Coal, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; and every Sitter, whether acting by himself, his agent or Servant, the Sum of fifty Pounds; and every Master or Owner of any Ship or Vessel, the Sum of twenty Pounds; and every Officer, Clerk, Agent, or Servant, as aforesaid, the Sum of twenty Pounds.

II. And for the further Encouragement of the said Coal Trade, and for preventing of Frauds and Abuses therein; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sitter or other Person, vending or delivering Coals, or some or one of them, shall give a full, true, and ample Certificate or Certificates to each and every Ship Master every Voyage, signed by his or their bland Writing, containing the Day of the Month, and Year of such Loading, the Masters and Ships Names, and the exact Quantity, and the usual Names of the several and respective Collieries out of which the said Coals are and shall be wrought and gotten, and the Price paid by the Master or Masters for each and every Sort of Coals that each and every. Fitter or other Person, vending., or delivering Coals as aforesaid, his or their Agent or Servant, hath sold and loaded on board each and every Ship or veltc!; which said Certificate or Certificates shall, upon the'

4s - - Arriyal

Anno nonoannj Regins.

C 28.' 509

Arrival of the said Ship at the Port of London or any other Delivering Port, be registered, if delivered inr*° e registr^d at the Port of London, at the Cocquet Office, always kept and appointed by the Lord Mayor of London, forhc 9oe<luel of the time being; and if delivered in any other Delivering Port, then at the customhouse, with the Keeper o^tte0"'of the Cocquets there, for registring whereof no more than sixpence 'shall be paid;: to which said Register Keepers of Coe. any Person or Persons shall and may have Recourse to see and examine without Fee or Reward: And in case quetsinot!?er. any Person or Persons omit or refuse to give such Certificate or Certificates, as aforesaid; of fhitlbgive or Po, ts make any false Certificate or Certificates, or any Master or Masters' of any Ship or Vessel shall1 knowingly ^efujing to glve give in any false Certificate or Certificates to be registered, shall not, within forty-eight hours after entry crt' cate of his Ship at the customhouse of London, or other Delivering Port, give in his or their Certificate or Certificates to be registered in Manner aforesaid; if the Person or Persons who ought to register, 'file, or enter or not regiflring, such Certificate or Certificates, or his or their Clerk or Deputy, officiating in such Office or Offices, shall for/sits ioi. u neglect to register the same for the Space of four and twenty Hours after the delivering such; Certificate or.

Certificates into such Office or Offices, or shall make a false Entry of such Certificate or certificates]'or.' refuse to show and produce such Certificate and Certificates, and Register thereof, to any Person or Persons, coming at the usual office hours to see and inspect the same; every Person so offending shall, for every such

forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds. '

III. And whereas several Lightermen, Masters of Ships, Crimps, Coal Factors, or other Persons deal ingor being concerned in the Coal Trade, in the Port of 'London, or other Ports, have received" Salaries,

Gratuities, Rewards, or Sums of Money, either by the Year or Chalder, or otherwise, from the Coal

Owners, Sitters, or Masters of Ships, in the Port of London, or elsewhere]"to the Discouragement oflf

the said Coal Trade; 'For Remedy whereof, be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Lightermen, Lighterman or Lightermen, Master or Masters of Ships, Crimp, Coal Factor, or other Person or Persons', receivin^saiarjei. buying or selling, or dealing in Coals, or otherwise concerned in the Coal Trade, by him or' themselves, rom j? '

his or their Agent or Servant, or any other Person or Persons] shall, at any Time or Times, from, and after ersyftc 'or'eic the first Day of June aforesaid, receive or take, for the Use or Benefit of such Lighterman or Lightermen, fwel.bundrert Master or Masters of Ships,; Crimp, Coal Factor, or other Person or Persons, any Salary, Gratuity, Pounds are for Reward, Allowance, Sum or Sums of Money, from any Coal Owner, Fitter, Master of Ships, or other, fated, over anl Person or Persons whatsoever, for eontradling, buying, vending, felling, or disposing' of any particular; al'°ve Sorts of Coals, in Preference of any other Sorts of Coals, or for the Loading of any Ship or Vessel, or for ere y lr'"

the Dispatch, Deliveryp or Disposal of the coals from on board of any ship or Ships, or Vessels, before 5 Geos. C is, other Ship or Ships, or Vessels, or shall knowingly sell one Sort opcoals for and as a Sort which they really 4.

are not; every Person offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds, ".

IV. And. for the better Discovery of all or any the Offences in this Act mentioned Be it enacted by the offender difeo authority aforesaid, That any Person that shall be guilty of any the said Offences, and shall, within three vering, indem -- Months. after the Offence committed, make Discovery of any Coal Owner or Owners, or Proprietor of n'fed, and re. any Coal Pit or Pits, or of any Fitter, their Officer, Clerk, Agent or Servant, or of any Master or Owner "2r

of any Ship or Vessd, or of any Lighterman, Crimp, Coal Fadlor, or other Person concerned in the Coal Trade, so as he or they shall be convicted of any of the said Offences, such Discoverer shall be discharged of and from the Penalties and forfeitures.for such Offences, and shall receive the same Benefit and advaar tage as any other Person or Persons shall be entitled unto, by virtue of this Act, for such Discovery or Information.

V. And be it further enacted, That if any Number of Ships; being loaden with Coals, and bound for Above fifty Coal. the Port of London, or any other Port where the said Coals shall be delivered, exceeding fifty in the Whole, Ships, conti shall, after they are loaden, continue in the Port of.neivcastle, or in any other Port or Place between New "uins Mattered castle and London, above the Space of seven Days, unless they shall be unloaden in such Portor Place, or Sol. each., -, prevented by Wind and Weather, or for Want of necessary Repairs, Convoy, or same other unavoidable

Cause, every Master of every Ship, so continuing, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit: and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds.

VI. And whereas the exporting Coals to Parts beyond the Seas, in briti/io Ships, tends very much to Ship, Matter,

the Improvement and Increase of the British Navigation To the End' therefore that all reasonable En paying ver couragement may be given to such Exportation; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That coa/s^tthave any Ship Matter, whose Ship is loaden with Coals only, and has entered into Bond to deliver the said Coals cwt eondlitvin some Port of Great Britain, may, upon producing his Coast Cocquet, and malting oath of the true charged. Quantity of Coals aboard his Ship (such Quantity not being less than is expressed in the said Cocquet) before the proper Officer of the Customs, in any Port of Great Britain, pay the Custom or Gver sea Duty

for such Coals, and shall, on such Payment, receive a Certificate, signed and foaled by the Customer and Comptroller or" such Port, for such Duty so paid; which Certificate, being; given into the Customhouse of the Port where such Coals were laid on board, shall discharge the Coast Bond given by such Ship master. the same Manner as if the said Coals had been landed in some Port of Great Britain.

VII. And whereas several Persons acting as Crimps, Husbands, Agents, or Fadlorsfor masters.of'

Ships importing Cords into the Port of London, under Colour of such their Employments, do often frau dulently vend the Coals entrusted to them by the said Ship Masters, as aforesaid, to their own Agents,

Partners, Servants, or other Persons, for their own Use and Benefit, and at Rates below the market Price, and when so sold do again greatly advance the Rates thereof, to the Prejudice and Discouragement.

of the said Ship Masters, and great Oppression and Hindrance of the Manufacturers, and other Con .-1 fumers of Coals For Remedy whereof, and preventing the like Mischief for the future; Be it further..crimp.* C enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, as Crimp; Htrfband, Agent, or vcrdl"g Coals to Fadlor for any Ship Master importing Coals into the said Port oi.loudon, shall]. from and after the said first Day of June, vend or sell to his or their own Agents, Partners', or Servants, or to any other Person or Per so"themfcivk, Ions whomsoever, in Trust for bim.: or them, or for his or their ewn Use, or Benefit] the.coals, or any Partforfeit 50v -

tn; ' thereof

Q G. 29, '30. Anno nono Annm Reginas afd, 1710.

; Colliers not to employ other Mens Servants.

thereof entrusted by any Ship Mailer to him: of them so to be sold, as aforesaid, every Person so offending

shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay the Sum of fifty Pounds;

Sitters, clay

VIII. And for preventing>the great Abuses to her Majestyiri her Customs and Revenue, by the secret

>ng Coals aboirj Practises between the Fitter, of Person laying Coals on board the Ships, and the Ship Mailers, by laying

j^dermro'l the Coals on board in Keels and Vessels not admeasured, gauged, and marked, according to Law; Be ge, erv. jo, therefore, enadlpd by the Authority aforesaid, That every Sitter, or other Person laying, loading, or put ting Cqals on board any Ship, or other Vdlel, in the Port of Newcastle upon Tine, Sunderland upon the River Ware, Cullccoats, Seaton Sluice, Blithe Nooke, or any other the Members, Havens, Creeks and Places whatsoever, to the said Port of neiucq/lle belonging, or in any wise appertaining, by or in any Keel, Cart, Wain, or other vessel, not admeasured, gauged, and marked, according to the Law in that Case made and provided, shall forfeit and pay for every such Offence the Sum of ten Pounds.

IX. And for the better carrying on of the said Coal Trade; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid,

that no Coal Owner of any Collieries or Goal Mines, within the Counties of Northumberland, Durham, or Town and County of Newcastle upon Tine, or his or their Overman or Overmen, Staithman, Fitter, or Agent, shall knowingly employ or set at Work any Overman, Under overman, Pitman, Sinker, Carriage Man, Wagon Driver, Skipper, Keelman, Labourer, Wright, or other Person or Persons, who are or shall be retained, hired, or agreed with, and actually employed in the said Coal Trade by any other Coal owner (of any Collieries or Coal Mines, lying or being within the Counties aforesaid, or any of them' or his or their Overman, Staithman, Fitter, or Agent, during the Time he shall be employed under such Retainer, Hiring, or Agreement, and his Wages duly paid, or knowingly keep or employ such Person or Persons, upon Pain and Penalty, for every six Days he or they shall keep or employ such Person or Persons, to forfeit and pay for every such Offence, the Sum of five Pounds.

X'Provided, That any Persons who shall be retained, hired, or agreed with, as aforesaid, and shall not be paid their Wages within fourteen Days after the same shall become due, may be hired and employed by any other Person or Persons whatsoever"

"And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and singular the Penalties and Forfeitures in ftnfauted, this af mentioned shall be, one Moiety to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety > thereof to him or them that shall sue for the same within the Space of three Months next after the Offence shall; committed, to be recovered with full Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager at Law, shall be allowed, or more than one Imparlance given.

Aa to continue '

XII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act shall continue and be 3 Years in force for three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer, jt^r^eperpctualbn Geo. , flat. 2. C 6.].

Codis, 'tz Ann. fiat, a, C917. 3 Geo. 2. c. 26. 4 Geo. 2. c. 30. 10 Geo. 2. c. 31. (which is made perpetual by 31 Geo. 2. c. 42. J II Geo. 2. c. 15.

)2ygeo,: z^c, L .14 Geo. ac, .41*, 17 GV<?. a. £., 35. >19 Geo. 2. c. 35. zz Geo. 2. c. 37. 23 Geo. 2. c. 26, 32 Geo. 2. c. 27.

fxjnless Wages not paid in 14 days,

Penalties how

; .; CAP. XXIX

an act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven, although the month's

Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid.

EXP.

CAP. XXX.

An Act For reviving and continuing an Act made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual preventing Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the Working up the Woollen, Linen, Fustian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom.

5 Anns, flat, a. ' I FI E R EA S an Act of Parliament was made in the first Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, c. 18'.'"*'V V An Act for the more effectual preventing the Abuses and Frauds of Persons employed in the working up the

Woollen, Linen, Fufian, Cotton, and Iron Manufactures of this Kingdom, 'to continue for the Space of, ' three Years, to commence from the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and three,

_- and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer: And whereas the said '* is expired, but while in being, was found of good Use, for preventing abuses.and Frauds of Persons employed in making of the said manufactures be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the said first Year of her now majesty's Reign, and every Article and Clause therein contained, shall be revived, and be in full £ee tie yearly force, from the first Day of May, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and

'. mutiny Acts, eleven, and from thence.be continued and made perpetual.

:; ir yet, 1 W t iu 1 <.

Anno Regni annie Reginze decimo,

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminste? the twenty-fifth Day of November, Anno Dorn. 1710, in the ninth Y, ear of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady ANNE, by the Grace of God, of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, OY. being the first Session of

thi*

this present Parliament. And from thence continued by several Prorogations, to the seventh Day of De #, R.

C cember 1711..* being the second Session of this present Parliament. co, a "s added.'

And further continued by Adjournments till the eighth Day of July in the eleventh Year of her Majesty's Reign,: -

CAP. I.

An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of. Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

EXP.

[4s. in the Pound:

CAP. II'.

An Act for preserving the Protestant "Religion, by better securing the Church' of England, 'as by Law established and for confirming the Toleration granted to Protestant Dissenters by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant sufess, differing from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, and for supplying the Defects thereof; and for the further securing the Protestant Succession, by requiring the Practicers of; the Law in North Briton to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration, therein mentioned.

"VT J WHEREAS an Act was made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the 13car.s.fhfj

Second, intuled. An Act for the well governing and regulating of Corporations; and another Act. was 1. C 1.

made in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled,5 Car. a. C 3.

An Act for the preventing Dangers which may happen from Popish Recujemts; both which Acts were made

ffior thersecurity, of the church oi england, as by Law established: for the better securing the said This Aa re Church, and quieting the Minds of her Majesty's Protestant Subjects dissenting from the Church of Eng pea!edt°

land, and rendering them secure in the Exercise of their Religious Worship, as also for the further strength sevenj"^ 10rr»4 'ening the Provision already made for the Security of the Sucqeflion to the Crown, in the House of Ha cf / s 4 nover; ' Be it enacted, &c.

After 25 March 1712. If any Officer, civil or military, b. c. who receives any Salary, (Act or if any " Magistrate of a Corporation, C who by the acts of 13 & 25 Car. 2. are obliged to receive the Sacra - "shall after their. Admission into their Office, and during their Office, and during their Continu " in it, be present at any Conventicle, Cfc. such Person hall forfeit 401. to be recovered by the Rro fecutor. Every Person so convicted, shall be disabled to hold his Office, C and incapable of any im ec ployment in England, C Person, after Conviction, conforming to the Church of England, for one Year, C shall be capable of the Grant of any Office. Every such Person to make Oath the next. 44 Term after Admission into any Office, or at the Quarter session, f Jc. that he hath conformed, isfe. Oath " to be made of the Offence within 10 Days, and Prosecution within 3 Months, C This Act: shall not vacate any Office of Inheritance, so as a Efficient Deputy be appointed to execute it.., R E P."

VII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Toleration The Toleration -- granted to the Protestant Dissenters, by the Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King William |rant^.t°pram' and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant subjcss, dissenting from the w.sim* Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws, shall be, and is hereby ratified and confirmed, and a i. c.'as. cor. that the same Act shall at all Times be inviolably observed for the exempting of such Protestant Dissenters firmed, as. are thereby intended, from the Pains and Penalties therein mentioned. if any Difi enter, -,

VIII. And for the rendering the said last mentioned Act: more effectual, according to the true Intent and (nut in Holy

Meaning thereof; ' Be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person disc, ers' C fenting from the Church of England, (not in Holy Orders, or pretended Holy Orders, or pretending to bee intituled to' Holy Orders, nor any Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation) who should have been intituled to the he Benefit of Benefit of the said last mentioned Act, if such Person had duly taken, made, and subscribed the Oaths and that Act, if he.' Declaration, or otherwise qualified him or herself, as required by the said Act, and now is or shall be pro had taken the fccuted upon or by virtue of any of the penal Statutes, from which protestant Difienters are exempted by. 9fnl' &c'r the said Act, shall at any Time during such Prosecution, take, make, and subscribe the said Oaths and.de cuaced, p, r°a*y claration, or being of the People called Quakers, shall make and subscribe the aforesaid Declaration, and penal Statute, also the Declaration of Fidelity, and subscribe the Profession of their Christian Belief, according to the said ftaiiduring Act, or before any two of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace (who are hereby required to take and return such Prof "utioa the same to the next Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be there recorded) such Person shall be, and is here take tbf pa?bs»* by intituled to the Benefit of the said Act, as fully and effectually as if such Person had duly qualified quaker/hzfi4 himself within the Time prescribed by the said Act, and shall be thenceforth exempted and discharged jf kethe dec!a» from all the Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by Force of any the aforesaid penal Statutes. ration, che

IX. And whereas it is or may be doubted whether a Preacher or Teacher of any Congregation: of dif stall be ented&m

fenting Protestants, duly in all respects qualified according to the said Act, be allowed by virtue of '

said Act, to officiate in any Congregation in any County, other than that in which he so qualifiedftp;, fontjnl"

himself, although, in a. Congregation or Place of Meeting duly certified and registered as is required by the Teacher, quaii;

said Act; 'Be it declared and, enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any such preacher or Teacher, /, CD according to so duly.qualified according to the said Act hall be and is hereby allowed to officiate in arty Congregation, the said Act, may although the same be not in the county wherein, he was so qualified; provided that the i^dvcohgregail^;°CW: "5n o

pthe. cocr.ty.,

512 C. 3 - 5. Anno decimo Annae Regina. A.D. 1711.

or Place of Meeting hath been before such officiating, duly certified and re giftred or recorded according' to

the said' Act: And such Preacher or Teacher, shall, if required, produce. a 'Certificate of his having so Such Teacher, to qualified himself, under the Hand of the Clerk of the Peace for the County or Place where he so qualified f>rodutvaget himself, which Certificate such Clerk of the Peace is hereby required to make; and shall also before any tificate^&c. of Justice of the Peace of such County or Place where he shall so officiate, make, and subscribe such declara lifi d hvm?e?f" don, an tac"uch Oaths as are mentioned in the said Act, if thereunto required.

See, and hall if required make the Declaration, £ccf, .

All Advocates,

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That on or before the fifteenth Day of June in Scotland, next, all Advocates, Writers to the Signet, Notaries Public, and other Members of the College of juf shall take the tice, within that Part of her Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, hall be and are hereby b/vann" " obliged to take and subscribe the Oath appointed by the Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, int., 4.'tituled, 'an Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government, before the Lords of Session of

Farther Provisi. the aforesaid Part of her Majesty's Kingdom; except such of the said Persons who have already taken the ons relating same: And if any of the Persons aforesaid do or shall neglect or refuse to take and subscribe the said Oath, hereto, Anna?, as aforesaid, such Person shall be ipso faciom adjudged incapable, and disabled in Law to have, enjoy, or ex refuting, C crc ce in any Manner his said Employment or Practice.

hall be judged uncapa ble to exercise his.imployment,

None hall be admitted to the Employment of Advocate, C till he hath taken the said Gath, 'See

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all time coming, no Person or Persons shall be admitted to the Employment of Advocate, Writer to the Signet, Notary Public, or any Office belonging to the said College of justice, until he or they have taken and subscribed the aforesaid Oath, in manner.as is above directed.

CAP. III.

I'3' ep\n Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Prlum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve: And for applying Part of the Coinage Duties to pay the Deficiency of the Value of Plate coined; and to pay for the recoining the old Money in Scotland,

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An Act for settling the Precedence of the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess of Hanover, of the Elector her Son, and of the Electoral Prince the Duke of Cambridge.

WHEREAS by the Laws and Statutes' of this Realm, the Imperial Crown and Dignity of the Kingdoms of Great Britain, France, and Ireland, and the Dominions thereunto belonging, after the Demise and Death of your Majesty, our most gracious Sovereign, whom God long preserve in Health and Prosperity, for the Happiness and Good of your Subjects, and in Default of Issue of your majesty's Body, is limited to the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover,

Royal Pleasure to the Lords Spiritual and Temporal in Parliament assembled, to have their Precedence '* settled by Act of Parliament, in Manner as herein after is mentioned We your majesty's most dutiful

After the Issue of the queen's the Princess Sophia, the Elector of brunswick, the wec tpral Prince, and the Heirs of the body of the Princess Sophia, being prote hints, to have iprecedence before the archbishop of canterbury, C

mons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That after die Royal Blue of your majesty's Body, the said most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, the most serene Elector of Brunswick Lunenburgh, her Son and Heir Apparent, the most Noble George Augustus, Electoral Vnnce of Hanover, and Duke of Cambridge, only Son of the said most Serene Elector, and also the Heirs of the Body of the said most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, being Protestants, in all Places, and upon all Occasions, shall have Rank and Precedence, and take Place, before the Archbishop of Cantabury, and all Great Officers, and the Dukes, and all other Peers of these Realms; any Law, Statute, or Custom whatsoever to the contrary notwithstanding.

---

CAP. V.

An act to repeal the Act of the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for naturalizing Foreign Protestants (except what relates to the Children of her Majesty's natural born Subjects born out of her Majesty's Allegiance.)

[7 Annae, c.5.]

'WHEREAS an Act of Parliament was made and passed In the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Foreign Protestants: And whereas diverse Mischiefs and Inconveniences have been found by Experience to follow from the same, to the Discouragement of the natural born Subjects of this Kingdom, and to the Detriment of the Trade and Wealth thereof;' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Annae Reginae. C. 6, 7. 513

[Repealed, except the Children of natural born subjects, born out of the Queen's Legiance.]

Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the before mentioned Act, and all the Matters and Things therein contained (except so much of the said Act by which the Children of all natural born Subjects born out of the Allegiance of her majesty, her Heirs and Successors, are to be deemed, adjudged, and taken to be natural born Subjects of this Kingdom) shall be, and is hereby repealed, annulled, and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; provided nevertheless,

[This Repeal not to prejudice any Persons naturalized before Feb, 1711.]

That such Repeal shall not in any Sort prejudice or impeach the Naturalization of any Persons who have been or shall be naturalized at any Time before the fourth Day of February which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and eleven, pursuant to the Directions of the before mentioned Act.

[4 Geo. 2. c. 21. which explains the Clause in 7 Ann. c. 5.]

CAP. VI.

An Act for explaining and altering the Laws now in Being concerning the Assises of Fuel, so far as they relate to the Assise of Billet made or to be made of Beech Wood only.

---

[

WHEREAS the several Laws appointing and directing the Assise of Fuel and Billet have been taken to extend unto Billets made of Beech Wood: And whereas the Assise of Billets made of Beech Wood neither have nor can, without very great Loss and Damage, both to the Owners of Beech Wood, and also the Buyers and Consumers of Beech Fuel and Billet, be observed: whereas several

have lately arisen concerning the Forfeiture of the said Beech Billet not made according to the Scantlings by the said Laws directed or appointed for the Assise of Fuel and Billet, by Reason of some general Words therein contained be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Laws appointing and directing the Assise of Fuel and Billet, or any of them, or anything the rein, or in any of them contained, shall not nor.do any wise extend, nor shall be construed to extend, unto Billet made or to be made of Beech Wood.

II. Provided nevertheless, That no Person or Persons whatsoever shall sell Billet made of Beech Wood by Retail, within the Cities of London and Westminster, or either of them, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, unless the same be affifed, cut, or marked, according to the Usage and Manner of marking of Beech Billet before the Act passed the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for making more effectual an Act of the forty third Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act concerning the Assises of Fuel, so far as it relates to the Assise of Billet, or by the Weight of the said Beech Billet, if the Buyers thereof shall require the same to be so weighed.

CAP. VII.

An act to prevent the difhirbing those of the Episcopal Communion in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the Exercise of their religious Worship, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England, and for repealing the at passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled An act against irregular Baptisms and Marriages.

WHEREAS since the abolishing of Episcopal Government in Scotland, those of the Episcopal Per suasion there have been frequently disturbed and interrupted in their religious Assemblies, and their Ministers prosecuted for reading the Englifl.') Service in their Congregations, and for adminiflring the Sa

craments according to the Form and Manner prescribed in the Liturgy of the Church of englandbe it j^Pree therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords fcr those of the Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of Episcopal com the same. That it shall be free and lawful for all those of the Episcopal Communion in that Part of Great munion in Scot britain called Scotland, to meet and assemble for the Exercise of Divine Worship, to be performed after hr, d, to aikinblc their own Manner by Pastors ordained by a Protestant Bishop, and who are not established Ministers of/j°rp afte"etheir" any Church or Parish, and to use in their Congregations the Liturgy of the Church of England, if they 0fn Manner, think fit, without any Let, Hindrance, or Disturbance from any Person whatsoever; all Sheriffs of 4c.

Shires, Stewards of Stewartries, and Magistrates of Boroughs, and Justices of the Peace, are hereby strictly All Sheriff?, C required to give all Manner of Protection, Aid, and Assistance to such Episcopal Ministers, and those of their own Communion, in their Meetings and Assemblies for the Worship of God, held in any Town in°heir Meet' or Place, except Parish Churches, within the Extent and Jurisdiction of that Part of Great Britain called; ngs, except in Scotland. "Parish Churches,

II. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That none shall presume to exercise None shall offi the Function of a Pastor in the said Episcopal Meetings and Congregations, except such as shall have re elate, but such as ceived Holy Orders from the Hands of a Protestant Bishop; that every Person who shall be called or Ave Iieken p" appointed to be a Pastor of Minister of any Episcopal Congregation or Assembly, before he take upon him testant slho to officiate as Pastor of the said Congregation, be hereby obliged and required to present his Letters of Or nqr till they have ders to the Justices of Peace, at their General or Quarter Sessions to b' held for the Shire, Stewartry, presented their City, Town or other Place in which the said Episcopal Congregation is or shall be; and that the said Let Letters of Oiders ters of Orders be there entered on Record by the Register or Clerk of the said Meeting of the Justices, for in the jufliws, which there shall be no greater Fee or Reward taken than the Sum of one Shilling.ce'jc e: esl"

21 Geo. 2. c. 34, 5.13. rtnjfeefarther ib Gcs. 2. C 25,

34 S' 35 //«.

f. 3.

43 El. C 14,

7 Edt 6. 7,

The Laws directing the af fife of Fuel, noto extend to Billet made of Beech Wood, Beech Wood Billet not to be sold by Retail in London, C unless it be affifed, C

9 Anna?, C 15. or sold by Weight,

C 7. Anno decimo anne Regins. A.D. 1711.

Ministers of the established Church, and of the Episcopal Congregations to take the Oaths, &c.

6 Anna?, C 14. Farther Proviso ns relating hereto,

10 Anna;, C 32,

The Oaths.

1 Geo. 1. c. 13. 5 Geo. 3. c. 29. $* 3*

1 W. Sc W. Sess. 2. C 2.

12 & 13 W. 3« C a.

Episcopal Meetings to be hell with Doors not locked, C and Persons frequenting them not exempted from Tithes, &c.

The A made in 1695 repealed j and none sir all 'incur any Penalty for refoit ing to Episcopal Meetings, C Episcopal Ministers may preach, e. Children christ ned by Episcopal Ministers, to be registered where the Parents re side.

No Episcopal Minister shall marry any whose Bans have not

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Ministers of the established Church of Scotland, and all and every Person and Persons, who is or are Pastor or Pallors, Minister or Ministers of any Episcopal Congregation in Scotland, shall be obliged, and are hereby required, on or before the fird Day of August next, to come to take and lubferihe the following Oaths, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as all Odicers. Civil and Military in Scotland are obliged to take the Oath recited in the fourteenth Act of the ilxth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majejlfs Person and Government; and that all Ministers of the established Church of Scotland, hereafter to be admitted into their respective Churches or Benefices, and all and every Person and Persons, who shall hereafter be Pastor or Pallors, Minister or Ministers of any Episcopal Congregation, flrall, before such admission or Exercise of their respective Functions, be obliged to take and subscribe likewise the following Oaths, in the same Manner, and under the same Penalties abovementioned.

I A.B. do sincerely premise and swear, That I will be faithful, and bear true Allegiance to her Majesty 4 JL Queen Anns.'

So help me God.

4 T ABDO truly and sincerely ackowledge, profess, testify, and declare in my Conscience, before go'd 4 J. and the World, That our Sovereign Lady Queen Anne is lawful and rightful Queen of this Realm, and of all other her Majesty's Dominions and Countries thereunto belonging; and I do solemnly and sin cerely declare. That I do believe in my Conscience, the Person pretended to be Prince of Wales, during the Life of the late King James, and fmee his Decease pretending to be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title cf King of England, by the Name of James the Third, or of Scotland, by the Name of James the Eighth, or the Style and Title of King of Great Britain, hath not any Right or Title whatso ever to the Crown of this Realm, or any other the Dominions thereunto belonging; and I do renounce, refuse, and abjure any Allegiance or Obedience to him. And I do swear. That I will bear Faith and true ajiegiance.to her Majesty Queen Anne, and her will defend, to the utmost of my Power, against all traitorous Conspiracies and Attempts whatsoever, which shall be made against her Person, Crown, or Dig nity. And I will do my belt Endeavour to disclose and make known to her Majesty, and her Success ors,

all Treasons and traitorous Conspiracies which I shall know to be against her, or any of them. And I 4 do faithfully promise, to the utmost of my Power, to support, maintain, and defend the Sitcceflion of the Crown against him the said James, and all other Persons whatsoever, as the same is and stands settled by an al, intituled, An Act declaring the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Sue ceffton of the Crown, to her present Majesty, and the Heirs of her Body being Protestants; and as the same, by one other al, intituled, An Act for the further Lhnitation of the Crown, and better securing the Rights and Liberties of the Subject, is and stands settled and entailed, after the Decease of her Majesty, and for Default of Blue of her Majesty, to the Princess Sophia, Elefilrefs and Duchess Dowager of Hanover,

and the Heirs of her Body, being Protestants. And all these Things I do plainly and sincerely acknow ledge and swear, according to these express Words by me spoken, and according to the plain and common Sense and Understanding of the same Words, without any Equivocation, mental Evasion, or secret Reservation whatsoever. And I do make this Recognition, Acknowledgment, Abjuration, Renunciation,

and Promise, heartily, willingly, and truly, upon the true Faith of a Christian.

So help me God.

IV. Provided always, That the Assembly of Persons for religious Worship in the Episcopal Meetings, beheld with Doors not locked, barred, or bolted, during such Assembly; and that nothing herein contained shall be construed to exempt any of the Persons frequenting the said Episcopal Congregations from paying of Tithes or other Parochial Duties to the Church or Minister of the Parish to which they belong, and in which they reside.

V. And whereas since the Establishment of the Presbyterian Government in Scotland, some laws have been made by the Parliament in Scotland against the Episcopal Clergy of that Part of the united Kingdom,

and particularly an al passed in the Parliament held in the Year one thousand frx hundred ninety five,

intituled, Act agahijl irregular Bapttfms and Marriages, by which all Episcopal Ministers, who were turned out of their Churches, are prohibited to baptise any Children, or to iblemnize any Marriage,

upon Pain of perpetual Imprisonment or banishment be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said act abovementioned be hereby repealed and annulled; and that in all Time coming no Person or Persons shall incur any Disability, Forfeiture, or Penalty whatsoever, upon Account of his or their resorting to the said Episcopal Meetings held for the Worship of God; and that it shall be free and lawful for all the Subjefits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to assemble and meet together for Divine Service, without any Disturbance, and to settle their Congregations in what Towns or Places they shall think fit to choose, except Parish Churches, and for the Episcopal Ministers, not only to pray and preach in the Episcopal Congregations, but to administer the Sacraments, and marry, without incurring any Pain or Penalty whatsoever; Law or Statute to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided always, That the Parents who have their Children christened by Episcopal Ministers, he hereby obliged to enter the Birth and Christning of their Children in the Register Books for Christnings belonging to the respective Parishes in which they live: And provided likewise, That no Episcopal Minister or Ministers, residing within that Part of the United Kingdom called Scotland, presume to marry any Persons, hut those whose Bans have been duly published three several lord's Days in the Episcopal congregations which the two Parties frequent, and in the Churches to which they belong as Parishioners, by virtue of their Residence; that upon the same Pains and Punishments, are already inflicted by the Laws of Scotland in Cases of clandestine Marriages; and the Ministers of the Parish Churches are hereby

obliged

Anno decimo Annae r.cginse.

C 8, 9. 515

obliged to publish the said Bans; and in case of Neglect or Refusal, it shall be sufficient to publish the keen publifl ed, said Bans in any Episcopal Congregation alone; any Law, Statute, or Custom to the contrary not with of

Rinding. chu' cliesob

VII. Provided always, and it is the true intent and Meaning of this Act, that all the Laws made against: iigea o pub profaneness and Immorality, and for the frequenting of Divine Services on the lord's Day, commonly lijji the Bats, called Sunday, shall be still in Force, and executed again! all Persons that offend again! the said Laws, or All Laws a shall not resort either to some Church, or to some Congregation or Assembly of Religious Worship allowed lmm° and permitted by this Act.

VIII. Provided likewise, That neither this Act, nor any Clause, Article, or Thing herein contained, xvisaa a'ail

ball extend, or be construed to extend to give any Ease, Benefit, or Advantage to any Papif! or Popish not give ary Recusant whatsoever, or to any Person that shall deny in his Freaching or Writing, the Dodtnne of the Bless Ease & to fed Trinity. Papists, C

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, at any time punishment of

after the twenty-fifth Day of March next to come, shall willingly, and of Purpose, maliciously or con such asfl aii tiniptuously, come into any Congregation or Assembly of Religious Worship, permitted by this Act, and rfifl arb any disquiet or disturb the same, or give any Disturbance to the said Congregation at the Doors or Windows, or cf°"=r)e.£atl°n misuse any Minister or Pallor of such Congregation, such Person or Persons, upon Proof thereof before \yorfljj|, .°'ls two Justices of the Peace, by two or more sufficient Witnesses, shall find two Sureties to be bound by Re 1

cognizance in the penal Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, for his or their Appearance at the next General or

Quarter Sessions, or before the Court of Justiciary, or other Judge or Judges competent, and in Default of such Sureties shall be committed to Prison, and upon Conviction of the said Offence, at the said General or

Quarter Sessions, or before the said Court of Justiciary, or other Judge or Judges competent, shall forfeit

chc Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other to be disposed of andofmagi

for the Use of the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed; and if the Magistrates of any firates hindering

Town or Place, or others pretending to have Authority or Jurisdiction anywhere in Scotland, shall, in those of the E

Contempt of this Law, forbid or hinder those of the Episcopal Persuasion from meeting or assembling to e^on^o meet

getlier for Divine Worship, in the Places subject to their Jurisdiction, or shall shut up, or cause to be shut C '!

up, the Doors of the Houses, or other Places where such Episcopal Assemblies are held, or intended to be

held, such Magistrates and others so offending, upon Proof thereof before the Court of Justiciary, by two

or more sufficient Witnesses, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds Sterling, to be distributed, as

aforesaid.

X. And be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Civil Pain or Forfeiture, No Forfeiture,

or Disability whatsoever, shall be in any ways incurred by any Person or Persons, by Reason of any Ex c stall bel'; communication or Prosecution in order to Excommunication by the Church Judicatories in that Part of Great Excom"*Britain called Scotland; and all Civil Magistrates are hereby expressly prohibited and discharged to force or munition1by compel any Person or Persons to appear when fuuimoned, or to give Obedience to any such Sentence when the church ju pronounced; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding. dicatories, C

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Minister and Preacher as well of All Minister?, the established Church in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, as those of the Efpifcopal Communion c to Pra>' for protedled and allowed by this Act, shall, at sometime during the Exercise of the Divine Service in such 1 )e ^cen> C respective Church, Congregation, or Assembly, pray, in express Words, for her mof! Sacred Majesty Queen Anne, and the most Excellent Princess Sophia, Electress and Duchess Dowager of Hanover, while living, and all the Royal Family: And every such Minister or Preacher neglecting so to do, shall for the fir! Of Forfeiture for fence forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds Sterling, to be recovered and distributed in such Manner as touch ever

ing the other Penalties in this Act is herein before directed; for the second Offence every Minister of miniftea/the' the established Church in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, being thereof convicted by the Oaths eftamished of two sufficient Witnesses before the Lords of Justiciary, shall be ipso fasio deprived, and declared incapa Church to be ble of any Church or Ecclesiastical Living, during the Space of three Years; and every Episcopal Mini deprived, cher allowed and protedled by this Act, being thereof in like Manner convicted, shall from thenceforth for ^minster" felt and lose the Benefit of this Act, and be declared incapable of officiating as Pallor of any Episcopal topiofc the be congregation, during the Space of three Years. nefitoftbis

XII. Provided always, That no Minister or Preacher offending herein, shall suffer such Penalties, or ei Aa, aether of them, unless he be prosecuted for the same within the Space of two Months after the Offence is Prosecution to

J be within two

committed. Months after

CAP. VIII the Offence.

An Act to continue the Act of the last Session of Parliament for taking, examining, and Sating the public e X P.

Accounts of the Kingdom for one Year longer.

CAP. IX.

An Act for Recruiting her Majesty's Land Forces and Marines, for the Service of the Year one thousand EXP

seven hundred and twelve.

U u u a

A IV

5 i 6 C io, 11.

Anno decimo Anne Regina?.

A.D. 1711.

CAP. X

An act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and false Musters, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters.

[General Issue.]

Officers of the Army or Navy sued, may plead the

[Double Costs.]

See the yearly Mutiny as,

LXI AND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Bill, Plaint or Suit J shall be brought against any Person or Persons, for any Act, Matter or Thing to be acted or done, pursuant to this Ac'c, or against any Officer or Officers of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, concerned in any Matter relating to the Army, or her Majesty's Naval Forces, or Ships of War, or the providing for the same, or any their Deputy or Deputies, or against any other Person or Persons acting by Authority from, or in Aid or Assistance of or by their Commandment, for or concerning any Matter, Cause or Thing by them done by virtue or reason of their or any of their Office or Offices, that it shall and may be lawful to and for all and any Person or Persons aforesaid, to plead thereunto the General litue, that he or they are Not guilty, and to give such Special Matter in Evidence to the Jury which shall try the Issue, which Special Matter being pleaded had been a good and sufficient Matter in Law to have discharged the said Defendant or Defendants of the Trespass or other Matter laid to his or their Charge: And if the ver dist shall pass with the said Defendant or Defendants in any such Action, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs therein become nonsuit, or suffer any Discontinuance thereof, that in every such Case the Justice or in ftices, or such other Judge, before whom the said Matter shall be tried, shall, by force and virtue of this Act, allow unto the Defendant or Defendants his or their Double Costs, which he or they shall have sustained by reason of their wrongful Vexation in Defence of the said Action or Suit, for which the said Defendant or Defendants final] have like Remedy, as in other Cases where Costs by the Laws of this Realm are given to the Defendants. Quis in Force?

CAP. XI.

An Act for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned, and also for giving the said Commissioners farther Powers for better elsefting the same, and for appointing Moneys for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Wcolnoth in the City of London.

9 Anns, C a2. C K WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building Fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof and other Purposes therein mentioned, it is,

amongst other Things, enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for her Majesty, by Letters

e Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, constitute, and appoint such Persons as her

C Majesty should think fit, to be Commissioners to inquire and inform themselves in what Parishes the said new Churches (except one for Greenwich) were most necessary to be built; and of proper Places for the Sites of the said respective new Churches; and also a Cemetery or Church Yard for each of the said

also which of the said Chapels within the said Parishes are fit to be made Parish Churches;

and that they should ascertain the several Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and the Bounds

and Limits which in their Judgement or Opinion might be fit to be made distinct Parishes; and should

inform themselves, by the best Means they could, of the Value of the Houses, Lands, Tenements,

and Hereditaments, and of the respective Estates and Interests therein, which the said Commissioners should think necessary to be purchased for the said Sites and Cemeteries, and for Houses for the habita tions of the respective Ministers; that the said Commissioners should, on or before the twenty-fourth 1 Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven, report or certify to her Majesty in Writing, C under their Hands and Seals, such Matters and Things, as should appear to them upon their Inquiries

aforesaid, with their Opinions thereupon, to the end such further Directions might be given thereupon,

as might be pursuant to her Majesty's pious Intentions in the Premises; in pursuance whereof her Ma

by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, did nominate, constitute, and appoint, several Commissioners for the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, with such Powers and Authorities as in the said recited Act are expressed: And whereas the said Commissioners did apply themselves to the Execution of the Powers therein mentioned, but could not perfect within the Time limited, what was by the said Act intended; which they humbly represented to her Majesty, under their Hands and Seals,

on the eighteenth Day of December last past:: 'the end therefore, that a Work so much for the Honour

i Ann. C 4. of God, the Spiritual Welfare of her Majesty's Subjects, the Interest of the established Church, and the

9 Ann. C 6. Glory of her Majesty's Reign, may be carried on and perfected; it enacted by the queen's most Excellent

Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That notwithstanding the Time The commiaio limited by the said Letters Patent is expired, it fit all and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, ners authorised so appointed by the said Letters Patent, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and to meet, tho the required to meet, from time to time, as often as there shall be Occasion, either with or without adjourn merits, and to inquire and inform themselves of all and every the Matters and Things therein committed, ce exi>ue. tq them, or ajly ye or more of them, and do and perform all and every the Matters and Things in or by the

Anno decimo anne Reginae.

C 11.

5l7

the said former or this present Act intended to be by them performed, until they shall have completed and finished the same.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the The Commission said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to con ners may contract!, agree for, and purchase all such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Rights, and In tia^hf" r, ', ad, terefls, as they shall think proper for the said new Churches, churchyards, or Cemeteries for the Burial ^ucr_c au !mds, of the Dead, and for Houses for Habitations of the respective Ministers of the respective newparish Churches,

intended to be er efted or made.

III. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That such Lands, Tenements, Rights, and Interests, so to The Lands Co be purchased in pursuance of this Act, shall be conveyed unto the said Commissioners, or any five or more purchased shall of them, and their Heirs, for the respective Purposes aforesaid; the said Commissioners, or any five or

more of them, are hereby authorised and empowered to cause such Churches to be built upon such Sites so n, s &c.vho" by them to be purchased, as aforesaid; and also cause such Chapels already erected, as they, or any five or shall cause the more of them, shall think proper to be made fit and convenient for Parish Churches, and to provide such Churches to be Houses for the Habitations of the respective Ministers of the said intended Parishes, and to cause such buiit> C Churchyards and Cemeteries to be made and enclosed for such new Parishes, as by the said former or this present Act are intended.

ivh And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or any five or more They may proof them, (where they shall see Occasion) shall provide more Cemeteries than one for any of the said in yide cernete tended new Parishes respectively; and wherever they shall purchase Ground for Cemeteries for any of the rles> C said intended new Parishes, without the Bounds and Limits of such new Parishes, the Ground so purchased for that Use, shall for ever after the purchasing and consecrating thereof, be deemed and taken to be Part of the Parish for the Use of which it shall be so purchased and consecrated, and shall be for ever discharged from any Rates or Taxes to the other Parish out of which it shall be lo taken. te Treasurr

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the m' d; lein. tj, e

Lord High Treasurer now being, or the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Officers of the time being, without any further or other Warrant or Authority to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Be Exchequer to rehalf, from time to time, to direct the Officers at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to receive by way of Loan (elve °'

from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, willing to make such UJS

Loan or Loans upon Credit of the several Duties upon Coals by the said former Act granted, such Sum and of the Comrffif sums of Money as any five or more of the Persons appointed by her Majesty's Commission or Letters Pa sioners shall tent before mentioned, shall, from time to time, or at any Time or Times, think necessary, and shall by think necessary. Writing under the Hands of them, or any five or more of them, desire to be raised (by way of Loan, as c nfe^aforesaid) for the beginning, carrying on, or effecting all or any the Services by the said recited at, or an(j to iio'vc-in this present Act intended, and to allow Interest not exceeding the Rate of Six Pounds per Centum per An tcreftat6l. per mart, for the Forbearance thereof; and that the Moneys solent, shall not be taxed or assessed by any Act Cent.

of Parliament whatsoever; that such Lenders shall have Tallies of Loan, and Orders for their Repay The Money Co ment, with such Interest, as aforesaid, out of the Duties granted by the said recited Act, the Principal to |axed^an"t1ie>s be paid in_course, according to the respective Dates of the Tallies, and the Interest every three Months, lenders/hah6 until the Repayment of the Principal, and that no See or Reward shall be demanded or taken, in or for have Tallies of the Payment thereof; and that the Money arising on the said Duties shall be liable to satisfy such Orders Loan and or accordingly, without being diverted from the same to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose, upon Pain of for ders, C

felting Treble Damages, with Full Costs of Suit, to the Party grieved by the Party offending; and that to

such Orders shall be assignable by Indorsements thereupon, according to the Course in such Cases used in thr^months. the Exchequer; anything in the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. The Orders to

VI. Provided always, That such Sums as, at any Time or Times before the Fifteenth Day of May he assignable.

one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, shall become due for Interest of Money to be lent upon this Act, The Sums due shall and may be satisfied as the said Interest shall, from time to time, become due, out of any Money what for Interest be soever which shall come into the Exchequer by way of Loan on the Credit aforesaid; thing in this or fore 15 May _ the said recited Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding. tisfied fronuime

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for tot; me the Lord High Treasurer now being, and the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for The treafuiyto the time being, and they are hereby directed and authorised, (without any further or other Warrant or Au inbe Money for thority to be sued for, had, or obtained in that Behalf) from time to time, to issue and pay, or cause to be the Purchaseof issued and paid, out of any the Moneys to arise by way of Loan, or otherwise, by virtue of this or the said Lands, C former Act, (such Money as is to be applied for Repayment of Principal, and Satisfaction of the Interest

of the Loans to be made, as aforesaid, only and always excepted) such Sum and Sums of Money as shall he thought necessary by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the purchasing such Lands,

Tenements, Rights, and Interests for the Purposes aforesaid, and for building such new Churches, and and for con converting Chapels into Parochial Churches, and for providing Houses for the Habitations of the respective vertingcha ministers, and for making and enclosing Cemeteries or churchyards for such new intended Parishes, or any other Purposes by the said former or this present Act prescribed or allowed, and for recompensing and and vorffieve rewarding such Person and Persons as have been ot; shall be necessarily employed under them, for their La Wardof Perl hour and Pains, in such Manner and Proportion as the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, suns, C

hall think fit; which Moneys so to be issued, as aforesaid, shall be raid unto such Person and Persons, not to be paid to the being of the Number of the said Commissioners for the Ends and Purposes aforesaid, as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, Aral], from time to time, direct and appoint to be the Treasurer or Treasurers in this Behalf; and shall be received by him or them byway of Impressed, and accounted for only by such Treasurer or Treasurers; and shall be disbursed. expended, and applied by such Treasurer and Treasurers ie spectively, according to such Orders and "Warrants as he or they shall receive, from time to time, from the

Treasurer. C appointed l«y the queen in this Bchslf.

Anno decimo Ann reginae.

A.D. 1711.

518 G. 11*

said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for all or any the Uses or Services by this or the said for that said Trea iner Act prescribed or allowed in that Behalf, and not otherwise, or to any other Use, Intent, or Purpose surer to be ac. whatsoever; said Treasurer and Treasurers respectively shall be accountable in the Exchequer for the countable in the same, and shall give such sufficient Security as shall be approved of by the Lord Treasurer, or the Corn exchequer, and missioners of the Treasury for the time being, before he or they enter upon his or their Office, for making

revive Security, fucfj yiccounti

thecumminie*

VIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for ners to asceriain said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, by one or more Instrument or Instruments in Writhe Bounds of ting on Parchment under their Hands and Seals, to be enrolled in her Majesty's High Court of Chancery, to each new describe and ascertain the true Limits and Bounds of the Site of and belonging to each such new Church Church, see, and House for the Habitation of the Minister of such new Church, and for such churchyards or Cemeteries for each respective Parish, and also the District and Division of each Parish that shall be appointed for such Distria to every Church to be erected or constituted, pursuant to this Act, or the said former Act; and every such be deemed a di - District or Division so set out, ascertained, and appointed, as aforesaid, for a new Parish, shall, from and Hnift rarifli, C for ever after ^2 Inrolment of such Instrument, and the Consecration of such new Church, appointed or intended for such District or Division, be, and be deemed and taken to be of itself a distinct Parish, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, except as touching Church Rates, the Relief of the Poor, and Rates for the Highways, as is herein after provided; and the Inhabitants within the distinct Limits of every such new Parish, shall from thenceforth be the Parishioners thereof, and subject and liable to such Taxes, af ieflments, Rates for the Poor, cleansing the Streets, and other Duties within the said new Parish, in like Manner as Inhabitants in the Parish from which such new Parish, or the greater Part thereof, was divided and taken, are subject or chargeable to the same; and shall within the Space of one Month next after the Consecration of such new Church, in every such new intended Parish respectively, be divided and exempt from such Parish or Parishes from which the same shall be so taken, and from bearing any such Offices or Charges, and from all Dependencies and Contributions for or in respect thereof, except as is hereby otherwise enacted or provided.

IX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, (if they shall think It requisite) by one or more Instrument or Instruments under their Hands and Seals, to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, to separate, divide, and take a particular District or Part out of any of the large Parishes in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, or the Suburbs thereof, where any new Church or Churches shall be erected or made, and add, annex, and unite the same to any other lesser Parish next adjoining thereto, wherein a Church is already erected; and in such case the same shall afterwards, to all Intents and Purposes, (except as is herein otherwise enacted or provided) be deemed and taken as Part of the Parish to which the same shall be so added or annexed; and that the several Inhabitants within such particular District, so divided and added to another Parish, shall from thenceforth be liable in like Manner to bear all Parochial Offices within the Parish to which the same shall be added; and such Inhabitants shall, from and after Titefclay in Easter. Week next after such Instrument shall be made and enrolled, be in like Manner discharged and exempted from bearing any Offices in the former Parish to which they did belong.

X. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be a Rector of every new Church and Parish to be made or constituted, pursuant to this Act, and a perpetual Succession of Rectors there.

and be exempt from the harish from whence taken.

The of may lake a District out of any large parish where any new Church hall be made, and add it to a leficr pa nfh adjoining, which hall be deemed as Part of the Parish to which it is so added, C

There hall be a rector in every new Church,

C and a perpe

tool Succession of re&ois.

The Morning Preacher in any Chapel converted into a new Church hall be the first Rector. In every other new Church the

cepted by 12 Anns, flat. IC. 17. §. 4.

The Freehold

to have Cure of the Souls of the Inhabitants of such new Parish; and where there now is a certain Morn

ng Preacher in any Chapel which shall be converted into a Parochial Church, who shall have usually officiated there for the Space of one Month next before the Consecration thereof, such Minister, from and immediately after such Consecration, shall be and is hereby declared to be the first Rector of such new Church and Parish, without any Admission, Institution, or Induction to the same; but flaall nevertheless be and continue complete Rector thereof in the same and as ample Manner as if he had been instituted and indufted thereunto; and in every other new Church and Parish, to be erected or constituted pursuant to this Act, the first Rector shall be nominated and appointed by her Majesty of and in such new Church and Parish; and every such new Rector hereby declared, or to be nominated, as aforesaid, and his Successors, Queen .'hall no shall be and are hereby incorporated, and shall be named and called the Rector of such new Church re minatc the first spectively, by the Name which shall be given to such Church respectively in the Act or Instrument of Con restor. fecration thereof; and shall be, and are hereby enabled to sue and be sued in all Courts and Places of this

Stepney is ex ream; the Freehold and Inheritance of the Lands and Hereditaments to be purchased for such new Church, churchyards, or Cemetery or Cemeteries, and such Mansion or dwellitig house of such Rector, shall be veiled, by virtue of this Act, in such Rector of each such new Parish, and his Successors respectively; he and they shall be seized thereof, as in his and their Demesne as of Fee, in Right of the ftmll be in him. Church, in such Manner as other Rectors be now seized of their respective Churches and Glebe; and evr ry such new Rector and his Successors respectively, shall be and are hereby enabled to purchase and take lanjstotheva any other Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments to such Rector, for the time being, and his Successors, lue of co 1. pur Rectors of the same Church, not exceeding together the clear yearly Value of two hundred Pounds per Annum. Annum, for each such Church respectively.

the commissio

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for ners empowered the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and they are hereby authorised and empowered to elite inquire of the choir and inform themselves, by all lawful Ways and Means, of the Right of Advowson, Patronage, and Right of Patro Nomination, of or to the present Church in every Parish, from which any Part or District shall be divided nage, cor ken by virtue or in pursuance of this Act; and in what Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, the same, or any Estate or Interest therein, is, or at the Time of such Inquiry, shall be, and to treat and agree with and agree with all such Persons having any Right or Interest: in such Advowson, Patronage, or Nomination, for the more effectual dividing and separating such present Parish, and the Tithes, Oblations, Dues, q and

him who harl the Right fur

C II

5*9

and Revenues belonging to the present Church, and the Charges and Dependencies thereof, and appor the citeauat tioning the same, to take place and eft edl from and immediately after the first Avoidance of such present '?)m.cl'ns Church respectively, in any Parish from which any Part or District shall be divided or taken, and fr anjfo'r ticer ascertaining and settling for ever the Right of Patronage of every new Church or Chapel made parochial, to taining the which such District or Part so divided shall be appointed or annexed; and all Agreements and Settle Right of fa inents, which shall be so made, for such further Division, with the Assent of the respective Ordinary or tronage, C Ordinaries, or for settling such Right of Patronage, by any Instrument or Instruments in Writing on Parch j111 rec ment, under the Hands and Seals of such Commissioners, or any five or more of them, and under the b^tindine!to Seals of the Parties having any Right or Iiiterelb in such Patronages, or of any Person or Persons by such Parties respectively authorised and itirolled in the said High Court of Chancery, shall from thenceforth be binding and conclusive, as well to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, as to and against all other Persons for ever.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for

all Bodies Politic and Corporate, Guardians to Infants under Age, Committees of Lunatics and Idiots, tra'a wfth the Executors, Administrators, and Trustees, and they are hereby enabled and empowered to contract with the commission laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, and to sell ers for any and convey the same, and the respective Estates or Interests in them respectively veiled of and in the same, Lamis, C and to agree with the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, for the limiting and settling the (herfetoot'" 8 Right of Patronage and Presentation of the succeeding Rectors of such new intended Parish Churches; and paetr0^ee CI such Sale, Conveyance, and Settlements shall be valid and effectual to all Intents and Purposes, and so and such Sale, deemed and allowed in all Courts of Law or Equity, and elsewhere, to bind all such Corporations, in e. to be good Cants, Lunatics, Idiots, and the Ceflui que Trulls > and all such Guardians, Committees, Executors, ad in Law mini lira tors, and Trustees, are hereby indemnified for so doing. tions tot

XIII. Provided that such Bargains and Contrails be upon a Petition to be preferred by or on Behalf of'

such respective Corporation, Infant, Lunatic, Idiot, or Cellui que Trust, interested therein, examined, jj.k)

and approved by the High Court of Chancery; which Court shall also order and direct how the Moneys ari to be upon a" sing by such Sale shall be applied or employed for the Benefit of such Corporation, Infant, Idiot, Luna Petition pie tick, or Cellui que Trust respectively. ferred, C

and approved by the Chancery, who hall order the Application of the Moneys,

XIV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall The Crown fell

and may be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, in every such new Parish, to be erected lpcl1

or constituted by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, in the mean Time, and until such Agreement and f

Settlement can be made concerning the Patronage thereof respectively, to name, from time to time, the patr0njge. Rcclor of such new Churches to succeed therein. The and

XV. And it is hereby enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That as well the first Rector, as succeedine

all other succeeding Rectors of every such new Parish Church (except the present preaching Ministers of such Rectors (except Chapels, as aforesaid) shall bepresented and instituted, or collated, and also iridudted, as other Rectors and, he present Vicars are and ought to be, and shall observe and perform all other Matters and Things for the qualifying or entitling themselves thereto, as other Rectors ought to do; and the new Churches, which shall be frcf/ntc<i, C erected or made in pursuance of this Act, and the respective Rectors thereof, with the churchwardens be as other Refiors longing to the same, hall be under and subject to the Jurisdiction of the respective Ordinary, within whole are, and they Diocese or District such new Church respectively is situated, and shall be visited by such Ordinary re an uhechurch spedlively, in such Manner as other Churches, Rectors, and churchwardens, within their respective Ju |0 the

rifdidtions, have been, or may be visited. Ordinary.

XVI. Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That this Act, or anything herein contained, flaall This /7, aii not extend, or be confirmed to extend to deprive the successors of the present Rectors, Vicars, and other not d !ve the Ecclesiastical Persons having Cure of Souls, of or in the present Parish Churches, out of which any Part or succeeding District shall be divided or taken, of any Tithes, Dues, or Profits belonging to any of them respectively, Rectors, cof until such Agreements or Settlements, for the more effectual dividing and separatin^ any such Parish re =j>y Tither, C spedlively, to be made and enrolled, and take effect, as aforesaid, with Relation to such successors respectively;

that the Successors of the present Incumbents, till such Agreements and Settlements be made and take macie and inroi. Effect, shall and may have, hold, and enjoy the said respective Rectories, Vicarages, and Curacies, and the jed.

Tithes, Dues, and Profits thereof, in as ample Manner as if this Act had not been made, and as the present Rectors and other Ecclesiastical Persons, who are to hold and enjoy the same, during their respective Incumbencies, are of Right to hold ailed enjoy the same.

XVII. Provided also that nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be confirmed to extend, to pre This Act halli judice or alter the Property or Interest of any Proprietor or Proprietors of, in, or to any of the Chapels no' prejudice

which shall be made or appointed Parish Churches, in pursuance of this Act, or of or in any of the Pews any Proprietor within the same, without the Consent of such respective Proprietor or Proprietors first had and obtained in jriteraa n Writing under his and their respective Hands and Seals; but that they and their iteirs, Executors, and Ad any pews, C niinistrators, shall hold and enjoy the same, in such and the same Manner, as if this Act had not been

tt/ade. t Jf any Prnpric

XVIII. Provided nevertheless, That if any of the said Proprietors shall be minded to sell or dispose of for flnii sell Ms

their said Properties in any of the Pews in any of the said Chapels, the same shall be sold and disposed of Imerefl in any only to such Inhabitants of the respective Parishes for which such Chapels shall be so made or appointed n 1pal1 1)2 Parish Churches, and to no other Person or Persons whatsoever. r°hioner.

XIX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first churchwardens and Ovctfeers

for the Poor, Scavengers, and Surveyors for the Highways, and other Parish Officers for every such new ue jjr^vsr Parish, shall, by the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, be nominated and elected out of the dei s CI Vail Inhabitants of such new Parish respectively, within the Space of one Month after the Consecration of such te ekfred by

Church;

5 20

5 of the corn million ers, and hall have the like Powers,

cas the like Officers in londen, card

all fuc ceeding Churchwardens, C hall be chosen annually.

The commissioners may name a Vestry, who shall have the same pow ers as the ve /trymen of the Rartfti out of which such new

All parochial Customs, C hall continue in both pa rifles.

The commissionet?, &c. with Consent of the present ile£tois, Scc. may make a pcipetunl Divi jion of such Dari Hie?, &c. as to Church Rates, C

and such divi lion, C shall be binding

Till such Agreement, the Church rat€s, See, shall be levied, through all Parts of the present Patish. The Parish Officers, &c. shall meet yearly cn Tuesday in Easter Week, and assess the Rates for the Poor, C

which Rases, &c. shall be levied by the proper Officers, CC

II. Anno decimo An n e Reginse, A.D. 1711.

Church; and the said Officers so defied, shall be inverted with the like Powers and Authorities, and subject to the Laws now in force in that Behalf, as any other like Officers in any other Parish within the Cities of London and tfejhninjhr, or the Suburbs thereof; and all the succeeding churchwardens, Overseers for the Poor, Scavengers, and Surveyors of the Highways, and other Parish Officers, shall be nominated, chosen, appointed, sworn, constituted, and admitted annually within every such Parish, according to the Laws now in force.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, with the Consent of the Bishop or Ordinary of the Place, by Tnrtrument under their Hands and Seals, to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, to name a convenient number of sufficient Inhabitants in each such new Parish respectively, to be the Vestrymen of such new Parish, who shall have and exercise the like Powers and Authorities for ordering and regulating the Affairs of such new Parish, as the Vestrymen of the present Parish, out of which such new Parish, or the greater Part thereof shall be taken, now have or exercise; if there be no select Vestry in such present Parish, then as the Vestrymen of the Parish of Saint Martin in the Fields within the Liberty of the City of Westminster in the County of Middlesex, now have or exercise; and from time to time, upon the Death, Removal, or other Voidance of any such Vestryman, the rest or the Majority of them may elect a fit person, being an Inhabitant and Housholder in the said Parish, to supply the same.

Parish shall be taken 5 and upon the Death, &c. of any Vestryman, the Majority shall choose another.

XXI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That all parochial Customs, Usages, Bylaws, and Privileges, as are now in Force or Use within any present Parish which shall be divided by virtue or in pursuance of this Act, shall and may at all Times after, and notwithstanding such Division, continue and be in Force, as well in and for every new Parish, of which the Whole or the greater Part shall be taken out of such present Parish, as in and for such Parish as shall remain to the present parochial Church, and be used, enjoyed, and observed by the Inhabitants thereof respectively, so far as the lame shall not be repugnant to, or inconsistent with the Laws of this Realm, and the Intent of this present Act.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, with the Consent of the respective Rectors, Vicars, or Ministers, churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor, and of the Vestry, or twenty of the principal Inhabitants of any present Parish in which there shall be no select Vestry, from which any Part or District shall virtue and in pursuance of this Act, be taken, and of such Parish or Parishes to which any such District or Division so taken, shall be appointed or belong, or else to or for such respective Rectors, Vicars, Ministers, churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Vestrymen, or principal inhabitants, with Consent of their respective Ordinary or Ordinaries, at any Time or Times hereafter, by Instrument in Writing under their Hands and Seals, to be enrolled in the High Court of Chancery, to make an effectual and perpetual Division of such Parishes or Districts so divided, as to the Church Rates, Relief of the Poor, and Rates for the Highways, and other Parish Rates within the same respectively, and to limit and settle any certain annual Sum or Consideration for or in respect thereof, or for Equality of such Division, where there shall be Occasion; such Division and Settlement so made, shall be for ever after binding, effectual, and conclusive, to all Persons, Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in the mean Time, and until such Agreement for such Rates respectively shall be made and take Place, the Church Rates, Poor Rates, and Rates for the Highways, and other Parish Rates, shall be assessed and levied within and through all Parts and Districts which do now belong to such present Parish.

XXIV. And for the better ordering, dividing, collecting, and distributing, from time to time, such Rates within the present Limits of every Parish which shall be divided, pursuant to this Act, in the mean Time, and until such further and perpetual Divisions shall be made, it shall and may be lawful to and for the churchwardens and Overseers of the Poor, with the Vestry or principal Inhabitants of each Parish respectively, as aforesaid, to which any Part or District of such present Parish, after any Division thereof to be made, pursuant to this Act, shall remain or belong, to assemble and meet together in the present Parish Church or Vestry Room, annually, upon Tuefiay in Easter Week in the Forenoon, or oftener, from time to time, as Occasion shall require; and Notice thereof shall be given on the lord's Day next before in the Church of each such Parish immediately after the Morning Service; and to and for them, or the major Part of them so assembled, to agree upon or ascertain the Moneys or Rates to be assessed within the Limits of such present Parish, for the Relief of the Poor, or Repair of the Highways, and other Parish Rates within such Limits, or the Repair of any Church to which any Part or District of such present Parish shall, when divided, belong; and to divide, ascertain, and apportion such Moneys and Rates to and upon every Part or District of such present Parish so divided respectively, with Regard to the Value of the Lands and Estates therein assessable to the same; which Moneys or Rates so to be divided or apportioned, shall be assessed, levied, and collected in each such District accordingly, by the proper Officers of the respective Parish to which such District shall remain or belong, and by such Ways and Means as the Officers of the present Parish might have assessed, collected, or levied the same, if such Division or this Act had not been made; and also to divide, ascertain, and distribute such Moneys and Rates so assessed and collected through the present Limits of such Parish, in just and reasonable Proportions, to and for every such Part and District respective as the same shall be divided, separately and apart, fur the Relief of the Poor, and Repair of the Highways, and other Parish Rates within such Part or District, and for the Repair of the respective Church to which such Part or District shall remain cr belong, with Regard to the Wants and Occasions of each such Part or District, for the Uses and Purposes aforesaid respectively; and all such Proportions lo to be distributed, shall be employed and applied to the proper Uses and Purposes for which the same was assessed, and shall be

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Ann Reginae. C ji. 521

distinctly accounted for by the Officers of the respective Parish to which such District shall remain or belong,

XXV. Provided always, That in all such Cases when and so often as such annual or other Agreements In Defalt of shall not be had or made for the apportioning and distribirting such Rates, it shall and may be lawful to and such yearly for the Churchwardens of the present Parish Church, and the Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Agreements, Highways for the Parish or District then remaining to such present Church, to affiefs, collect, and levy of o/ficcvsfor such the Inhabitants within and throughout the present Limits of such Parish, for the Relief of the Poor, and Ro District, I pair of the Highways within the present Limits of such Parish, and the Repair of the present Church, all assess all Rates, such Rates and Taxes, as the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and Surveyors of the Highways of such Parish might have done before any. Division made; anything in this Act to the contrary notwiih

standing. This Act shall' '

Provided always, and be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid j That neither this Act, pif "?

anything herein contained, 'shall extend to invalidate or avoid any Ecclesiastical Law or Constitution of ^.c'*

the Church of England, or to destroy any of the Rights or Powers belonging to the Bishop of London, and nordettroy the' his Successors, orany other local Ordinary, or to any Archdeacon', Chancellery or Official. Rights of the

XXVII. And. it is.hereby enacted and declared, That he and they respectively may at all Times here Bflicppf lor. after visit, institute, and exercise Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction in all Parishes to be erected or divided by virtue aeon'

and in pursuance of this Actor in any Part or Place within the famej as amply as they or or any of them The said Bishop, may now do therein, and in such Manner as in any, other Parishes or Places within his or their Diocese or c roay»ifit, Jurisdiction respectively; and.institution of such present preaching Ministers in such Chapels s CL as shall be eonfecrated and converted into Parochial Churches, only excepted. ar': es

XXVIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one of the said fifty, new One of thene.t Churches shall be erected in Eaf greenwich in the County of Kent, as in the said former Act is directed. fliuil

XXIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful 2t

to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, at any time before the twenty-ninth Day of December g nulclj. _ one thousand seven hundred and twelve, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nol f e' L minate, gonftrtute and appoint such Persons to be Commissioners to execute all and every the Powers in the qafn.tf.l said recited Act, and in this Act mentioned, as her Majesty shall think fit; and from such Appointment so may appoint made, the Powers hereby granted to the Commissioners, in the said former Letters pateol. shall. deterr vommi fli.nera

mine.^. to execute this.

XXX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to be issued by or in purfu All \ioriies,

ance of this or the said former Act for Building the said Churches, and other the Uses therein mentioned, be issued with shall be issued and paid without Fee or Charge to be demanded or taken for the same. out See.

XXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Burial shall, at anytime hereafter, be in burial id ts

or under any of the Churches by this Act intended to be erected; and that it shall and may be lawful to and ^"^"ch^mch es for the said Commissioners, or any Five or more of them, to ascertain the Sum of Money, that hall be paid to amuhoccm' s' the Rector, and each Officer belonging to each Church, for every Burial in any of the Cemeteries or Church missionevs m.iy yards, by this Act intended to be purchased, wjiat

XXXII. And whereas, by the said Act made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, it is enacted, p2id for'V

That out of the Sums of Money which Should be raised by virtue of the said Act, there should be applied y.j'j

the sum of Four thousand Pounds per Annum towards the Repairing and Finishing the Collegiate Church*

*' of St. Peter, Westminster, and the Chapels of the same Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore9 Anna;, C 22, said, That the said Sum of Four thousand Pounds per Annum, during the Continuance of the said former The yearly Sum Act, shall be issued and paid unto the Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Lord Chief Justice of the queen's of 40.0l. Aall Bench, and the Dean of the said Collegiate Church, for the time being, who are hereby constituted and ap b. c. pad to the pointed Commissioners for repairing the said Collegiate Church and Chapels of the same, by equal Quarterly Chancellor nt Payments; the first Payment to commence and be made on the thirtieth Day of December in the Year one vc;

seven hundred and sixteen: said Sums of Money; so to be paid tq the said Chancellor of the Westminster. Exchequer, Lord Chief Justice of the queen's Bench, and Dean of the said Collegiate Church, shall be Abbey, C by them laid out and expended in and towards the Repairing the said Collegiate Church and Chapels of the who are consti: same; and Books of Accounts shall be kept by them, the said Chancellor of the Exchequer, Lord. Chief 'l'ted Commis Justice of the queen's Bench, and Dean of the said Collegiate Church, or by their Deputies or Officers, of"jjct'0 all Moneys which, from time to time, shall be received, paid, disbursed, and applied towards the repairing.kcnp Books of the said Collegiate Church and Chapels of the same; the said Books to be inspected by all Persons gratis raoooor, ts, C

also Abstracts of such Books of Account shall be by them, the same Commissioners, or any two of And deliver them, before the End of Michaelmas Term in every Year, transmitted and delivered into her Majesty's Re Abstracts there., rnembrancer's Office in the Court of Exchequer, to be there received, kept and viewed without Fee or Re of i'ito the Reward, in such Manner as is directed by an Act made in the eighth apd ninth Years of the Reign of his late office Majesty King wii.liam the Third, intituled An ai for, completing the Building and Adorning the Gathe diieftedby tu oral Church of St. Paul, London, and for Repairing the collegiate.glmrcb of St. Peter, Westminster, Act of 8 and

XXXIII. And whereas by an Act made jmthetwo and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King 9w.3 C 14=

Charles the Second, intituled An Aiditional Act for the Rebuilding the City of London, Uniting of Pa sacar.a. c. u,

4; rishes, and Rebuilding of the Cathedral and Parochial, Churches within the said City the Number of Parish.

to be rebuilt was fifty one, and the Church of st. Mary Jifoblnotb is one of the said fifty-one;

Churches directed to be rebuilt, for which Purpose several Duties upon Coals imported and brought into?

the Port of the City of London, or River of Thames within the Liberty of the said City upon the said Ri

ver, were granted; and by one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, j jd, 1. C iy,

4 a further Duty was laid upon Coals imported, and Power thereby given to the Lord Archbishop of Canter bury. Lard Bishop of London, and to the Lord Mayor of London, for the time being, to appropriate, by

Warrant. under their Hands and Seals, such Part of the Impoiltion, thereby granted, as should in their Yoi. IV XXX' 4 Discre

5 2 2

C I 2.

Anno decimo anne Regina.

A.D. 17n, '

W. 3, C 14.

!The archbishop of Canterbury, &c. nuy appropriate so much, out of the Surplus Money arising by the Duly of 12 d. per Chalder on Coals, as shall be sufficient to build the Church of St. Mary Wooiuoth. See Gee. 2, C xg.

1 Discretion seem sufficient for the Complcating of any the said Parochial Churches that might happen to 1 remain unfinished, so as the same did not in any one Year exceed one fifth part of the same duty: And whereas by one other Act made in the eighth Year of the reign of the late King William the Third, ' a Duty or Imposition of Twelve Pence for every Chalder or Tun of Coals imported or brought in, as aforesaid, from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred, and be e fore the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, was granted, and Power given thereby to the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, for the time being, or any two of them, to appropriate the Money to be thereby raised for the Purposes in the said Act of the first Year of the said late King James mentioned, except as in and by the said late retired Act is otherwise particularly directed and appointed: And whereas also the Parish Church of St. Mary Woblnoth was, for the Conveniency of the Inhabitants there, only repaired, and not rebuilt, as by the said Act was directed, and the old Walls, East, West, and South, and the Roof thereof, 1 together with the Tower or Steeple, are now become so ruinous, that there is a Necessity of Rebuilding and Finishing that, famebeit therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, Lord Bishop of London, and Lord Mayor of London, or any two of them, to appropriate, by Warrants under their Hands and Seals, out of the Surplus of the Moneys arising by the said Duties and Impositions of twelve Pence per Chalder, or twelve Pence per Tun on Coals, applicable for the Purposes in the said Act of the first Year of the late.king James the Second, after the said Cathedral Church shall be finished and adorned, and other Charges upon the said Duties discharged, so much Money as shrill be sufficient for the Rebuilding and Finishing of the said Parish Church of5 t. Mary Woolnoth, and the Tower thereof, as shall be necessary; thing herein, orjn the said recited Acts, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

[Vide 1 Geo. 1. Stat. z. cap. 23. 4 Geo. 1. c. 14. & 5 Geo. 1. c. 9.]

fuithee concerning j)uty, A. onc.ah, 12 nr. pat 2. C 9, 5 Geo. 1. c. 9. and 19. Sea. zs,

6 Geo. 1. c. 4. 13 Geo. 1. c. 21. 22 Geo. 2. c. 37.

CAP. XII.

'An act to restore the Patrons to their ancient Rights of presenting Ministers to the Churches vacant in that Parc of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS by the ancient Laws and Constitutions of that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, the Presenting of Ministers to vacant Churches did of Right belong to the Patrons, until by the twenty third Act of the second Session of the first Parliament of the late King William and Queen i Mary, held in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety, intituled, Alt concerning Patronages, the Presentation was taken from the Patrons, and given to the Heretors and Elders of the respective Pa 4 rish.es; and in Place of the Right of Presentation, the Heretors and Life Renters of every Parish were to pay to the respective Patrons a small and inconsiderable Sum of Money, for which the Patrons were to renounce their Right of Presentation in all Times thereafter: And whereas by the fifteenth Act of the fifth Session, and by the thirteenth Act of the sixth Session of the first Parliament of the said King William, the one intituled, An Act for ev.couraging of Preachers at Vacant Churches be north Forth, and the other intituled, Act in Favours of Preachers be north Forth; there are several Burdens l'mposed upon vacant Stipends, to the Prejudice of the Patrons Right of disposing thereof: And whereas that Way of calling Ministers has proved inconvenient, and has not only occasioned great Heats and Divisions among those who by the aforesaid Act were intituled and authorised to call Ministers, but likewise has been a great Haraship upon the Patrons, whose Predecessors had founded and endowed those Churches, and who have not received Payment or Satisfaction for their Right of Patronage from the aforesaid He 4 retors or Life Renters of the respective Parishes, nor have granted Renunciations of their said Rights on that Account; ' Be it therefore enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Confeiit of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the aforesaid Act made in the Year one thousand six hundred and ninety, intituled, All concerning Patronages, in so far as the same relates to the Presentation of Ministers by Heretors and others therein mentioned, be and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the aforesaid fifteenth Act of the fifth Session, and thirteenth Act of the sixth Session, of the first Parliament of King William, be and are hereby likewise repealed and made void; and that in all Time coming, the Right of all and every Patron or Patrons to the Presentation of Ministers to Churches and Benefices, and the dispo vacant Stipends for pious Uses within the Parish, be restored, settled, and confirmed to them, die aforesaid Acts, or any other Act, Statute, orcustom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding; and that from and after the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twelve, it shall and may be lawful for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and for every other Person or Persons, who have Right to any Patronage or Patronages of any Church or Churches whatsoever, in that Part of Great Britain called e m iu Scotland, (and who have not made and subscribed a formal Renunciation thereof under their Hands) to pre patrun.ig«, may lent a qualified Miiiifter or Ministers to any Church or Churches whereof they are Patrons, which shall'

'the said first Day of May, happen to be vacant; and the Presbytery of the respective Bounds shall and is hereby obliged to receive and admit in the same Manner such qualified Person or Persons, Minister or mi r')^.qcrics rafters, as shall be presented by the respective Patrons, as the Persons or Ministers presented before the making of this Act ought to have been admitted.

II. Provided always, That in case any Patron or Patrons have accepted of, and received any Sum or Sums of Money from the Heretors or Life Renters of any Parish, or from the Magistrates or Town Council of any Borough, in Satisfaction of their Right of Presentation, and have discharged or renounced the same a. under

'the recited Act concerning pa tron »ges, lb Tar ..as'it relates to ipresentations by Heretors, C made void.

'The other recited Acts repealed.

And the Rights J" " []', ol Patrons re

After 1 May,

3712. the Crown, and others who have slight to present qualified Ministers, and the

shall receive them

otto redo re th? Right of Presentation to

Anno nono anne Reginae.

5 23

under their hand, that nothing herein hall be construed to restore such Patron or Patrons to their Right of?11 Presentation; anything in this present Act to the contrary notwithstanding. have sold the

III. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case the Patron of any amc'

Church aforesaid shall neglect or refuse to present any qualified Minister to such Church that hall be va j'atr.on got Pre "cant the said first Day of May, or hall happen to be vacant at any Time thereafter, for the Space of; six mj, he Months, after the said first Day of May, or after such Vacancy shall happen, that the Right of Presentation Right shall ac, hall accrue and belong for that Time to the Presbytery of the Bounds where such Church is, who are to pre crueto the sent a qualified Person for that Vacancy tanquam jure devoliito.'1'reftjtery.

IV. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Patronage and right of Panona?", Presentations of Ministers to all Churches which belonged to Archbishops, Bishops, or aether dignified Fir befon:, 'fons, in the Year one thousand six hundred eighty nine, before Episcopacy was abolished, as \vell as those

which formerly belonged to the Crown, shall and do of Right belong to her Majesty, her; Heirs and succef i0jlg(: d to arch fors, who may present qualified Ministers to such Church or Churches, and difpefe of the vacant Stipends bishops, C thereof for pious Uses, in the same Way and Manner as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, may do inaaji belong to the Case of other Patronages belonging to the Crown. her Majesty, Src

V Declaring always. That nothing in this present Act contained, shall extend, or be construed to extend How far the to repeal and make void the aforesaid twenty-third Act of the second Session of the first Parliament of the z3<1 Aa f late King William and Queen Mary, excepting so far as relates to the calling and presenting of Ministers,

and to the disposing of vacant Stipends in Prejudice of the Patrons only. be repealed

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Patron and Patrons, who' p3trws to ta^e have not taken, or shall not take, at any Time before his or their presenting a Minister or Ministers to.any ihe Oath in Church or Churches aforesaid, the Oath appointed to be taken by Persons in public Trust, by an act made 6 Anew, C 14, in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and,

Government, hall, and are hereby obliged, at their signing such Presentation, to take and subscribe the aforesaid Oath before the Sheriff of the Shire, Stewart of the Stewartry, or before any two or more Justices of the Peace of the County or Place where such Patron resides; in case such Patron or Patrons, who have r>efafing, the not formerly taken the aforesaid Oath, refuse or neglect to take the same at the signing of such Presentation, Presentation that the same hall he and is hereby declared to be void, and the Right of Presentation, and of the disposing the Crown vacant Stipends for that Time, shall helone to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, who may present a ft^i/ptefcntl^ qualified Person to such Church or Benefice, at any Time within the Space, of six Months after such Northeast. or Refusal; thing in this present Act, or in any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

And whereas the Right of Patronage of Churches may belong to Papists Be it therefore enacted kd0$vn_j)r by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons, known or suspected to be Papists, 'and who have a

a Right of presenting Ministers, shall be obliged, at or before his or their signing any Presentation, to purge }vrrr.tda, bey himself of Popery, by taking and signing the Formula contained in the third Act of the Parliament of Scot fore they prc- .- land, held in the Year one thousand seven hundred, intituled, Act for preventing the Growth f Popery j., and ct, otherwise: in case such Popish Patron or Patrons shall refuse to take and subscribe the Formula aforesaid, the lame being 'bc Predation. tendred to him or them by the Sheriff of the Shire, Stewart of the Stewartry, qr any two or more Justices and her Majesty of the Peace within their respective Jurisdiction, who are hereby empowered to administer the same, the may pre^and the Right of disposing the vacant Stipends shall for that Time belong to her Majesty, her font.

Heirs and Successors, who may present any qualified Person or Persons within six Months after such Neglect, or Refusal; anything in this present Actor any other Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

XIII

An Act for repealing Part of an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule Vacance.

TI WHEREAS by the twenty second Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, Anno one thousand six.

hundred and ninety, intituled, Act for discharging the Yule Vacance, the annual Vacation of the Court of Session, and all other inferior Courts of Judicature, is thereby discharged, and the Senators of;

the College of Justice, or Court of Session, are ordained to meet and fit for the Administration of Justice. - the first Day of November to the first of March yearly, without any Interruption; which has been ya(pe!; n.

by Experience found Inconvenient and Burfhenfome to the Subject in that Part of the Kingdom Be it f0 far as str'e'

therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Jates todifehar — Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the Eng the Ylllc same. That the said Act, so far as the same relates to the discharging the Title Vacance, be and is hereby Va" ce > rc'

repealed, annulled, and made void, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever. pcj C

II. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Chrifmas Vacation of the Christmas Vaca — Session or College of Justice, and all other inferior Courts of Justice, in that Part of Great Britain called "on to continue Scotland, hall yearly and in all Time coming continue and endure from the twentieth of December to the tenth of January, both inclusive; said Law or any other law or Custom to the contrary not with nuar}r j0, yearly! standing. '

by 1 Geo. i. stat. 2. C 28.]

AP

X X K 2

524 C 14.

Anno decimo anne Regins.

A.D. 1711.

The Clause 6 Anne. 31.

relating to accidental Fires, revived 2nd made perpetual.

See 33 Geo. 2. ^30.

The Act (y X & 1?. W. 3. C 39. relating to the building and repairing County Gaols, continued for 7 Yeats, See,

The AS .6 W. 3. C 4. for exempting Apothecaries from serving as nstable, C continued by Ann, stat. j. C 11. further continued for iy Years, C Made" perpetual 19 Geo. 1. C <

The A 5.

AV. Sc M. C 2 4* t so far as relates to the Jeturning' of Jurors, 'far thsr continued for 7 Years by

0 Geo. I. C 8. z.

by 7 & 8 w.tj. C 32.

farther continued by

1 Ann, liar. a. C 13.

and further "by 3 & 4 Anns, C. 3.

3 Geo. >2 .0*25. o Geo. 2. c437. shall be continued for 11 Years, C

The Clause in 7 &; 8 w. 3.

C 3^. i 7 ..relating 10 the returning of Jurors in Yorkshire, explained,

CAP. XIV.

An Act for the reviving and continuing several Acts therein mentioned, for the preventing mischiefs which may happen by Fire; for building and repairing County Gaols; for exempting Apothecaries from serving Parish and wa rd Offices, and serving upon Juries; and relating to the returning of Jurors.

WHEREAS diverse Temporary Laws, which by Experience have been found Useful and Beneficial, are expired and near expiring, therefore for reviving and continuing the same, ' Be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Clause herein after mentioned in the al made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better preventing mij chiefs that may happen by Fire, videlicet; And be it further enacted by the authority aforesaid, That no Action, Suit, or Process whatsoever, shall be had, maintained, or prosecuted against any Person in whose House or Chamber any Fire shall, from and after the fair! first Day of May, accidentally begin, or any Recompense be made by such Person for any Damage suffered or occasioned thereby 3 any Law, Usage or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding; if any Action shall be brought for anything done in pursuance of this Act, the Defendant may plead the General Blue, and give this Act in Evidence; and in case the Plaintiff become nonsuit, or discontinue his Action or Suit, or if a Verdict pass against him, the Defendant shall recover Treble Coll: Which Clause being made temporary, and being expired, shall be, and are hereby revived and made perpetual.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Act made in the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act to enable fujlices of the Peace to build and repair Gaols in their respective Counties, which was to continue for ten Years, being expired, shall be and is hereby revived and continued, and shall be in Force, from the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for and during the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

This Clause is made perpetual by 6 geo, I. C 19. §. 1.

Till. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That an Act made in the sixth and seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon furies, which Act was to continue for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which Act was by an Act made in the first Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for reviving the Act, intituled, An Act for exempting Apothecaries from serving the Offices of Constable, Scavenger, and other Parish and Ward Offices, and from serving upon Juries, 'continued for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which Act will expire at the End of the next Session of Parliament, after the eleventh Day of February one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be and remain in full Force from and after the Expiration thereof, for the Space of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

WAND whereas in an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and explaining several Laws therein mentioned, which are expired and near expiring, there are several good Clauses and Provisions rela ting to the returning of Jurors, which Clauses and Provisions were by the said Act to continue in Force for three Years, from the first of May one thousand six hundred ninety three, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which said Clauses and Provisions were, by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the Eaje of furors, and better regaining of furies, continued for seven Years, from the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, andno longer; which said last mentioned Act was also to continue but for the said Te; m of seven. Years, from the said first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety six, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament; but was by ano there Act made in the first Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for continuing former Acts for exporting Leather, and for Ease of furors, and for reviving and making more ejfcdiunl an Act relating to Vagrants, continued further for seven Years from the Expiration thereof, and to the End of the next Session of Parliament: And whereas several other Clauses and Provisions, relating to the Returns and Service of Jurors, were made in another Act made in the Session of Parliament, held in the third and '4 fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making perpetual an Act for the more eqfy Recovery of fraall Tithes; and also an Act for the more easy obtaining Partition of Lands in Coparcenary, feint Tenancy, and Tenancy in common; and afo for making more cffiedtual and amending several Acts relating to the Return of furors, and were only to continue in Force during the Continuance of the said Act; all which Clauses, Provisions, and Act, are near expiring; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority afore tiid, That all the said Clauses, Provisions, and Act, hall be, and are hereby continued, and ball be in Force from the Expiration thereof, for and during the Space of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

V. And whereas by the said Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the said King William, it is enacted, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of fune one thousand six hundred ninety six, no Person shall be returned or summoned to serve upon any Jury of the Assizes, or general Gaol Delivery. 4 to be held for the county of York, or at any Sessions of the Peace to be held for any Part thereof (the A City of York, and County of the said City, and Town and County of Kingston upon Hull, excepted) above

once

Anno decimo Annae Reginae. C 15. 525

once in four Years, and some Doubt having arisen on what is to be understood by any Sessions of the Peace to be held for any Part thereof; 'therefore for explaining the same Words, and avoiding any Dispute rthat may hereafter be made touching the Construction thereof; Be it enacted and declared, That the same shall be construed to extend, not only to any Sessions of the Peace to be held for any of the Ridings within the said County of York, but also to any Sessions of the Peace that shall be held by Adjournment for any Part of the said Ridings, or any of them.

VI. Provided nevertheless, That if any Person interested in such Estate, as will qualify him to serve on Not toex cnj to juries, of the clear yearly Value of one hundred and fifty Pounds, or of any greater yearly Value, shall cxcmp' a, y - serve as a Juror at any of the said Sessions or Adjournments, he shall not thereby be exempted from serving assurer's atvhe5 as a Juror at the Assizes or general Gaol Delivery to be held for the said County of York, for the said Term Affixes for the of four Years, or any other Term; anything in the said recited Acts, or any of them, or in this present fcid Coumyx Act, contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

VII. Provided nevertheless, That nothing in this Act be construed extend to repeal or alter any of Nnr to repeal the Powers or Privileges granted or confirmed to the Justices of the Peace of the County of Devon, by an any lover Act passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for ratifying several Purchases lately made with L

the public Stock of the County of Devon; and for making further Purchases for the Up of the said County with von.^by the pii the public Stock thereof; and also for regulating and better Employment of the public Stock of the said County. Vate* Act of

9 Annie, e

CAP. XV.

An Act for repealing a Clause in the Statute made in the twenty first Year of the Reign of king James the First, intituled, An Act for the further Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as fall become Bankrupts, and for infilling corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts, in some special Cases, which makes Descriptions of Bankrupts, and for the Explanation of the Laws relating to Bankruptcy, in case of Partnership.

'tytt hereas by an Act made in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of King James the3l jac., i. C is First, intituled, An Act for the further Description of a Bankrupt, and Relief of Creditors against such as shall become Bankrupts, and for infilling corporal Punishment upon the Bankrupts, in some special Cases;

it is, (among!: other Things) enacted, That all and every Person or Persons using, or that should use the Trade of Merchandise, by way of bargaining, exchange, bartering, chevisance, or otherwise, in gross or by retail, or seeking his or her Living by buying and selling, or that should use the Trade or Pro ' session of a Scrivener, receiving other Mens Moneys or Estates into his Trust or Custody, who, at any Time after the End of the said Session of Parliament, being indebted to any Person or Persons in the Sum ' of one hundred Pounds or more, should not pay or otherwise compound for the same within six Months next after the same should grow due, and the Debtor be arrested for the same, or within six Months after an original Writ sued out to recover the said Debt, and Notice thereof given unto him, or left in Wri ' ting at Iris or their dwelling house or last Place of Abode, or being arrested for the Sum of one hundred Pounds or more of just Debt or Debts, should, at any Time after such Arrest, procure his Enlarge ment by putting in common or hired Bail, should be accounted and adjudged a Bankrupt to all Intents and Purposes, and in the said Cases of Arrest, or getting forth by common or hired Bail, from the Time of his or her laid f.rft Arrest: whereas it is found by Experience, That many and great Mischiefs {yf. fri.

and Inconveniences have happened, especially of late, to Trade and Credit in general, by reason of the After April so,

said Descriptions of a Bankrupt: 'For Remedy thereof for the future; Be it enacted by the queen's 1712. the re most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and ', t Aa fic' Commons, in this p efent Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That the said Act, and tftell first'.3 also all and every other Act and Acts of Parliament whatsoever, so far forth as they relate to the said,; a Descriptions of a Bankrupt, be, from and after the twentieth Day of April in the Year of our Lord one mpr, repeated, thousand seven hundred and twelve, repealed and made void; and that no Person or Persons whatsoever, Bac ctf. V 1. within the said Descriptions, or any of them, shall, from and after the said twentieth Day of April, for 'si letohp.i, or by Reason of the same, be taken or adjudged to be within the Statute or Statutes of Bankrupt what A 1

soever.

II. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Act, Sale, or Dispo Not to[njt!l; atc fition of any the Estate of such Persons within the said Descriptions, or any Distribution of the same, by 4."/estates or under any Commission or Commissions of Bankrupcy, before the said twentieth Day of April, taken uf ('uch. out against such Person or Persons, shall be hereby impeached or frustrated, but that the lame mail be en by anvcotr.mil > joyed for and towards Satisfaction of the Debts for which the same have been disposed or distributed. aken p

And whereas a Doubt has arisen upon an Act made in the fourth Year of her Majesty's Reign, 'ke rj'd

entitled. An Act to prevent Frauds frequently committed by Bankrupts, whether the Discharge of a Bank 1 0 al'r;

rupt, by virtue of that Act, should be construed to discharge the Partners of such Bankrupt from the anna;, C 17.

same Debt; 'Be it therefore further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That by the Dif by thcliiichargo charge of any Bankrupt or Bankrupts, by force of the said Actor any other Acts relating to Bankrupts, from the Debts by him, her, or them due and owing at the Time that he, he, or they did become a, ot be discharg bankrupt, shall not be construed, nor was meant or intended to release or discharge any other Person or ed.

Persons who was or were Partner or Partners with the said Bankrupt in Trade, at the Time he, she, or they became a Bankrupt, or then Hood jointly bound, or had made any joint Contract together with such Bankrupt or Bankrupts, for the same Debt or Debts from which he was discharged, as aforesaid, but that notwithstanding such Discharge, such Partner and Partners, joint Obligor and Obligors, ard joint Contradicts

Anno decimo Anna; Regime.

A.D. 1711.

traders with such Bankrupt and Bankrupts, as aforesaid, hall be and land chargeable with, and liable to Farther Pro fuel) Debt and Debts, and to perforin such Contrasts, as if the said Bankrupt and Bankrupts had relating to never been discharged from the same.

Bankrupt', 7 Cto, 0

I, f, 31, 5 Geo. %, C 30. (which is continued by 31 Geo. 2. c. 35. to 29thsept, 1764.) 19 Geo. 2. C 32. and 24 Geo. 2. c 57.

CAP. XVI.

An Act for regulating, improving, and encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of mixed or Medley Broad Cloth, and for the better Payment of the Poor employed therein.

n Ed, 3. e, 3 fcf5. zjed, 3, sat. i, C 4.

50 Ed, 3. C 7. 13 R, C 11. 1.7 R, 2, C z,

4 EJ. 4. C 1.

7 4. C 2 fif 3,

1 R. 3. 8.

3 //. 7. C 11.

After June 24, 1712. Medley Broad Cloth shall be measured at the Fuliing Mill, by the Matter, C who shall take an Oath truly to perform such mea firing, and hall affix a Seal to each Cloth, mentioning the Length, Breadth, See,

If damaged after mea faring, it shall be measured, 8zc, again.

neglecting to rr.easure, counterfeit ng the Seal, C forfeits aqs. for each Cloth.

Penalty of overs retching, C

tyfetliod to be observed in

ineafuring.

Cloth made before the said 24 th of Jane, and unfold may be

WHEREAS by the ill Practises of some Makers of Mixture or Medley Broad Cloth, and the unskilfulness of others, by excessive draining such Clothes, and other Abuses committed in' ' working the same, great Damages and Disappointments have happened, not only to the Buyers and.*Wearers of the said Cloth, but much to the Disresputation of the said Manufacture both at home and abroad, and the Workers or poor Labourers, employed in working and making up the said Manufacture, C have been impoverished, and are daily discouraged by imposing on them Goods and Wares of several Kinds for their Labour instead of ready Money, which Practises have been great Discouragements to the good Makers of, and fair Dealers in the said Mixture or Medley Broad clothfor Remedy therefore of the said ill Practises or Abuses, and in order to the reviving and preserving the Reputation of the said Cloth both at home and abroad, and for the Improvement thereof, and Encouragement of all good Makers and fair Dealers therein, may it please your Majesty, that it may be eriaded; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, all Mixture or Medley Broad Cloth to be made, shall be measured at the Fulling Mill, after the same hall be fully milled and scoured, and thoroughly wet, by the Master, Owner, or Occupier of every fudi Fulling Mill, who hall, and he is hereby obliged to take an Oath before some Justice of the Peace near to such Fulling Mill, that he will well and truly perform such measuring, (which Oath such Justice of Peace is hereby authorised and required to administer, and thereof to give such Master, 1 Owner, or Occupier of such: Fulling Mill, a Certificate of his having so done) and that every such Master of every Fulling Mill shall affix, or cause to be affixed, at the head end of every such Cloth, before it hall be carried from the Mill, a Seal of Lead, (to he furnished by the Clothier) and the Master or Occupier of every such Fulling Mill shall rivet the same on every such Cloth, and stamp his Name thereupon, mentioning in Figures the Length and Breadth of every such Cloth, for which he shall be paid by the Owner of every such Cloth one Penny, and no more; and the Length and Number of Yards so stamped on such Seal, shall be a Rule of Payment for every such Cloth by the Buyer of the same. Provided always, That if it shall happen, that after any Cloth hath been milled, sealed, and stamped, as aforesaid, or any Part thereof, shall by any Accident be damaged and taken off, such Part of the same, as shall not be damnified, shall be again measured, sealed, and stamped, as is before directed.

II. And it is further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if such Master or Occupier of such Fulling Mill shall refuse or neglect to fix fuel). Seal, as aforesaid, upon the head end of the said Cloth; or if any Person shall afterwards take off such Seal, or deface, counterfeit, or alter the Figure of any such Seal, before the Cloth is sold, and if the Buyer of such Cloth or Clothes shall refuse to accept or take the same, pursuant and according to the Measures herein before directed to be taken; every such Person and Persons that shall so offend, and be thereof lawfully convicted upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses, shall, for every such neglecvor Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings for every such. Cloth to be recovered and distributed as in this Act is afterwards provided for.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Clothier or cloth worker or any Person or Persons employed by him, after any mixed or Medley Broad Cloth is fully wet, sealed, and stamped, as aforesaid, shall, from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, stretch or train any such mixed or Medley Broad Cloth above one Yard in twenty Yards Length thereof, or above one Nail of a Yard in the Breadth thereof; and that every Person or Persons offending therein, shall, for every Gstence, (being duly convictrd thereof before such mixed or Medley Broad Cloth is sold, or exposed to Sale) forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, to be recovered and distributed as in and by this Act is afterwards directed'.

IV. And to prevent any Objection that may arise from the different Method or Manner of measuring any Mixture or Medley Broad Cloth; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said' twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, every mill man, Owner, or Occupier of every Fulling Mill, shall have in some convenient Place in his said Mill, one Table or Board twelve, Foot long, and three Foot wide at least, whereon the said Cloth, shall be doubled or creffed, and laid plain, witl) the Length of a Yard nailed or marked thereupon, to which shall be added one Inch more, which shall be used instead of that which is commonly called a Thumb's Breadth, so that the same Length shall contain thirty seven Inches, to prevent anydifpute in respect of such measuring by the Yard; and in Default of such f able or Board being provided and constantly kept for the Use thereof, every Person northeast gleft ing the same, shall forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered and distributed in such Manner as in this Act is afterwards provided.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to any Stock of the said Mixture or.' Medley Broad Cloth, which hath been made before, and which upon the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, hall be in hand and unfold, it shall and may be lawful for any

Anno decimo Ann reo ince.

C if 527

Clothier to take any or every such Cloth or Clothes so then in hand unsold, and to throw the same into the ?ndlys Water to shrink the same, in order to its being measuresd and sealed, as by this Act is before directed. as b5 this

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, every Clothier, cloth worker, card maker, or any ft other Person concerned in the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture, shall make Payment in Money to all workmen m and every Person and Persons any ways employed or concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, for all Work Money, to be done in Relation thereunto, and shall not, in lieu of Payment, impose or deliver to them any s01* of Goods or Wares for such Work; and in case any Person or Persons shall, in lieu of Payment, so impose on or deliver to any Workmen or poor Labourers, any Goods or Wares, for or instead of Money, every Person or Persons so offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Shillings, Penalty 20s. to be recovered and distributed in such Manner as in and by this Act is directed' '

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Offences against this Act shall be Offences again: heard and determined by one or more Justice Or Justices of the Peace of the County, City, or Place where this act to be the same shall be committed, provided such Justice or Justices be not concerned in the Matter of the said j^ts'ncd by Complaint, upon the Oath of one or more credible Witness or Witnesses; which Oath such Justice or Justices' Justices of the Peace is hereby empowered to administer; and that all and every the said Penalties, and for Forfeitures, one

teitures, which shall happen by virtue of this Act, shall be the one Moiety to the Informer, and the other ^alfu>the ln "Moiety to the Poor of the Parish, Township, or Place where the Offence shall be committed; and in case orme

ner, tl.eothii

any Offender shall neglect or refuse to pay any such Penalties and Forfeitures by the Space of fourteen Days negieftin^'to after the Conviction for such Offence, that then (and not before) it shall and may be lawful for the Justice pay in Days, or Justices of the Peace before whom such Conviction was made, and such Justice or Justices is and are maybekvied by hereby required to ifl ue out one or more Warrant or Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seais, to the^n^dist ref.3'0' Constable or Constables of the Parish, Town, or Place where such Offender doth inhabit, or can be commits d'to* found, within the Limits of his or their respective jurisdictions, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Houft of cor offender's Goods, returning the Overplus (if any be) to the Offender; and where no sufficient Distress rection for 3

Months.

can be found, to commit the Offender to the Gaol or House of Correction for the County or Corporation, to be kept to hard Labour for such Time as the Justice or Justices of the Peace, before whom such Conviction shall be made, shall direct, not exceeding, for any one Offence, three Months.

VIII. Provided always, That all Offences committed against this Act shall be prosecuted within thirty Prosecution in Days next after the Offences are committed or discovered. 3° da vs'

IX. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons find him or themselves aggrieved by any Persons aggrie

Order or Warrant made by any Justice or Justices of the Peace upon any Conviction before, him or them vcd n'ay appeal in pursuance of this Act, such Person or Persons may appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Gc e

neral Quarter sessions of the Peace to be held for the County or Place where such Conviction Hi all be

made, giving sufficient Notice of such Appeal; and if the Justices at such next General Sessions shall think fit to confirm or disannul the said Order or Warrant, they shall allow such Costs and Charges to the Party grieved thereby, as they shall think reasonable, to be levied and paid in such Manner as is usual in other Cases of Appeal from the Orders of Justices of the Peace to the General Quarter sessions.

X. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action or Suit shall hereafter he

commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons by this Act authorised to put the same in Execu C CRS"

tion, all and every Person and Persons so lued, may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Spe '

[Public Act.]

cial Matter in Evidence; and if the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited or forbear further Prosecution, or suffer Discontinuance, or a Verdict to pass against him, or Judgement upon Demurrer, the Defendant or De and recover fendants shall recover his and their treble Costs, for which he and they stall have like Remedy as in Cases treble Costs, wherein Costs by Law are. given to Defendants. And this Act shall be taken and allowed a Public Act in all Courts within this Kingdom, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such, without special pleading of the same. T

XI. Provided always, That this.aft, or anything herein contained, shall not be construed to extend ciotbnradeln10

to any Cloth mad? or manufactured within the County of York, or to repeal or any wise invalidate any of Yorkshire, nor the powers and Authorities mentioned or contained in an Act made in the seventh Year of her present Ma tu invalidate tyre jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better ascertainhig the Lengths and Breadths of Woollen Cloth made in °' 7 Anns:, the Counitt of York. J}:

[Vide 1 Geo. 1. flat. 2. C 15. for making this Act more effectual.] ffn aiingk'rt

to, 1 Geo. J. C 4.1. 11 Geo. 1. c. 24. >] Geo. 2. c. 25. 11 Geo. 2. c. 28. ari i±gc>. 2. C 35-.

C A IT XVII

An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, and for the further Benefit thereof; and for the preserving her Majesty's Harbour Moorings.

T Jf WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William 7 &sw.^. c.st, ' the Third, intituled An act for the Increase and hicouragement of Seamen, and also another aft8&9w 3 C 23- made in the eighth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, intituled An alto enforce the al for the In

crease and Inccuragement of Seamen, there was given for the better Support of the Royal Hospita] founded uf

at Greenwich by his said late Majesty, a Duty of six Penee per Metifem, payable by all Seamen; which every Scare an

Acts have not proved sufficient for the due collecting the said Duty: To the Intent therefore that the fur the Support said sixpence per Menfcm may for the future be more effectually collected for the Uses aforesaid, Be itgreenwich enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiri the'

tual'

Anno decimo Annas Reginae,

A.D. 1711.

Farther Provisions rela ing hereto, 2 Geo. 2. c. 7. & 36. m 18 Geo. I. C 31. Exceptions.

B & 3 Anna?,

C 6. §.7.

The Mailers,

The Admiralty to appoint Receivers,

who may depute the Officers of the Customs to, receive the Duty,

tual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Seaman or other Person whatsoever, that shall serve or be employed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or by any other Person or Persons whatsoever, in any of her Majesty's Ships, or in any Ship or vessel belonging or to belong to any of the Subjects of Great Britain or Ireland, or Dominions thereunto belonging, and every Master or Owner navigating or working in his own Ship or Vessel, whether employed upon the high Sea or Coasts of the same, or in any Port, Bay, or Creek, (other than such Apprentices, 1 under the Age of eighteen Years, as are exempted from Payment of sixpence per Menfem by an Act made in the second Year of her prefect majesty's Reign, and such Person or Persons as shall be employed in any Boat Upon any the Coasts of Great Britain or Ireland in taking of Fish, which are brought fresh on shore into Great Britain and Ireland, and every Person and Persons employed in Boats or Vessels that trade only from Place to Place within any River of Great Britain and Ireland, or in any open Boats upon the Coasts of the same) shall pay, and there shall be allowed and paid by every, such Master, Owner, Seamem, or other Person employed, or that hall be employed, the said sixpence per Menfem, or proportionably for a leflei Time, during the Time he or they shall be employed in, or belong to the said Ship' or Vessel, for the better Support of the said Greenwich Hospital, and to augment the Revenues thereof for the Purposes herein mentioned.

II. And it is hereby declared, That the Master, Owner or Commander of every Ship or Vessel, notin' ttc sme tdjtl her Majesty's Service, is hereby empowered and required to deduct and detain, out of the Wages, Shares, Or other Profits payable or accruing to such Seaman, or other Person employed in his Ship or Vessel, the said Duty of sixpence per Menfem, (other than for such Apprentices and other Persons as are before excepted); and shall pay the same to such Officer or Officers as shall on that Behalf he appointed by the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the Commissioners for executing the Office, of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being.

III. And be it further enacted, That for the better levying and cclle£)i'ng the said Duties of sixpence per Menfem, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or for the Commissioners the Office of Lord High admirapof Great Britain, for the time being, to appoint such Person or Persons, as he or they shall think fit, to be Receiver or Receivers of the said Duty, and also to authorise such Receiver or Receivers to depute and appoint the collectors or other Officers of her Majesty's Customs of the several Out Ports of this Kingdom, and of the Ports of the Kingdom of Ireland, or such other as he or they shall think fit, to collect) and receive the same; and all the said Collectors and Officers of the Customs, if so appointed, are hereby required to collect) and receive the same, according to such instructions and directions as shall be, from time to time, sent to them in Writing by the said Receiver or Receivers and for the Care and Pains therein of the said Collectors and other Officers of the Customs, and others, to be appointed to collect and receive the said Duty, it shall and may be lawful for the Lord high>admi ral, or Commissioners executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, for the time being, to make such Allowance to them out of the said Duties as he or they shall judge reasonable.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the Simmon Matty*, jfaj<j Receiver and Receivers, his or their Deputy or Deputies, for the time being, for the better Discovery

shall be due from the Persons serving on board, or belonging to any Merchant or private Ship or

Number of sea Vessel aforesaid, by Warrant under his or their Hands, to summon all such Masters and Commanders, or

(in their Absence) the Owner, or Owners of such Ships and Vessels, not in, her Majesty's Service, to be and appear at the Office of the said Receiver or Receivers, his or their respeifri ve Deputy, or Deputies, (so as the Person so summoned be not obliged to travel above ten Miles for the making such Appearance) which said Receiver or Receivers, his or their respective Deputy or Deputies, are hereby empowered and directed to examine every such Master and Commander, or Owner or Owners as to the Number and Times of.ser vice of all and every Person or Persons belonging to or employed in such Ships or Vessels, who are liable Matters, C re j or chargeable with the said Bum of sixpence per Menfejn; and if such Masters or Commanders, or in or^to^answer'u31' te' Absence) the Owners, or any of them, shall refuse, when so summoned (not having a reasonable on Oaih shall Excuse) to appear before the said respective Persons hereby empowered to examine them in Mamrer as

forfeit 201. one aforesaid, or if they shall appear, and obstinately refuse to make a full and true Discovery of the Matters

fulfto the Hof aforesaid, upon their several Oaths, (which Oaths the said Receiver or Receivers, their Deputy or Deputies, pitai, the other hereby empowered to administer) or shall neglect) to pay the Moneys which shall be due to the said Hospital, within fourteen Days after they shall be cleared inwards by. the officers of her Majesty's Customs, that then, and in every such Case, all and every such Offender or Offenders, for every such Refusal or Northeast -- gleft, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; one Moiety whereof shall be to the Use of the aforesaid Hospital, and the other Moiety to such Person or Persons as shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, ., or Information, in any, of her Majesty's Courts of, Record, wherein no Essoin, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed; and if a Verdict shall pass for the Plaintiff in any such Acitori, Bill, Plaint, or Matter attempt Information, then such Plaintiff shall have and be allowed double Costs; and if any such Master or Coming to goto Sea mander shall attempt to go to Sea with his said Ship or vessel before he hath duly accounted with and! nttvrthe re Palc the said' Receiver or Receivers the said Duty for the Voyage preceding, then and in such Case, such ceding Voyage" Receiver or Receivers, oriheir Deputies, are hereby empowered to stop such Ship or Vessel from proceeding "to Sea, tili the said Duty be paid and upon the Death or Removal of any Master or Commander of any,

Ship or Vessel, the Owner or Owners shall deliver to the succeedhig Master a true Account of the said Dufy, due to the said Hospital, as aforesaid, and Money, sufficient for the Payment of the same to the Receivers. thereof, and in Default thereof, such', Receiver and Receivers, or their Deputies, shall and lawfully may stop such Ship or Vessel from proceeding to Sea, until the said Duty shall be fully paid and satisfied. ut o _ V. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in all Cases wherein by tcptedyntteltof this Act an Oath is required or appointed to betaken, the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the peo an Oath, pie called ghtakers shall be accepted instead. of such Oath, in such Manner and Form as is direfiod in and

fcjf

Receivers may

men, C See n Geo. 2. c. 7, 5*

to the proiecu for.

Altered by a Geo. 2. c. 7,7

Receivers my ittip the Ship

Quakers affirmation to be ac

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo A dinm Reginae. C 1 7. 529

by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be acr 7 & 8 W. 3, ccpted iujlcad of an Oath in the itfual Form; for and during the Continuance of the said last recited Act, and C 34* no longer; and if such Quaker hall refuse to make such solemn Affirmation and Declaration, in any Case whereby any other Person is hereby required to take an Oath, he shall forfeit and be subject to the like Penalties, as any other Person refusing to take an Oath is liable to by this Act; and in case, any such ua Penalty of false. for hall, upon such his solemn Affirmation or Declaration, affirm or declare any Matter which shall be oath or Affu> false; if any other Person shall, pursuant to the Execution of this Act, wittingly or willingly make araation' false Oath, he or they so offending (being lawfully convicted thereof) shall suffer the like Fines and Puri ishments as other Persons, being convicted of wilful Perjury, are by. the Laws of this Realm subject unto.

VI. And whereas it is, and hath of late been the Use and Practice of diverse Masters or Commanders, No Contracts by Owners or Part Owners of diverse Outward bound Merchant Ships or Vessels, to enter into, or signa cer Seamen flu'.l ob

C taiq Writing or contradi, whereby the Mariners debar themselves from their Wares, until some certain of'he*

£ Time after the said Ship or vessel's Arrival from oft" the said Voyage in the same Port from which they lne

£ did sirs put to Sea, although the said Ships or Vessels do make Delivering Ports in Foreign Parts, whereby their Wages would otherwise come due by Law; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no such Contracts, nor any other private Contracts or Agreements, made or entered into by any Seaman or Mariner, shall extend, or be construed to extend, in any Ways to debar, obstruct, or delay the Payment of the Duties aforesaid, which by this or any other Act are appropriated to the Use of the said Hospital.

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Add, and every Part thereof, shall a publick Affl. be taken and deemed to be a Public Act; and if, at any Time or Times hereafter, any Person or Persons shall be sued for any Matter or 1 bing done in the Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the Special Matter in Evidence; and if upon Trial general issue. the Plaintiff shall become nonsuited, or a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant, the Defendant shall recover Treble Costs of Suit.

VIII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act do extend to oblige the Payment of the sixpence per Nor to extend to

Menfem, by any Mailers, Servants, or Apprentices of the Boys, Smacks, or other Vessels belonging to Boys, C em

the Port of London, and employed within the North Foreland, in bringing Corn, Fish, or other Provisions v^corn fifte* for the said Port of London, during the Time they shall be so employed; anything in this Act contained to to London, the contrary notwithstanding.

IX. And whereas in and by one other Act made at Westminster in the sixth Year of her present Ma 6 Anna?, C 13, ' jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better securing the Trade of this Kingdom by Cruizers and Convoys,

amongst other Things therein contained, it is enacted, That after the Sale or Sales of such Prize or Prizes as shall be taken from the Enemy, Public Notification should be given by the Persons or Agents ap.

pointed for the Payment of the several Shares to the Captors; after which Public Notification, if any Shares shall remain in the Hands of the Persons or Agents appointed, as by the said Act is directed, ei there belonging to such Men ns shall die or run from the Service, or such as shall not legally be demand ed within three Years, then such Share or Shares so remaining in the Persons or Agents Hands, shall go ' to, and be paid to the Use of Greenwich Hospital: which said Act it is likewise, amongst other Things,

further enacted and declared, That as well the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Value of such Prize or £ Prizes that shall be taken into her Majesty's Service, as the Bill or Bills to be made out for the Bounty thereby granted to the Commanders, Officers, Seamen, and others, for taking any of the Enemies Ships £ of War or Privateers, shall be made payable to such Person or Persons as shall be authorised and appointed to appraise or dispose of such Prize so taken from the Enemy, by the Commander, and by the Majority of the Officers, and the major Part of such Ships Company, and others as shall have taken the £ same, to be distributed and divided by the said Person or Persons, so authorised and appointed, amongst £ Captors, in such Manner, Form, and Proportion as is thereby directed; the several Shares of which f Captors (if not legally demanded within three Years after Public Notification) shall go to the Use of £ Greenwich Hospital: In which said Act, no sufficient Provision being made to oblige such Agents or other £ Persons to discover or duly to account for the Moneys remaining in their Hands due to the said Hospital Now for the better and more effectual preserving and securing all such Interests and Shares so given and All Person'; dif. granted by the said Act, to and for the Use of the said Hospital, and for the better and more certain col posing of Prizes, ledling the same; Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Per or appointed by fons. Agent and Agents, and others who hath sold or disposed of, or shall hereafter fell or otherwise dispose of any such Prize or Prizes so faken, or that shall hereafter be so taken from the Enemy, shall within for he Value of the Space of three Calendar Months next after the firs Payment or Distribution to the Captors of such pr; ze ships, or Prize or Prizes, made in pursuance of such Public Notification, make out, transmit or deliver unto the for the Bounty Treasurer of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, for the time being, or to such Person or Persons as he trained by that shall for that Purpose depute cr appoint, a true State and Account of the Produce of such Prize and Prizes, aatwfina' together with an Account of the Payments of the several Shares to the Captors, as shall then have been of any pme°ta^ really and bona fide by him or them paid; and also that all and every Person and Persons authorised and ap ken by Shirs of pointed by the said Act to receive Bills for the Value of such P: ize Ship or Ships as are or shall be taken War, shall re, into her Majesty's Service, in Pursuance of the said Act, and all and every Person and Persons authorised I'pedivek in and appointed to receive Bills for the Bounty granted by the said Act, shall, within the like Space of thrre r&to7he Calendar Months, next after the firs Payment or Distribution of such Bills, for the Value of such prize.neyfurer of Ships, taken into her Majesty's Service, and of the Bills for Bounty, as aforesaid, in like Manner make out, 'greenwich Hof 1, transmit, or deliver to the Treasurer for the time being of the said Hospital, or to his sufficient Deputy, a pital Accounts true State and Account of the Payment and Distribution of such Bills; and further, That all and every hereof,

Person and Persons, Agents and others, that by virtue of the said Act hath sold and disposed of, or that

Anno decimo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1711.

Persons convicted of Fraud in stating Accounts to forfeit ioqi. one Half to the Hospital, the other to the Prosecutur.

Ol'ause for limiting a Time for Captors to demand their. $jiares.

Hi all hereafter sell or dispose of any Prize or Prizes taken from the Enemy, or that Hull at any time hereafter be taken from the Enemy by any of her Majesty's Ships of War or Privateers, or that shall receive and dispose of any Bill or Bills for the Value of such Prizes as shall be taken into her Majesty's Service, or Bills for Bounty, such Person and Persons, Agents and others, so selling or disposing thereof, shall, within the Space of three Calendar Months next after the Expiration of the Term of three Years, limited by the said Act, make out an exact Account of the Produce of such Prize or Prizes, and Bills for Bounty, as also for the Payments of the several Shares to the respective Captors, together with a true and just Account upon Oath of all such Sum or Sums of Money as shall be then remaining in such Agent or person's cu stody, Power, or Possession; and shall at the same Time deliver, or cause to be delivered to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, for the time being, or to his sufficient Deputy or Agent, the said Accounts so attested upon Oath, as aforesaid, together with all such remaining Sum and Sums of Money then so left and remaining in his or their Hands, as aforesaid, taking his or their acquittances for the same.

the personneg X And be it further enacted, That all and every the Person and Persons hereby directed to transmit or ledting rotranf deliver all or any the Accounts before mentioned, who shall neglect or refuse to transmit or deliver all or tountsftail for any f' ich Account or Accounts, within the Times before limited or appointed, in such Manner and Form tehmcolrno the as's herein before mentioned, or who shall neglect or refuse to pay over all and every such Sum and Sums said Hospital. of Money as shall remain in his or their Hands, Power, Custody, or Possession, after the Term of three Years, to be accounted, as aforesaid, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and pay to the Use of the said Royal Hospital the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

XI. And be it further enacted, That if any Fraud, Collusion, or Deceit shall he wittingly or willingly made, used, committed, permitted, done, or differed, in the making, stating, or balancing any such Accounts, then every Person or Persons, who shall be thereof duly convicted, and his and their Aiders and Abettors, shall forfeit and pay, for every such Offence, over and above the Penalties and Punishments to be inflicted by any other or former Law, the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety whereof to be to the Use of the said Hospital, and the other Moiety to the Informer who shall foe for the same, to be recovered, with Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any Court of Record, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, nor more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

XII. And whereas her Majesty by her raofl gracious Declaration for Encouragement of her Ships of £ War and Privateers, bearing Date the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and two, was pleased to direct, That in case any of her Ships of War, or Merchant Ships employed in her Service, or any

Private Man of War, should take in Sight, fink, fire, or by any other Means destroy any Ship of War, or Private Man of War belonging to, or in the Service of the Enemy, they should have, as a Reward,

for such Service, for each Piece of Ordnance, whether Iron or Brass, in any Ship of War, or Private Man of War, so taken or destroyed, ten Pounds, to be paid out of her Majesty's Share of Prizes, and to befhared and divided as in the said Declaration is specified: And whereas the Flag Officers, Captains, and other Officers, and Companies of several of her Majesty's Ships of War, did take and destroy several Ships of War and Privateers belonging to, or in the Service of the Enemy, before the Commencement of the said Act of Parliament passed in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, and thereby became en

to such Reward, as aforesaid, by virtue of the said Declaration; but no Money remaining of her Majesty's Share of Prizes in the Receivers Hands, they are like to be deprived of the Benefit of her Majesty's said gracious Intention of rewarding such Service, unless some Provision be made by Parliament for Supplying the same: And wherea's the Sums of six thousand Pounds, and one thousand two hundred 1 Pounds, Part of the Money remaining due to the several Captors for their Shares of Prizes, by virtue of the said Declaration, have been paid by tyre Receiver or Receivers of Prizes into the Receipt of the Ex — " chequer, where the same lie uncalled for, though Public Notice for Payment the eof hath long since

published in the Gazettes; and it being requisite that some certain Time should be limited for the 1 Captors to make their Claims to their Shares of Prizes, by virtue of the said Declaration, and in Default thereof to be barred the same, in order to have the Accounts of such Shares finally adjusted, and that so much thereof as shall remain uncalled for within such limited Time, may be applied to and for the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as to such Shares belonging to any Captors of Prizes, by virtue of the said Declaration, of the Day appointed for the Payment whereof Public Notice hath been given in the Gazette for three Years or more since past, and which shall not be legally demanded before the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twelve, such Captors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall, from and after the said twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be for ever barred from all Right and Claim to the same; and as to any other Shares belonging to any Captors, as aforesaid, if the said Shares shall not be legally demanded on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, such Captors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, shall then be for ever barred from all Right and Claim to the same.

tie.fury may '

XIII. And whereas there are remaining in the Hands of the said Receivers several Sums of Money oi dtrthe cool which may probably be sufficient to answer all Demands of Captors, and also to pay the said Rewards, ma1nin°°inthf over besides the said Sums of six thousand Pounds, and one thousand two hundred Pounds, paid into Exchequer, to the p eceipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, which said last mentioned Sums may be presently applied for vie paid to the the Benefit of the said hospital be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer of the Treasurer of Great Britain, or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall and may, and Jtofpitat, are hereby authorised and directed to order the Payment of the said Sums of six thousand Pounds, and one thousand two hundred Pounds, to be forthwith issued and paid to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, to be by him applied to the Uses and Purposes herein after mentioned; and as. to all the Moneys which now

is

Anno decimo Ann Resinas.

O

A.D. 1711.

How the Captors charge to the said Treasurer for all Moneys so by him paid, againgft all Persons whatsoever; and in case to be paid if the there hall not be Money enough in the Hands of the Receiver and Receivers of Prizes, and the Person

cieni.

Money in Receivers Hands duringth of W. 3 manded before 24 June 1712. shall be paid to the Treasurer for the Use of the Hospital

Who may be admitted into the Hospital,

Receiver has not or persons appointed to receive the same, to pay the said Captors Rewards, and the said Charges of attend moneyiufk ing all making such Payments, as aforesaid, That then it shall and may be lawful for the said Treasurer, or any other Treasurer of the said Hospital for the time being, and such Treasurer is hereby authorised and required out of such Moneys, to pay all such Money as hall, be deficient for the Purposes aforesaid, or any or either of them, to the Receiver of Prizes or other Person appointed for the receiving Prizes, out of the Revenues of the said Hospital, which hall be, and are hereby charged with, and made liable to the Payment of the same, so as the said Hospital be not charged with more than the said Sums of six thousand Pounds, and one thousand two hundred Pounds, to be received, as aforesaid, out of the Exchequer.

XIX. And whereas considerable Sums of Money may be remaining in the Hands of the Receiver or Receivers of Prizes, or Persons appointed for the same, during the Reign of his late Majesty King will creign' liam the Third, their Executors or Administrators, belonging to several Captors in the Service of his said late Majesty, for their Shares of Prizes taken during the Reign of his said late Majesty, which have not been legally called for, or demanded in all this Time; and it will therefore be fit that the same hold

discharged, and some Disposition made thereof be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Moneys as shall be so remaining, as aforesaid, in the Hands of any Receiver or Receivers of Prizes, or Persons appointed for the same, their Executors or Administrators, hall be paid on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the Treasurer of the said Hospital, to be applied to theule of the said Hospital; and such Receiver or Receivers of Prizes, or Persons appointed for the same, their Executors and Administrators, are hereby required and authorised to pay the same accordingly; and the said several Captors, their Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, are hereby barred from all Right and Claim thereunto.

XX. And whereas no Seamen have hitherto been admitted into the said Elospital, but such only as have served in the Royal Navy, notwithstanding great Sums have been eonllantly paid towards the Sup

of the said Hospital from the Wages of Seamen employed in Merchants Service Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord fligh Admiral of Great Britain, the Commissioners of the Admiralty for the time being, or whoever else hall, from time to time, have Power to direct the ad million of any Seamen into the said Hospital, hall consider, as being fully qualified for an Admission into the said Hospital, any Seaman, who shall offer himself to be admitted, and who hall produce an authentic Certificate of his having been wounded, maimed, or hurt in defending any Ship belonging to the Subjects of her Majesty, against the Enemies of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or in taking any Ship from the Enemy, and thereby disabled for Sea Service; any Law, Custom, Usage or Order to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXI. Whereas it is become a common Practice, that Merchants Ships and Vessels carrying Merchandise, do very often flop and ride at the Moorings appointed and laid out for the Use of her Majesty's tffthe^queen sn Ships and Vessels, and at her Majesty's Ships and Hulks in Harbour, near and adjoining to her Majesty's Moorings, the Dock Yards, store houses and Magazines, such Merchant or trading Ships or Vessels not being forced Captain, &c.' 4 thereto by any Necessity or Want of Tide, by which Means her Majesty's Ships, Vessels, and Maga

shall forfeit 10l. C zines are subjected to Accidents by Fire, and other Damages, through the Carelessness of the Persons left for every Tioe^ < on board such Merchant Ships, as well as to Charges, by weakning and wearing the Moorings; and the Persons left on board such Merchant Ships, by their long staying at such Moorings, have great Oppor tunities of running of Goods and imbezilling her Majesty's Naval Stores: 'For Prevention whereof, Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Merchant Ship, or any other Ship or Vessel, not being one of her Majesty's Ships of War, or belonging to her Majesty's Royal Navy, or employed in her Majesty's Service, or such Ships as shall come to deliver Stores into her Majesty's Yards, during their Delivery thereof, shall stop or fallen to any of her Majesty's Moorings, or fix themselves to any of her Majesty's Ships or Hulks, the Captain, Mailer, Commander, or Person, having the Care or Command of such Merchant Ship or Vessel, that shall be then on board, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of ten Pounds for each and every Tide such Merchant Ship or Vessel shall lay at the said Moorings, unless it shall appear that such Merchant Ship or Vessel was necessitated so to do, by want of Tide, Stress of Weather, or other una one Moiety to V idable Accidents; one Moiety of which Forfeiture shall be to the Use of the aforesaid Hospital, the other the Hospital, the Moiety thereof to the Use of him or them that shall sue for the same, together with Costs of Prosecution, fecutcr!'r to be recovered by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at tt ejiminster, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, Injunction, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

Upon Neglect to

XXII. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Notice given Notic"'iven for 1: 0 t^le fers°n commanding on board such Merchant Ship or Vessel, or under whose Care the same hall Hours' herr then be, by any Officer or Officers belonging to any of her Majesty's Ships of War, Docks or Yards, as Majesty's' Of aforesaid, to unioofe from the said Moorings, upon neglect or Refusal thereof for the Space of twenty-four fleers may on Hours, it shall and may be lawful to and for every such her Majesty's Officer and Officers, to unioofe such. from thehmoor Merchant Ship or Vessel from the said Moorings.

ings. Farther Previflons concerning Seamen, I Geo. IC. 25. 8 Geo. i. C 24* 1 Geo. 2. flat ?9 & 14. 2 Geo. 2. c. 7^3*Oeo. 2. C 25* 8 Geo.

2. C 29. 11 Geo. 2. c. 30. 13 Geo. 2. c. 3, 17. 14 Geo. 2. c. 38, jy Geo. 2. c. 34.* is Geo. 2. c. 31, 20 G'to, z, C 38. 22 Geo. 2. c. 52. 2\gco9

2, C 47, 31 Geo. 2. c. 10.

If any Ship not belonging to the

he stays at the said Moorings, unless necessitated so to do by Stress of Weather, Sec,

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Ann Reginae.

C 18.

5 t

0 V

CAP. XVIII.

An Act to give further Time for inrolling such Leases granted from the Crown, as have not been enrolled within the respective Times therein limited, and for making the pleading of Deeds of Bargain and Sale enrolled, and of Fee Farm Rents, more easy.

WHEREAS several Leases or Grants have been made by her Majesty, or her Royal Predecessors, under her or their Great Seals, or under the Exchequer Seal, the Seals of the Duchy and County Palatine of Lancajle\\ or some of them, of several Manors, Messuages, Lands, Woods, Tenements,

Tithes, Profits, and other Hereditaments, within that Part of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to take Effect in Possession, Reversion, or Expectancy, or by way of future Intcrelt, for one, two, or three Lives now in being, or for some Term or Terms of Years, determinable upon one, two, or three Lives now in being, or for some certain Term or Terms, not exceeding fifty Years, to take effect from the Date or making thereof, or for such other Estate or Term as (together with the Estate or Estates in Possession of and in the Premises so leased or granted respectively) was not to exceed three Lives, or the Term of fifty Years, from the Date or making of every such particular Lease or Grant: And whereas there are several Provisoes, Conditions, or Covenants in ferted in the said several Leases, or some of them respectively, importing that the same should be enrolled before the proper Auditor of each County within a Time limited in that Behalf, to the end the Rents or Duties thereby reserved or payable might be put in Charge, and duly answered and paid, or performed: And whereas notwithstanding the said Provisoes, Conditions, or Covenants in the said Leases, yet several of the Lessees or Fanners therein named, or those claiming under them, have omitted and northeast glcfted inrolling, or causing to be enrolled, their said Leases, within the respective Times limited for that Purpose, as aforesaid, whereby the said Rents or Duties are not only in Likelihood of being lost, but the Leases are for that Cause void or voidable, or the Lessees, or those claiming under them, are liable to Payments Nomine poena, or other Penalties or Damages: Nov to the end the said lefl ees, and the Per Tonnes claiming under them, may be relieved in the Premises, and that the Rents due and reserved upon such Leases may hereafter be duly put in Charge, answered and satisfied, her Majesty is graciously pleas 4 ed, that it may be enacted and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person and Persons; Bodies Politic and Corporate, having at any Time or Times before the third Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, made such Default or Omission of Inrollment of any such Lease or Leases, as aforesaid, or any Person or Persons claiming or pretending any Right, Title, or Interest under them, or any of them, shall and may, on or before the third Day of March which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, bring, or cause to be brought, such Lease and leals to the proper Auditor to be in rolled, who is hereby authorised and required to inrol the same, and to put the Rents thereupon reserved in Charge, as if such Lease or Leases had been brought to be enrolled within the respective Times thereby limited in that Behalf; 'and that in every such Case, the Lease so enrolled within the said Time limited by this Act, shall upon such Inrollment thereof, and Payment of all Arrears of Rent then due thereupon (and not otherwise) be adjudged to continue and have its being, as if no Forfeiture, or cause of Forfeiture (for want of Inrollment only) had been had or made; and the Lessee or Lessees in every such Lease so enrolled pursuant to this Act, and all Persons claiming under them respectively, hall be, and is and are hereby exonerated and discharged of and from all Penalties and Damages which might be occasioned for want of such Inrollment; any Law, Custom, or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to affirm or give Continuance or Being to any Lease or Leases, which in any Court of Law or Equity have been adjudged or decreed to be forfeited or avoided for want of such Inrollment, as aforesaid; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. And for supplying a Failure in plea ling or deriving the Title to Lands, Tenements, or heredita 4'inents, conveyed by Deeds of Bargain and Sale, indented and enrolled according to the Statute made in the twenty seventh Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for Inrollment of Bargains and Sales, where the original Indentures of Bargain and Sale, to be showed forth or produced, are wanting, which often happens, especially where diverse Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, are comprised in the same Indenture, and afterwards derived to different Persons Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where in any Declaration, Avowry, Bar, Replication, or other Pleading whatsoever, any such Indenture of Bargain and Sale enrolled, hall be pleaded with a Profert in Curia, or offer to produce the same, the Person or Persons so pleading, shall and may produce and hew forth, and be suffered and allowed to produce and ftiew forth, by the Authority of this Act, to answer such Profert, as well against her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, as against any other Person or Persons. a Copy C f the Inrollment of such Bargain and Sale; and such Copy examined with the Inrollment, and signed by the proper Officer, having the Custody of such Inrollment, and proved upon Oath to be a true Copy, so examined, and signed, shall be of the same force and effect, to all Intents and Constructions of Law, as the said Indentures of Bargain and Sale were and should be of, if the same were in such Case produced and fhev/n forth.

IV. And for as much as the Fee Farm Rents, and other Rents purchased under an Act of Parliament made in the twenty second Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, hi let for the

All Persons having before 3 March 1711. omitted to inroll Leases made by the Crown, shall before 3 March.

1 'll. cause them to be in rolldd, and the Lease so enrolled shall be adjudged to have its being, as if no Forfeiture bad been made for want of such Inrollment.

This Act shall not continue any Lease adjudged to be forfeited.

If a Bargain and bale be pleaded, a Copy thereof fijned by the proper Officer and proved on Oath, shall be of the same Ef*fest as if the original Indenture bad been produced.

27 H. o. C 16.

advancing the Sale of Fee Farm Rents

and other Rents. and ore other Act made in the twenty second and

twenty

Where any Fee ir.rrn Rents, sold pursuant to the Acts 22 Car,

534- C i 9. Anno decimo Annm Regins. A.D. 1711.

a, C 6. k zz. ' twenty-third Years of the same Reign, intituled, An Act for vefing certain Fee Farm Rents, and other & z3 Car. a. ' small Rents in Trustees, cannot always be so fully and particularly described, as may be requisite for con rade" e veying or pleading the famefor the better deriving and pleading the Title to such Rents, from the decj ic, ai Trustees appointed for selling thereof, pursuant to either of the said Acts, and clearing all Doubts relating i iey weiein the to the naming or describing thereof; Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where Indentures of any Rent or Rents, intended by the said Acts, or either of them, to be sold, and sold pursuant thereto, is. Bargain and Sale are or shall be named or described in any Deeds, Fines, Recoveries, or other Assurances, or in any de f'lchdescriptio"! c'arat on' Bar, Avowry, Replication, or other Pleading whatsoever, by such or the like Names or Derail serve in lcriptions, as the same were named or described by in the Indentures of Bargain and Sale made by the truf plesding the tees for Sale thereof, pursuant to the said Acts, or either of them, such Names or Descriptions may serve,

Titles. ..and are and hall be sufficient for the conveying, deriving, or pleading the Title to such Rent or Rents

from or under the said Trustees, and shall be at all Times deemed, judged, and allowed so to be, in all Wot to extend l0 Courts f Law, or elsewhere.

'Rent which has V. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained, hall extend to give or allow any Benefit or

not been paid in Advantage in pleading or deriving Title to any Rent which hath not been paid or levied within twenty so Years. Years next.before the Time of such pleading or deriving Title to the same.

CAP. XIX.

An Act for laying Several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same 5 and upon chequered and striped Linens importedand upon certain Silks, 'Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, or stained; and upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by way of 1 ottery towards her Majesty's Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs 5 and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice, and for better securing her Majesty's Duties to ar ife in the Office for the Stamped Duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lost Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets, and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Public.

Tor the Appropriation of the Surplus aiifing from this Act, see i Anns*, X 116.

Trom 10 June 1712. all Scpe imported, to pay C d., pjr jb. for 32 Years.

Made perpetual by 3 Gcq. i. C §. 1.

All Sope made in Great Britain to pay id. per lb

Sope landed "before Entry, C forfeited, or the Value.

One Moiety to*e Crown, the other to the Seifor,

OST gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, finding it absolutely lieceflary to raise large Supplies of

Money to carry on the present War, until your Majesty hall be enabled to establish a good and lading Peace, and for defraying your majesty's other extraordinary Expenses, have, for those Ends and Purposes, given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Duties for and upon all Sope made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and for and upon all Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and for and upon all the chequered and striped Linens to be imported into Great Britain, and for and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, ' and Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, as are herein after mentioned; and for and upon such stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and other Things, as are hereafter in this Act more particularly

described; for and during such Term and Terms of Years, and in such Manner and Form, as are herein after expressed: we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; 'And be it enacted by the queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That there ftit.ll be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Sope which, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the tenth Day o June one thousand seven hundred andt twelve, hall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties already imposed thereupon) the Sum of twopence for every Pound Weight, consisting of sixteen Ounces Averdupth, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers thereof, from time to time, before the Landing of the same: And that there hall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Sope of what Kind soever, which at any time or times within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, hall be made within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny for every such Pound we ght Averduftis, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, the same to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any of the said imported Sope hall be landed or put on Shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the custotn house in the Port or Place where the same hall be imported, and before the Duties by this Act charged or chargeable thereupon, hall he duly paid, V without a Warrant for the landing or delivering the same, first ftgr.ed by the Commissioners, Collectors. or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, that all such imported Sope, of what Kind soever, as shall he so landed or put on Shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of thetame. hall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized or recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof; to wit, One Moiety of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Use of such Person or Persons as y.rill seize, inform, or sue for the Sope so imported and forfeited, or the Value thereof, in any 4. her

A.D. 171 r.

Anno decimo Ann Regina

C 19.

her majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in her Majesty's Court of Session, Court of Justiciary., ., Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, by Action, Suit, Bill, or Information, wherein no eltoin, -.

Profeftion, or Wager of Lawshall be allowed.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon imported Sope, by How these Dustins Act granted, during the Continuance thereof, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, (es shall te' and answered, for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Me ral ed, ' thods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the present Duties upon

Sope imported, or any of them, are by any Law or Statute now in Force to be ascertained, secured, levied, ': raised, recovered and answered, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

IV. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties imposed by Duties on scper this Act upon imported Sope, as shall arise in England Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall under the Mai be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in England for the time ben, gcment of the ing; and such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Sope, as shall ariie in Scotland, shall be Commissionerj under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in Scotland for the time being; of the Customs* and that the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the time being, shall,

from time to time, pay or cause to be paid, all the Moneys that they respectively shall receive of the said- -- '

imported Sope (the necessary Charges of raising and accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinctly and apart from all other Branches in the Public.

Revenues, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities as are to be inflicted by this Act, for; diverting or misapplying any Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for any the Purposes herein after mentioned,

V. And for the better ascertaining, charging, and securing the Duties by this Act set and imposed upon Her Majestycrv

all Sorts of Sope made in Great Britain; during the Term aforesaid, according to the true Meaning of this Treasury top aft, and for preventing of Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, p01"1 Commis that such Commissioners or Persons as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or the High Treasurer of aj'r; n Great Britain now being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the Commissib Eritam.

ners of the Treasury for the time being, shall, from time to time, by one or more Commission or commissions for that Purpose appoint, shall be her Majesty's Commissioners for the Receipt and Management of the said Duties by this Act set and imposed upon all the Sope made within Great Britain chargeable by this Act; which said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall and have hereby Power, Which com ". by Commissions under their respective Hands and Seals, to substitute and appoint under them such Receivers V

General, Collectors, Comptrollers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as shall be requisite and necessary for vs°genera k&e,

the Purposes aforesaid; that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, and all the Officers for the said

Duties on Sope, shall have out, of the same such Salaries and Rewards for their respective Services - relation to the same Duties, as the said High Treasurer now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think reasonable to establish or allow in that Behalf; and that the respective Commissioners for the said Duties on Sope to be made in Great Britain, for the time being, shall, from time to time, cause all the Moneys to arise by or for the said Duties on Sope to be made in Great Britain, during the Term aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of managing, col ty to be paid into lecting, raising, paying, and accounting for the same excepted) to be paid, from time to time, as the the exchequer. lame shall arise, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, under the Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities herein after expressed.

VI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person or Persons whatso j!°pe e

ever, who, on or before the tenth Day of June in the Year of oitr Lord one thousand seven hundred and ^'iz! to give twelve, shall make any Sope in Great Britain, for Sale or not for Sale, shall, on or before tile same tenth Notice at the Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, give Notice in Writing at the Office for the said Du Offireof their ties on Sope next to the Flace where such Sope shall be made, of their respective Names, and of every Najne'. and boiling house, work house, store house, ware house, Shojr, Room, and other Place by him, her, or jns: houfts»

them respectively made use of for the making, or keeping of such Sope, or for the boiling or keeping any

Oil, Tallow, pot ash, Lime, or other Materials proper to be made into Sope; and also of all Coppers, coppers - Kettles, Furnaces, Fats, Cisterns, Troughs, or other Vessels used in the boiling or making of Sope; and tios &c's. that from and after the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Sope, no Maker of Sope shall erect, setup, alter, change, enlarge or make use of any boiling house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room, or other Place for the making or keeping of Sope, or for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow, pot ash, Lime, or other Materials proper to be made into Sope, or use any Copper, Kettle, Furnace, Sat, Cistern, Trough, or other Vessel for the boiling or making of Sope, without first giving Notice thereof in Writing, or unless Notice thereof shall have been before given in Writing at the next Office, as aforesaid; if any Maker of Sope shall erect, setup, alter, enlarge, or make use of any boiling house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room, or aether Place for the making or keeping of Sope, or for the boiling or keeping any Oil, Tallow, pot ash, Lime, or other Materials proper to be made into Sope, or shall use any Copper,

Kettle, Furnace, Sat, Cistern, Trough, or other Vessel for the boiling or making of Sope, without giving

Inch Notice thereof, as aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Act, then, and in every; such Case, cn Forfeitures the Offender therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and lose the Sum of fifty Pounds. of 50]. '

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the said Dus, a H ties 011 Sope, no Maker of Sope in Great Britain shall charge or cause to be charged any Copper, Pan, or for v/orkin " other Utensil, with Materials for making of Sope, or fill out any Sope from the same, between the Hours Sope,

of ten at Night and five in the Morning, without first giving Notice thereof to the proper Officer, under the Penalty of fifty Pounds for every such. Offence, - "Twenty in the.

formes editlcas»i.

C 19.

Anno decimo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1711.

The Contents of a Band, Scc. of Sope.

30 Ann: ?, C 26. Hi.

Rope Mahers \vi11: ijo the Weekly Bills to enter at the Office mon hly, ofhers every six Weeks, on for fcituie of o 1.

Entries to be made on Oath orfolemn Affirmation.

VII. And it is hereby declared, That every Barrel of Sope doth or ought to contain two hundred fifty and six Pounds; every Half Barrel, one hundred twenty and eight Pounds; every Firkin sixty and four Pounds; and every Half Firkin thirty and two Pounds Averdupois, besides the Weight or Tare of the Cask: And that all Sope to be made during the said Term, shall be put by the Maker into such Cask, and none other, upon the making thereof, upon Pain of forfeiting five Pounds for every Offence or Neglect therein,

IX. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day o(june one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Sope hereby granted, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Sope in London or Westminster, or in any Parts within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall Monthly, and every Month, and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Sope in any other Part of Great Britain, shall, once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties, of all the Sope by him, her, or them severally made within such Month or six Weeks respectively; which said Entries shall contain the Weight of all Sope mentioned therein respectively, and what Quantity thereof was made at each Boiling in the several Weeks to which such Entries shall relate, on Pain to forfeit for every Neglect of Entry the Sum of fifty Pounds: Which Entries shall be made upon Oath by the Makers of such Sope, or by their chief Workman or Servant employed in making the same, according to the bell of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Workman, or Servant, be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Workman, or Servant to the same Effect, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; and the said Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations to verify the same, shall, for such Sope as shall be made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be made with and administered by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the said Duties in England, or the major Part of them, for the time being, who shall attend at a General Office in London or Westminster for that purpose, and for all Sope made in all other Parts of Great Britain, with and by the Collectors and Supervisors of the District: or Division within which the respective Makers of Sope shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

X Provided always, That no Maker of Sope shall be obliged to go or send further than the Market Town where his or her Sope is made, or the next Market Town to the Place where his or her Sope is made, for the making of such Entries, as aforesaid.

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Sope in London, Westminster, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall, within four Weeks, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who hall make any Sope in any other Part of Great Britain, hall within six Weeks after he, she, or they hall make, or ought to have made such Entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties for Sope which hall be due from him, her, or them respectively; that all and every such Makers of Sope, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected; that no such Maker of Sope, after such Default in Payment made, shall sell, deliver, or carry out any Sope, until he hath paid and cleared off his Duty, as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of such Sope so delivered or carried out.

XII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties on Sope, shall, at all Times, by Day or by Night (and if in the nighttime, then in the Prefenee of a Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace) be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter the House, boiling house, ware house, or other Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by any Person or Persons, who within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, shall be a Maker or Makers of any Sope whatsoever, and by gauging or weighing of the Sope, or otherwise, as to such Officer shall seem most proper and convenient, to take an Account of the just Quantity of the Sope which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Sope, from time to time; and shall thereof make Return or Report in Writing to the respective Commissioners for the said Duties oil Sope, or such as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded) of such Report in Writing under his Hand, with or for such Maker or Makers of Sope respectively; such Report or Return of the said Officer or Officers shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Sope respectively; and if the Officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Report in Writing with or for such Maker or Makers of Sope at the Time of taking such Account, upon Demand, as aforesaid, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Maker and Makers of Sope respectively.

XIII. Provided always, That every Officer who shall be empowered to make such Charge, as aforesaid, shall in the first Place be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office; and the Oath in that ee half shall and may be administered by all or any the Commissioners of the said Duties on Scpe, or by any cf

Makers to keep her Majesty's justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officers a Certificate thereof; and all and every just Weights, on such Maker or Makers of Scpe respectively, are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Forfeiture cf id. Weights at the Place or Places where he, she, or they do make such Sope, and permit and assist the Officer to make Use thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be forfeited and lost for not keeping such Seales and Weights, or for not permitting and assisting the Officer to use the same, as aforesaid.

XIV. And the better to prevent any Frauds and Concealments, whereby her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, may be injured or deprived of the Duties upon Sope granted by this Act; it is hereby likewise en

osicers to take acted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties upon an Account of Sope, shall also be permitted to take an Account by gauging, weighing, or otherwise, of the Quan oft Ianew, titles of Oil, Tallow, pot ashes, Lime, and other Materials proper to be made into Sope, that shall be in lhais he Custody or Possession of any Maker of Sope, during the Continuance of the said Duties hereby granted;

and

Entries to be made at the next Market Town,

Persons in London, &c. to clear eft' the Duties in four Wctks, in 2/iy other Farts in six Weeks,

on Forfeiture cf double Duty, C

Officers may enter sope makers Koufes at all Times, to take an Account of the Sope*

and make a Return thereof to the comrr.iffio nersj !ea\inga Copy with the jvlalcer, on Penalty of 40 s.

Officers to be sworn.

A.D. 1711. Anno decima Annm Regina;. C i 9. 537

and incase such Officer or Officers hall miss any Quantity or Quantities of such. Oil, Tallow, potash other Materials aforesaid, which he had taken an Account of at the last Time he was at such Makers of Sope, and flaall not, upon reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what is become of such Oil, Tallow, and other Materials so missing, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Maker of Sope with such Quantity of Sope, as such Oil, Tallow, and Materials so missing, in his Judgement would reasonable have made, not exceeding fourteen Gallons of such Ingredients mixed or unmixed (besides the Lees) for every Barrel of Sope consisting of two hundred and fifty six Pounds Weight Averdupois, and foin Proportion for a greater or lesser Quantity.

XV. And be it enacted, That if any Maker or Makers of Sope hall obstruct or hinder any of the said Obstruaing of Officers in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this Act, for the ascer fi "r'forfats taining and securing the said Duties upon Sope, the Person or Persons offending therein, hall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Sope, after the said tenth Day of Makers not to June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Sope, hall remove Sope (under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Offence) remove, carry, or send away, or "., thoutdueno' buffer to be removed, carried, or sent away any Sope by him, her, or them, made, of which no Account officer

hall have been first taken by the proper Officer, for the said Duties, from the Place where the same Sope ofioi)

hall have been made, without giving to the proper Officer or Officers, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, twenty-four Hours Notice at the leafty and to the proper Officer or officers in other Parts of Great Britain, two Days Notice at the least, of his, her, or their Intentions to remove, carry, or send away the same, that so the said Officer (without his own wilful Neglect or Default) may have Time to gauge, weigh, or otherwise take an Account thereof.

XVII. And for the better ascertaining the said Duties upon Sope, Be it further enacted by the Autho Sope not fur

lity aforesaid, That all Makers of Sope, shall, from time to time, keep all the Sope by them to be made, veyed, to tekept and which shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the said Officers for the said Duties Paia

on Sope, separate and apart from all other their Sope which flail have been surveyed and taken an Account 5

of by such Officers, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after the making thereof, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or for the Space of two Days after the making such Sope in any other Part of Great Britain, unless such Sope hall have been sooner surveyed, and taken an Account of by the said Officers respectively, on Pain to forfeit for every such Offence therein the Sum of five Pounds.

XVIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Makers of Sope hall fraudulently hide or Sope concealed,

conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Sope chargeable by this Act, or any of the Materials for ma forfelts diking the same, to the Intent to deceive her Majesty of the just Duties by this Act granted, that then, 6*

and in every such Case, the Party so offending hall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such^'; forfeits

Offence.'.500j. C

XIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sope, Oil, Tallow, and other sope, e. found Materials for making Sope, which shall be found in any private boiling house, work house, ware boufej in priva e eou or other Place, and all private Coppers, Kettles, Furnaces, Troughs, and other Vessels, for which no En ieg house s, sc, try shall he made, or Notice given, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same, and the Value forfe, CI thereof, shall and may be seized and recovered by the said Officer or Officers for the said Duties upon Sope,

to her Majesty's Use.

XX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Sope, and all the Mate All Sope, ma rials and Utenfds for the making of Sope, in the Cuiiody of any Maker or Makers of Sope, or of any teria, 5< c person or Persons, to the Use of or in Trust for such Maker or Makers of Sope, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Sope in Arrear and owing by sope in such Maker or Makers, for any Sope made by him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their working houses or Places aforesaid; hall also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such work house or other Place, for any Offence against this Act, relating to the said Duties upon Sope; and that it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases, to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done by this Act in relation to Sope, in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

XXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Sope which any sope boilers, stoc!c!" Chandlers, or other Sellers and Dealers in Sope in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons in Trust for on !0 june>to him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, hall be possessed of or interested in, upon the said tenth Day

of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for Sale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majesty the like respective Bates, as are by this Act to be paid for the like Sorts of Sope respectively to be made or imported after the said tenth Day of June; and that all and every the said sope boilers, Chandlers, and Stock m Hand other Sellers and Dealers in Sope, and all and every other Person and Persons who, in Trust for them, any of them, orfor the Use of them, or any of them, hall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their foe^ontortei*. Custody or Possession, or in his, her, or their boiling house, work house, ware house, store house, Shop, turcof 501. Room, or other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hun ans the Sofenot dred and twelve, any Stock, Parcel, or quantity of Sope of Foreign or British Manufacture for Sale, hall, entreu> on or before the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, make a true and particular Entry thereof at the Office for the said Duties within the Limits of which they shall respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the said Sope for which no such Entry shall have been made; and within six Days after he, she, or they hall have made or ought to have made such entries, ante Duty as aforesaid, final] pay down the Duties hereby payable for such Sope, or within the said six Days hall ored^virh^n give Security to the proper Officers for paying the same Duties to her Majesty's Use within three Months g days then next ensuing; and in case the said Duties for.such Stock of Sope be paid down within the said six Days, Iol, c, nt then there hall be allowed out of the said Duty for such prompt Payment an Allowance after the Rate of fcrprompt Paj.

538

neglecting to pay, forfeits Double

Officers maven ter Shops, C

Co view Stock

Refusal to permit them, forfeits 201. Cfaodeftinely removing Stock, c forfeits 201.

Sope that hath paid the Duty may be exported on Security, C

Such Sope relanded, forfeited.

On Oath that the Duty has teen paid, and on Debenture from the customer, C Collector to re jjay the Duties',

All the Powers in i a Car. 2.

C 24.. and other f xcise A 6b, to ie in force fur managing these Duties,

C 19. Anno cfecimo anne Reginae. A.D. iyif.

ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Time of three Months; and that all and every such Sope -- boilers, and other Sellers and Dealers in Sope, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment, or to give such Security for Payment of the said Duties for his, her, or their said Stock of Sope, within the Time by this Act limited for that purpose, shall forfeit double the Sum of the said Duty which should have been so paid or secured by him, her, or them, as aforesaid; that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officers for the said Duties respectively to take a true and particular Account of all such stock or Quantities of Sope as any sope boilers, Chandlers, or other Sellers and Dealers in Sope, or any in Trust for them, shall, on the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, have or be possessed of; and for that Purpose shall be permitted, in the daytime, to enter into any Shop, ware house, boil ing house, or any dwelling hgufe, out house, or other Places belonging to such sope boilers, Chandlers, and other Sellers and Dealers in Sope, and every of them, who are hereby required to permit such Officer and Officers, upon his or their Request, to make such Entrance on the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty last mentioned shall be paid or secured, and to take an Account of the Quantity of such Sope, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons, having on the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or their Custody orroffession, any Stock or Quantity of Sope chargeable by this Act with the said Duties for Stock, as aforesaid, shall clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away the same, or any Part thereof, before her Majesty's Duties thereupon shall be paid or secured, as aforesaid, or shall fraudulently conceal or hide any Part of his, her, or their said Stock of Sope, that then, and in every such Case, he, she, or they so offending, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in all and every such Case and Cases the Stock or Quantity of Sope, which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall he forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of the said Officers for the said Duties on Sope; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody such Stock of Sope shall be found, who shall not, before the Discovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office for the said Duties on Sope of the Stock or Quantity of Sope foin his, her, or their Custody, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of five Shillings for every Pound Weight.

XXII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall have actually paid her Majesty's Duties by this Act payable for any Quantities of Sope whatsoever, and to and for any other Person or Persons, who shall buy, or be lawfully intituled to any such Quantity of Sope from the said Person or Persons who actually paid her Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Sope for any Foreign Parts, by way of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantities of Sope which hall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped and exported, and that the same or any Part thereof, shall not be re landed or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain, which Security the Customer or Collector of the respective Port for such Exportation, is hereby directed and authorised to take in her Majesty's Name, and to her Use.

XXIII. Provided always, That if after the Shipping any such Sope to be exported, as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring such Security, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback herein after mentioned, the Sope so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be re landed in any Part of Great Britain, that then and in every such Case (over and above the Penalty of the Bond which shall be levied and recovered to her Majesty's Use) all the Sope which shall be landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

XXIV. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall export any Sope to any Foreign Parts, shall or may make Proof, upon Oath, or by such Affirmation respectively, as aforesaid, the Duty of such Sope hath been paid or secured, according to this Act (which Oath or affirmation the Collector who received the said Duty is hereby required and impov/ered ro administer) and thereupon the said Customer or Collector of the said Port of Exportation, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture; expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of the Sope so exported; and the Exportation thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties, upon Sope in such County or Place where the said Sope was exported, (upon producing the said Debenture so certified to him) shall forthwith pay the Duties which shall have been received upon this Act for the Sope so exported to the Persons or Agents so exporting the same; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners for the said Duties of Sope are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said Debenture out of any Duties upon. Sope arising by this Actor if the Duty of such Sope so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the Securities for the same; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which, in and by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force relating to her Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled or established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them, (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or rrovisions are made and prescribed by this Act)' shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Sope hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully and effectually to all Intents and pur jpfes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities. Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures,

4. Clauses

A.D. 17 11. Anno decimo A n n & Regime. C 19. 539

Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, All Fines, C in relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Sope, shall be sued for, levied and recovered, or to be sued for as mitigated, by such Ways, jvieans, and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or may be reco Laws ot vered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in

any of her Majesty's Courts of p.ecord at Westmnjhr, or in the Court of seition, Court of justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture, (except the said Penalty of forty Shillings on the Officer) ball be to her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

XXVII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons asihall Commissionert be, in pursuance of this Act, appointed Commissioners for the Duties on Sope to be made in England, f^th^rama Walts, or Benv uk upon Tweed, shall and may have and exercise the same or like Jurisdiction, Power, and yourirdfaion m"*Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order, in all Cases and Matters relating to the said of Duties on Sope arihng within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and of Excise. other Lkjuors, may or lawfully can exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order in the like Cases or

Matters in relation to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in force.

XXVIII. And whereas it may frequently happen, That stale or rotten Sope, and also the Cuttings of Allowance to be good Sope, (for which the Duties upon this Add shall first have been duly paid or charged) may be put mai e fr a-11-017 C again into the Copper or Pan to be refrdhed or made new, and the Scpe newly made from the same, or thecutunasiof* from a Mixture of the same with other Ingredients, will be chargeable with a new Duty by this act; 'gooj Scpe, pot It is therefore hereby provided and enabled, That in case such stale or rotten Sope, or Cuttings, be put into the Copper into the Copper or Pan, in the Presence of an Officer for the said Duties, to be refreshed or made new, to be refrested. as aforesaid, such Officer shall, from time to time, make an Allowance of the Duty of the stale or rot Ey 11 geo ten Sope, or Cuttings so put in, and certify every such Allowance upon his Report to be returned to the tis to be given Head Office, as aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. of theputtmgm

XXIX. And whereas Sope is more or less used in walling, scouring, or preparing the Sheeps Wool, dale Sope, C

or Lambs Wool, to be converted into the Woollen Manufactures of this Realm, and in making or finish Allowance to be ing the same Manufactures, or some of them; and it being judged reasonable to give an Ease or Incou made ofa tford.

ragement to Persons who shall be employed in the preparing, making, or finishing the said Woollen Ma at of sop "e nufactures, whether the same be for Exportation or Home Consumption It is hereby further provided 'ns

and enacted, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who, after the five and onoath, &c. twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said of the Worker, Duties upon Sope, shall employ, sper.d, and consume any Quantity or Quantities of Sope in the making of any Clpths, Serges, Kersies, Bays, Stockings, or other Manufactures of Sheeps, or Lambs Wool only, or in the finishing of the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same, or to and for his, her, or their chief Workman employed under him, her, or them, in those Works, or any of them, from time to time, to make Proof in Writing by the Affidavit of the said Person or Persons who shall so employ, spend, and consume the said Sope, or of his, her, or their chief Workman, unless lie, she, or they be a known Quaker or Quakers, and by the solemn Affirmation of such Quaker or Quakers, before the col ledtor and Supervisor of the District or Division where such Sope shall be so employed, spent, and consumed, or either of them, (who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same upon the Request of the Manufactureer, or his, her, or their chief Workman aforesaid) which said Affidavit or Affirmation shall specifie the Kinds and Quantities of the Manufactures so made, finiftied, or prepared, and the Days between which, and the Places where the same were so made, finiftied, or prepared respectively, and the Quantities and Kinds of the Sope which were actually employed, spent, and confirmed therein; and that no Allowance, by virtue of this act, was before made to such Manufacturers respectively, or for his, her, or their Benefit, of the Duties payable by this act for the Sope so specified in such Affidavit or Affirmation, or any Part thereof; and that upon the making of every such Affidavit or Affirmation, the said Collector, out of the Money in his Hands of the said Duties upon Sope by this act granted, shall pay to the said Manufacturers respectively, so much as one third Part of the Duties granted by this Act for the Sope specified in every such Affidavit or Affirmation taken by the said Collector and Supervisor jointly, or by the said Collector singly, doth amount unto, without any Delay; and in case the same were administered, the Supervisor only, then upon a Certificate thereof, made and signed by the said Supervisor (which he is hereby required to make and sign upon Demand) the said Collector shall out of any Moneys in his Hands of the said Duties on Sope, forthwith pay to the said Manufacturers respectively the said third Part of the said Duties so payable by this Act for the Sope so spent and consumed, as aforesaid; in case the Collector shall not then have Money sufficient in his Hands to satisfy such Payments, that then and in every such case the Commissioners for the said Duties on Sope, for the time being, upon a Certificate thereof from the said Collector, (who is hereby enjoined and required to make and sign such Certificate) shall forthwith cause such Payments to be made out of any Moneys arising by the said Duties on Sope, without any further Delay.

XXX. And it is hereby declared and enacted, That the' Hid Affidavits, Affirmations, and Certificates, Such Affidavit, ' touching the said Allowance to the Woollen Manufacturers aforesaid, shall and may be written or Drihtedytc. not tote upon Paper not stamped or marked, for. any the Duties charged by this or any other' act upon statnped fumped. Vellum, farchment, or Paper; and that no Fee, Gratuity, or Reward whatsoever, shall he required, de No See to be ta manded, or taken from any the said Manufacturers, for making any the Payments of the said Allowance for ken for the aj sope consumed in the Woollen Manufactures, or for making, or taking any thetaid Affidavits, Affirma C

or Certificates relating thereunto, '(except fourpence for writing every such Affidavit, Affirmation Except, At. or Certificate) upon Pain that any of the said Officers offending therein, shall for every such Offence piy

Z z z 2 treble

54^ C 19. Anno decimo Ann Reginae. A.D. 1711.

Concerning Sope treble Damages to the Party grieved, besides Full Costs of Suit, to be recovered in such Manner as any 10 ot^er penalty relating to the Duties upon Sope are by this atto be recovered.

§. nr. 3 2 ann stat' 2*9* (mode perpetual by 6 Geo. i. C 4.^ 1 Geo. 1. c. 36. 11 Geo. I. c. 30. fe. 36. & C

j.ersons for

XXXI. And for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in obtaining the Allowances last mentioned, it wearing, t for; hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall in such Affidavit or Affirmation, swear. or al edge any Matter or Thing that shall be false and untrue, with an Intent to defraud her Ma

Allowance. jesty, her Heirs or Successors, such Person or Persons offending therein shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose treble the Value of the Allowance for which such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made, to For Second Of rec0vered; r, like Manner, (to wit) one third Part thereof to the Use of the queen's Majesty, and the incilts of will s other two Thirds thereof (with Full Coffs of Suit) to the Use of the Informer or Prosecutor; if any full Perjury." Person or Persons being once convicted of any such Offence, shall again offend in the like Kind, and be thereof duly conviked in any Court of Record at Westminster, or in any the said Courts of Scotland, every such Person or Persons, for such other Offence, shall suffer as in Cases of wilful and corrupt Perjury. Duty on Paper,

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected,

C imported, and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Paper of what

for 31 Years Kind soever, and all Pastboards, Mildboards, and scale boards, and all Rooks, Prints, and Maps, 171" ^ad^pev which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the' petual by 3 Geo. four ai d twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be imported or brought into 1. C §. 1. the Kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, and Duties imposed upon or payable for the same) the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed, (that is to say)

Atlas Fine.

Arias Ordinary.

Imperial Fine,

Super Royal Fine.

Royal Fine. Medium Fine.

Demy Fine,

Demy Second.

Demy Printing.

Fine Holland Royal.

Fine Holland Second.

Blue Royal.

Painted Paper imported.

Cartridge Paper.

Elephant Fine.

Ordinary Elephant.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Atlas Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of sixteen Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Atlas Ordinary, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Imperial Fine, which shall be imported, or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of sixteen Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Super Royal Sine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of twelve Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Royal Sine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Medium Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of six Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Printing, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and eight Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Holland Royal, which shall he Imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of three Shillings and threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Holland Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a 1 greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called' or known by the Name of Blue royal, which shall be itnpoted or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Painted Paper which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Cartridge Paper, which shall be import' d or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Ra: e for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Elephant Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all' Paper usually called or known by the Name of Ordinary Elephant, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of three Shillings and threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity. 1

-'1... - Fcr

A.D. 171-1.. Anno decimo Anni Regina?. C 19. 54, 1

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Large Post, which shall be imported Fine Large Port -- or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or letter Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Fools Cap. which shall be inr Fine Fools Cap. ported or brought in, as aforesaid, two Shillings and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Second Fools Cap. which shall be imported Second fools or brought in, as aforesaid, two Shillings for. every. Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or leficr CP'

Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Bastard, or Double Copy, which shall be Dastard, or imported or brought in, as aforesaid, two Shillings for every.ream, and after that Rate, for a greater or Double Ccpy, lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Chancery double, which shall be im charcery ported or brought in, as aforesaid, two Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Double. Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by. the Name of Superfine Pet, which shall be im Superfine Pon. ported or brought in, as aforesaid, two Shillings for every. Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Icflei Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by. the Name of Second Fine Pot, which shall' be imported Second Sins or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Pot.

Idler Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Royal, which Frail be im Genoa s.oye.1.. ported or.brought in, as aforesaid, three Shillings and threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually.called or known by the Name of Genoa Medium, which shall be imported Gsnoa Medium., or brought in, as aforesaid. Shillings and LIX Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater, or.lefi er Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Demy Fine, which. shall be im Genoa Demy ported or brought in, as aforesaid, 'two Shillings for every. Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Fine, lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Demy Second, which shall' be im Genoa Demy, ported or brought in, as aforesaid, after the Rate of one Shilling and sixpence for every Ream, and after Secontl> that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Crown Fine, which shall be im Genoa Croivtn ported cr brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling and six pence.for every Ream, and after that Rate for a Fine, greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by. the Name of Genoa Crown Second, which shall be im: Genoa Crown a ported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Second. Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Fools Cap Fine, which shall be Genoa fool imported or brought in, as aforesaid - Shilling and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate Cap Fine.: for. a greater or.lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Fdols Cap Second, which shall be Genoa, Fffola't imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Cap Second, lesser Quantity.

h er and upon all Paper usually called or known By the Name of German Lombard, which shall be im German Lorn

ported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser bard.

Quantity.

For ard upon ail Paper usually called or known by the Name of German Demy, which shall be imported German Demy. or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater, or lesser Quantity.

For r.nd upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of German Craven, which shall be im German Crown, -,

ported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser

Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of German Fools Cap. which shall be im German Fool ported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Cap.

Quantity.

For and upon all Pastboards, Mildboards, and Sealeboards, which shall be imported or brought in, as Dartboard, ' aforesaid, five Shillings for every Hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity. Scaleboard, art.'.

And for and upon all other Paper, White or Brown, or of any other Colour or Kind what (never, which ]n Part repealed shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, ("not being particularly charged in this Ais) a Duty after they, ^, Rate of twenty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same, and after that LI other Paper Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity. ?.o 1. percent.

ad Valorem.

XXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That there shall Be answered and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and,

successc rs, for and upon all Books, Prints, and Maps, printed or wrought off in any Parts beyond the bak p, !ntsi Seas, which, at any Time or Times within or during the Term last mentioned, shall be imported or brought, ted?

bound or unbound, into Great Britain, (over and above the prefect Duties thereupon) a Duty after the cent. ad yak.*Rate of thirty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same, and after that re m.

Rate for greater or lesser Quantities; Which said Duties for and upon the said several Sorts of Paper, and in Part repealed j

3 4-

C 19.

Anno decimo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 1711.

by 12 Anna?,

statra. C 5.

Value of Paper, Books, chow to be^seer tained.

'duty on Paper, C to be paid on entry,

landed before 'Entry, cf forfeited.

show these Duties shall be rai Jfetio

These Duties to 'be managed by. the Commif iior.ers of the 'cuiloros,

Demy Fine;

demy Second.

Crown Fine.

Crown Second,

the said Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, and the said Books, Prints, and Maps to be imported, as aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Importers thereof, from time to time.

XXXIV. And it is hereby declared, That the Values of such of the said Paper, and of the said Books,

Prints, and Maps, as are to pay the said Duties ad Valorem, shall, in all Cases, be taken to be so much as such imported Kinds are really worth, to be soldat the Port of Importation, without any Abatement for the Duties thereupon charged by this or any former Acts; and that the respective Customer, Collector, Comptroller, or other Person or Persons, Officer or Officers of the Customs, for the time being, shall receive and levy the same Duties repayable ad Valorem, upon the Oath of the Merchant or Importer accordingly: And such Oath shall and may be administered, and all other Matters done for ascertaining the said Duties of such Paper, and of such Books, Prints, and Maps so payable ad Valorem, in the same Manner and Form as are lawfully used and practised for ascertaining any Duties payable ad Valorem, upon any other Commodities imported.

XXXV. and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several Rates and Duties by this Act fetor imposed upon all or any the said Sorts of Paper, and upon all or any the said Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, and the said Books, Prints, and Maps, to be imported and brought into Great 'britain, shall, from time to time, be satisfied and paid in ready Money, upon the Entry or Entries made, and before the Landing thereof; and that in case any of the said imported Paper, or any the said Pastboards,

Mildboards, and Scaleboards, Books, Prints, or Maps, shall be landed or put on shore out of any Ship or Vessel, before due Entry be made thereof at the customhouse in the Port or Place where the same shall be

imported, and before the said Duties by this Act charged or chargeable thereupon, shall be duly paid, or without a Warrant for the Landing or Delivering the same, first signed by the Commissioners, Collectors, or other proper Officer or Officers of the Customs respectively, That all such Paper, and all the said past boards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, Books, Prints, and Maps, as shall be so landed or put on shore, or taken out of any Ship or Vessel, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, or the Value of the same, shall be 'forfeited, and shall and may be seized and recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof, to wit, one Moiety of the same to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety of the same to the Use of such Person or Persons as will seize, inform, or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, in any her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, for any such Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, or in her Majesty's Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland, for any such Offences committed in Scotland, by Action, Bill, Suit, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law shall be allowed.

XXXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon the said imported Paper and Boards, and upon the said imported Books, Prints, and Maps, during the Continuance thereof, shall be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered, and answered, for the uses and Purposes in this Act expressed, by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the present Duties upon such Paper, Boards, or such Books, Prints, or Maps respectively, or any of them, are by any Law or Statute now in Force, to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered and answered, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

XXXVII. And be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon the said Paper and Boards, and upon the said Books, Prints, and Maps, as shall arise in England, Wales, and the Town of Bervoick upon Tweed, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in England, for the time being; and such of the Duties imposed by this Act upon imported Paper and Boards, or such Books, Prints, or Maps, as aforesaid, as shall arise in Scotland, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in Scotland, for the time being; and that the respective Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland, for the time being, shall, from time to time, pay or cause to be paid, all the Moneys that they respectively shall receive of the said Duties for the said Paper and Boards, and for such Books, Prints, and Maps imported, as aforesaid, (the nfeessary Charges of raffing and accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England', distir.ftly and apart from all other Branches of the public Revenues, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the like penalties. Forfeitures and Disabilities as are to be inflicted by this Act, for diverting or misapplying any Mon y by this Act appropriated or appointed for any the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XXXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Paper of what Kind soever, and upon all Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, which shall, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be made in Great Britain, the several and respective Duties herein after mentioned, that is to say,

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Veiny Fine, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Second, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Crown Fine, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Grown Second, which shall be so

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Ann; e Reginae. C 19. 543

made in Great Britain, the Sum of nine Pence for every. Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fools Cap Fine, which hall be so made in Great Britain., the Sum of one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or leifer Quantity.

For, and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fools Cap Second, which hall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or leiter Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Pots, which hall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling for every Ream, and after that rate.for a greater or leiter Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Second Pots, which hall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Brown Large Cap. which hall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon ail Paper usually called or known by the Name of Small Ordinary Brown, which hall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of fourpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of tvhited Brown, which hall be so made ia Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Bundle, each Bundle containing forty Quires, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards', which hall be so made in Great Britain, three Shillings for every hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

And for and upon all other Paper, White or Brown, or of any other Colour or Kind whatsoever, which hall be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid (not being particularly charged in this Act) a Duty after the Rate of twelve Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantities Which, said Duties for and upon the said several Sorts of Paper, and other the Commodities last mentioned to be made in Great Britain, hall be paid by the Makers thereof respective! y.

foob.cap Fine.

Fools Cap. conj.

Fine Pots',

Second Potev.

Brown Larger Cap.

Ordinary / Brows,

Whited Biovru^.

Pastboards;

Paper not par — — changed,

XXXIX. And it is hereby enacted, That for and upon all Paper which, at any Time or Times during the pa: ntei Pater, Term last mentioned, hall be printed, painted, or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings and other Uses, there hall be answered.and paid to her Majesty (over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the printing, painting, or staining thereof) the Sum of one Penny for every. Yard square, and; after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity; to be paid by such Person or Persons, as hall print, paint, or stain the same.

XL. And be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That a Ream of Paper chargeable by a Ream tote, elis Act, whether the same be imported or made in Great Britain, hall be understood to conflft of twenty 20 Quires, of > Quires, and each Choir of four and twenty sheets; and that all Sorts of Paper of the respective Dimensions Sheets each. Value of the Paper chargeable by this asunder the respective Denominations aforesaid, with the respective Rates and Duties hereby granted, hall be charged and chargeable with the same respective Rates and Duties, although the same Denominations (by which they are now usually. known) Should be altered, or by whatsoever other Name or Names, the same or any of them, now are, or during the said Term hall or may be called or known.

XLI. And for the better ascertaining, charging, and securing the Duties by this Act set and imposed upon i all Sorts of Paper, and the said Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards made in Great Britain, and upon the said punted, painted, and stained Paper, during the Term aforesaid, according to the true Meaning this Act, and for preventing of Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid. such Commissioners or Persons as her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors. the High Treasurer of furer to appoint t Great Britain, now being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the Commissioners commii5onets*, of the Treasury, for the time being, ball, from time to time, by one or more Commission or Commissions for that Purpose appoint, hall be her Majesty's Commissioners for the Receipt and Management of the said Duties by this Act set and imposed upon all Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards and Scaleboards made within 1 Great Britain, and upon the said printed, painted, and stained Paper chargeable by this Act: Which said Who are.to ap. or the major Part of them respectively, hall and have hereby Power, by Commission under point other Of — their respective Hands and Seals, to substitute and appoint under them such 'Receivers General, Collectors, ^cers, a'c Comptrollers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as shall be requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid;. that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, and all the officers for the said Duties upon Paper, shall have out of the same such Salaries and Rewards for their respective Services in Relation to the same Duties. the said High Treasurer now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners, the Treasury for the time being, hall think reasonable to establish or allow in that Behalf; and that the The money to said respective Commissioners for the said Duties on Paper, for the time being, shall, from time to time, be pd in, ° cause all the Moneys to arise by or for the said Duties on the said. Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and ths e cb^eev Scaleboards, and for the said printed, painted, and stained Paper, to be made or wrought in Great:, Britain,: during the Term aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of managing, collecting, raising, paying, and accounting, for the same excepted) to be paid, from time to time, as the same shall arise, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, under, the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein, after exp reflect.

544

The Duty on Paper that pays ad Valorem, how to be af 'certained,

Makers of pa per, Pastboard, C before

June i7txv to give Notice of their Names and Places of Abode, ami of their work houses, &c. on Pain of 50.). By 1 Geo. 1. stat. z. C 36.

17, Officers are to take an Account of the Quantities, C of paper, before

Printing,

And of their Places of dry 5ng, &c. on Pain, of 2, 0 I

Entry to be made once in <6 Weeks upon Oath, Sic.

Penali^ 50 1,

Entries, C to be at the next Market Town.

Duty to be cleared off in f Weeks after Entry, cn Pain of double the Duty.

Officers may enter by Day or

C 19. Anno decimo Ann & Regime. A.D. 17ir.

XLII. And it is hereby enacted and declared, That the Values of such of the said Paper made in Great Britain as is to pay Duty ad Valorem, as aforesaid, shall in all Cases be taken to be so much as such Pa, per shall be worth to be sold (so soon as the same is perfectly made, from time to time) at the next Market Town, without Respect to the Duty hereby charged thereupon; and that the Collector for the time ibeing shall receive the said Duties payable ad Valorem for such Paper accordingly, upon the Oath of the Maker or Makers of such Paper, or of his or their Chief Workman or Servant employed in making the lame, according to the best of their Knowledge or Belief, unless such Maker, Workman, or Servant, be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Workman, or Servant, ro the same Effect, in case he or she be a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; which Oaths and Affirmations to ascertain the Value of such Paper so to be charged, shall and may be administred by the proper Collector or Supervisor of the District or Division within which such Maker of Paper doth inhabit, without any Fee or Charge for the same.

XLIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who, on or before the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall make any Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, or shall print, paint, or stain any Paper in Great Britain, as. aforesaid, for Sale, or not for Sale, shall, on or before the said four and twentieth of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, give or leave Notice in Writing at the Office for the said Duties on Paper next to the Place where such Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, anti scale board shall be made, or where such Paper shall be made, printed, painted, or stained, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Place or Places where every such Person or Persons do usually make or print, paint, or stain any such Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard; and that all and every such Maker or Makers, as often as he, she, or they shall change their Places of making, printing, painting, or staining of Paper, or making of Pastboards, Mildboards, and Sealeboards, and all and every Person and Persons who shall at any Time or Times hereafter, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Paper, be a Maker or Makers of Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard or Scaleboard, or ftnll print, paint, or stain any. Paper as aforesaid, shall give or leave the like Notice of their respective Names and place's of Abode, and the Places where th y shall respectively make, or intend to make any such Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, or to print, paint, or 'stain any such Paper, as aforesaid, before they respectively do presume to make, print, paint, or stain the same, in any such new or other Place or Places, to the end the said commissioners, or other Officers for the said Duties on Paper, may, from time to time, have due Knowledge of all the Places where such Goods shall be made or wrought, and be the better enabled to secure the Duties hereby granted thereupon; and if any such Person or Persons who shall make, print, paint, or stain any Paper, or make any Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, for which a Duty ought to be paid by this Act, shall neglect to give or leave such Notice, as aforesaid, he, she, or they, shall. cveiy such Offence, forfeit the Sum of thirty Pounds.

XLIV. And the better to prevent any Frauds or Concealments, whereby her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, may be injured or deprived of his, her or their dues; be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person whatsoever, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Paper, shall use any Place for drying the same, or making it fit for Use, other than such common Place or Places whereof he, she - they shall first have given or left Notice in Writing at the proper Office for the same Duties, to be the Place or Places for his, her, or their drying or finishing the same, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XLV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Paper, all and every Person and Persons who shall make any Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard in Great Britain, or print, paint, or stain any Paper, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, shall, once in every fixweeks, make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties upon Paper, of all the Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and scaledoards by hi; r., her, or them severally made fit for Use, within such six Weeks respectively; which Entries shall contain the just Kinds and Quantities thereof, on Pain to forfeit, on every Neglect of such Entry, the Sum of fifty Pounds: Which Entries shall be made upon Oath, or upon an Affirmation, as aforesaid, to be respectively taken and administered as this Act prescribes, in Cases where the Value of any unrated Paper is to be ascertained, as aforesaid, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

XLVI. Provided always, That no Person who shall make, print, paint, or stain any Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, orscalebonrd, shall be obliged to go or send farther than the Market Town, where his or her Paper is made, printed, painted, or stained, or such Boards are made, or the next Market Town to the Place of making, printing, priming, or staining the same respectively, for the making of such Oaths, Affirmations, or Entries, as aforesaid.

XLVII. And be it further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall make any Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard in Great Britain, or print, paint, or stain any Paper in Great Britain, mall, from time to rhyme, within fixweeks after lie, she, or they shall make or ought to have made such Entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duti s for all such Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, orscai; board, as shall by or for them respectively be made, and for all such Paper as shall by them respectively be printed, painted, or stained, so as to be fit for Use or Sale, upon Pain of forfeiting for every such Offence double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall be so refused or neglected; and that no such Person, after such Default in Payment made, shall sell, deliver, or carry out any Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, until lie hath paid and cleared off his Duty, as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of the Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard, so delivered or carried out.

XLVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of the said' Duties on Paper, shall, at all Times, by Day or by Night, and if in the Night, then in the Presence of a

Co: iff able

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Anni Reointe.

O

C 19.

545

Constable or other lawful Officer of the Peace, be permitted, upon Ins or their Request, to enter into the House, Mill, Yard, drying house, ware house, or other Place belonging to or used by any Person or Persons, who, within of during the Term of Years last mentioned, shall make any Paper, Pastboard, mild board, or Scaleboard in Great Britain, or shall print, paint, or stain any Paper for Hangings, or other Uses, as aforesaid, and to take a just Account of the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, which shall have been made, printed, painted, or stained by such Person or Persons, from time to time; and shall thereof make a Report or Return in Writing, to the respective Commissioners for the Paid Duties on Paper, or such as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy, if demanded, of such Report in Writing under his Hand, with or for the said Makers of Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, or the Persons that shall print, paint, or stain such Paper respectively; and such Report or Return of the Officer or Officers last mentioned, shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, and upon the Persons who shall print, paint, or stain Paper, as aforesaid, respectively; if the said Officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Report in Writing, at the Time of taking such Account, being demanded, as aforesaid, every such Officer for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Maker or Person respectively.

XLIX. Provided always, That every Officer, who shall be empowered to make such Charge as is last mentioned, shall, in the first Place, be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office, and the oalh in that Behalf shall and may be adtniniftred by all or any the Commissioners of the said Duties on Paper, or by any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officers a Certificate thereof.

L And for the better preventing of Frauds, it is hereby enacted, That all and every the Officers of the said Duties on Paper, final] also be permitted to take an Account of the Quantities of Rags, Cordage, and other Materials for making the said Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, chargeable by this Acts, which shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Maker, and of all Paper in the Possession of any Person using the Art of printing, painting, or staining Paper, and of their respective Proceedings in making, printing, painting, or flaming the same; and if any such Maker or oilier Person shall obstrusl or hinder any the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this Act, for ascertaining and securing the said Duties relating to Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, or the printing, painting, or staining thereof, the Offenders therein for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons who shall be a Maker or Makers of Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard, or shall print, paint, or stain any Paper chargeable by this Act, shall (under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence) remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away any Paper, by him, her, or them made, printed, painted, or stained, or any Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, by him, her, or them made, of which no Account shall have been first taken by the proper Officer, from the ware house, work house, or other Place where such Goods shall have been first put, after their being dried and fit for Use, without giving to the proper Officer two Days Notice at the leaf!, of his, her, or their Intentions to remove, carry, or send away the same, that so. the said Officer (without his own wilful Neglect or Default) may have Time to take an Account thereof.

LII. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every Person and Persons who shall be Makers of Paper, Paftbcard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, or Printers, Painters, or Stainers of any such Paper, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep all the Paper by them respectively made, printed, painted, or stained, and all the Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard by him or them respectively made, and which shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the said Officers for the said Duties thereupon, separate and apart from all other their Paper and other Commodities aforesaid, which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the said Officers, for the Space of eight and forty Hours, after the making, printing, painting, or staining thereof, unless such Paper, and other the Goods last mentioned, shall have been sooner surveyed and taken an Account of by the said Officers respectively, on Pain to forfeit for every such Offence therein, the Sum of five Pounds.

LIII. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Makers, Printers, Painters, or Stainers, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, orcaufeto be hid or concealed any Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard made, or any Paper printed, painted, or stained, chargeable by this Act, or any the Materials for making the same, to the Intent to deceive her Majesty of the just Duties by this Act granted thereupon, that then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

LIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Paper, Pastboards, Mildboards, and Scaleboards, and all Materials and Utensils for making them, or any of them, or printing, painting, or staining such Paper, as aforesaid, which shall be found in any private ware house, work house, drying room, or other Place for making, or keeping, or for printing, painting, or staining the same, for which no Entry shall be made, or Notice given, as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same or the Value thereof shall and maybe seized and recovered by the said Officer or Officers for the said Duties upon Paper, to her Majesty's Use.

LV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard, and all the Materials and Utensils for the making thereof, and for printing, painting, or staining such Paper, as aforesaid, in the Custody of any Maker or Makers, or of any such Printer, Painter, or Stainer of Paper, as aforesaid, or of any Person or Persons, to the Use of, or in Trust for them, or any of them, hall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard, made, or for such Paper printed, painted, or stained, as

Night Into any Mills, Yard;, C

to take Account of the Kinds of Paper, C made and Report to the Commissioners,

leaving a Copy thereof with the Maker, on Pain of 40 s.

Officers to be sworn.

Officers to take an Account of Rags, Cordage, &c. in Makers Custody, see.

No Paper Makers, &c. to remove Goods before an Account has been taken thereof by the Officer, &c. on Pain cf 20 i.

Paper Makers Sec. to keep their Goods not surveyed, separate, on Pain of 5 1.

Concealing Paper, C forfeits 201,

Paper, Pastboards, C found in private work house unenired, forfeited, or the Value.

Al! Paper?, C chargeable with the Duties in arre.tr, &c. Concerning Duties on p( fer, Pajic* board, CSV. see

546 C 19.

Anno decimo Aniu Reginae.

A.D. 1711.

farther 1?. Amu aforesaid, in Arrear and owing by such Person or Persons for any such Goods, so made, printed, painted, jhr.i. C 9- or Rained, by him, her, or them, or in his, her, or their ware houses, working houses, or Places afore -

i Geo. j. sat. 2. an(j be af subject: to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such work house or other Place, for any Offence against this act, relating to the said Duties upon such fktper, Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard; and it shall and may be lawful, in all such Cases, to levy Debts and Penalties, and life such Proceedings as may lawfully be done by this act, in Relation to Paper, in case the Tender were the true lawful Owner of the same.

C 36. Jeff 17* 11 Geo. IC. 7. 30 Gce» a C 27,

Stock in Hand, on June 1712, to pay.

Debtor or Oftende

LVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for

all Paper (whether the same he of

The same Entries Allowances, Penalties, cas for Stock on Sopc.

Paper, &c. that hath paid the Duty, may be expoited, on Security, C

Foreign or British Manufacture) and for all Paitboards, Adildboards, and Scaleboards 'which any Merchants, Stationers, whojefale Sellers, Retailers, Printers, paper makers, or other Dealers in Paper in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, shall he possessed of, and interested in upon the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord 011c thousand seven hundred and twelve, being for Sale, and for all Paper printed, painted, or Rained, as aforesaid, which shall be in the Hands of any Person or Persons for Sale, on the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majesty the like Rates as are.by this Act to be paid for the like Sorts of Paper, Pafiboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard respectively ro be made or imported, or Paper to be printed, painted, or Rained, as aforesaid, after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve; and that like Entries shall be made, and the Duties paid down, or secured to be paid within three Months, and the like Allowance shall be made for prompt Payment, and all Matters and Things shall be done and permitted to be done for ascertaining and securing the said Duties for such Stocks of Paper, and other Commodities lar mentioned, and the like Penalties and Forfeitures shall be inflicted for any Fraud, Concealment, Refusal, neglect, or other Offence relating thereunto, as are by this act provided, in Relation to the Stocks of Sope which any Dealers therein shall have upon the said tenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, or in Relation to the Duties thereof.

LVII. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall have actually paid her majery's Duties by this Act payable for any Quantity of Paper, parboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard whatsoever, made in Great Britain, or imported into the same, or for any such printed, painted, or Rained Paper, as aforesaid, and to and for any other Person or Persons who shall buy, or be lawfully intituled to any such Quantity of Paper, or any other the Goods lar mentioned, from the said Person or Persons who actually paid her Majesty's Duties for the same, to export such Paper, parboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, or printed, painted, or Rained Paper, for any Foreign Parts, by way of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the Shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantities of such Commodities which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall be shipped rnd exported; and that the same, or any Part thereof shall not be relanded or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain: Which Security the Customer or Collector of the respective Port of such Exportation, is hereby directed and authorised to take, in her majery's Name, and to her Use.

LVIII. Provided always, That if after the Shipping any such Paper, or other the Commodities last mentioned, to be exported, as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring_such Security, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback herein after mentioned, the Paper or other Commodities so shipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every Rich Case (over and above the Penalties of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to her Majesty's Use) all the Paper and Commodities which shall be so landed, or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited.

LIX. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons, who shall export any Paper, or any Pastboard, Mildboard, or Scaleboard, or any such printed, painted, or stained Paper, as aforesaid, to any Foreign Parts, shall or may make Proof upon Oath, or by such Affirmation respectively, as aforesaid, that the Duties thereof have been paid or secured, according to this act (wtfch Oath or Affirmation the Collector who received the said Duties is hereby required and empowered to administer) and thereupon the said Ctiiloiner or Collector of the said Port of Exportation, shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expiefling the true Quantities and Kinds of such Commodities so exported, and the Exportation thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties upon Paper in such County or Place where the same were exported (upon producing the said Debenture so certified to him) shall forthwith pay the Duties which shall have been received upon this Act, for the Paper, Pastboard, Mildboard and Scaleboard so exported, to the Persons or Agents so exporting the same; and if such Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the said respective commissioner for the said Duties of Paper, are hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said Debenture out of any Duties upon Paper arising by this Act; or if the Duty of such Commodities aforesaid so exported, were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged, upon the Security for the same; anything in this act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth C z.y. ant) other Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking avaay the Court of Wards and Excise Acts, to Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in force, relating to her Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, are provided and established for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties hereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties and Provisions are made and prescribed by this act) shall be practised, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Paper, and other the Commodities last mentioned hereby granted,

during

Paper, C relanded, forfeited, or the Value,

On Oath that the Dmty L as teen paid or fecund, and cn Debenture from the cu itomer, S C

r to repay the Duties.

All the Powers in 12 Car. a

be in Force for managing these Duties.

A.D. 171 t. Anno decimo Annm Reginae. C 19. 547

during the Continuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Di reftions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, were particularly repeated in this present Act.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, AH Fines, C in Relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Paper, and upon printed, painted, and stained Pa to be filed for per, and upon Pastboard, Mildboard, and Scaleboard, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, "2' Laws by such Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered or mitigated by XCIC' any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer of Scotland respectively, as aforesaid; that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture (the said Penalty on the Officer for not giving or leaving a Copy of his Charge, as aforesaid, only excepted) shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

LXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Persons as, in pursuance of this Act, shall of be Commissioners for the said Duties on the several Sorts of Paper, and other the Commodities last men forihefe Duties tioned, to be made, printed, painted, or Rained in England, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, to have the shall have the same Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, and order, lame jurisdifli in all Cases and Matters relating to the same Duties arising within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners' '

Excise upon Beer, and other Liquors, may or can lawfully exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or cjje> order in the like Cases or Matters, in Relation to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in Force.

LXIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement of Books printed Learning, so much Money as shall, from time to time, be paid for the Duties granted by this Act, for any 2t 0ffa)d or Quantities of Paper, which, during the Continuance of the said Duties, shall be used in the Printing any ng^e'" Books in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, within the two Universities of Oxford and Oriental or Nor camlridge, or either of them, by Permission of the Vice Chancellors of the same respectively, shall and may the Langur be drawn back artd repaid in Manner following; that is to say, The chief Manager of the Press in each of to have a

the said Universities, shall and may, from time to time, make Proof by Oath in Writing before the vice-chancellor (who is hereby empowered to administer the same) expressing therein the Kinds and Quantities of pa the Paper soused, and how much the Duties thereof, payable by this Act, doth amount to; which said Oath in Writing being certified by the said vice-chancellor, and produced to the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, the said Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall forthwith, from time to time, issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners, who by this Act are to manage the Duties upon Paper, to cause Payment to be made of so much Money, as the Duties payable by this Act for the Paper soused in the Printing of the said Books in the said Universities, as aforesaid, shall amount to, the same Payment to be made (without See or Charge whatsoever, and without Delay) to such Person or Persons as the said respective Vice chancellors shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the Duties upon Paper arising by this Act; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIV. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the Encouragement of And in the Learning, so much as shall, from time to time, be paid for the Duties granted by this Act, for any Quanti Universities of ties of Paper, which, during the Continuance of the said Duties, shall be used in the Printing any Books Scotland, in the Latin, Greek, Oriental, or Northern Languages, which within the Universities of Scotland, or any of them, by Permission of the Principal of the same respectively, shall and may be drawn back and repaid in Manner following; that is to say. The chief Manager of the Press in the said Universities shall and may, from time to time, make Proof by Oath in Writing before the Principal (who is hereby empowered to administer the same) expressing therein the Kinds and Quantities of the Paper soused, and how much the Duty thereof payable by this Act doth amount to; which Oath in Writing being certified by the said Principal, and produced, the Lord Treasurer Of Great Britain, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall forthwith, from time to time, issue his or their Orders or Warrants to the respective Commissioners, who by this Act are to manage the Duties upon Paper, to cause Payment to be made of so much Moneys as the Duties soused in the Printing of the said Books in the said Universities of Scotland shall amount to; the same Payments to be made without any Fee or Charge whatsoever, and without Delay, to such Person or Persons as the said respective Principals shall authorise and appoint to receive the same, out of any of the Duties upon Paper arising by this Act in Scotland; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

Provided always, and it is hereby declared, That Pastboard made in Great Britain, of Paper Pafiboard which shall have paid the Duties charged and chargeable by this Act, shall not be charged with any fur made of Paper there or otherduties by virtue of this Act, upon the pafeing or annexing together the Sheets of such Paper, that has paid the and its receiving thereby the Denomination of Pastboard or passed Paper. D "ty "

LXVI. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected C e' and paid to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all chequered and striped Bunted Lmens Linens, and upon all Linens printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or pr Cent? Yarn before the Manufacture, in any Foreign Parts, which at anytime or times, within or during the Term ad valorem of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, from 20 July shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and may lawfully be used or worn there ylj> so (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, and Duties imposed upon or payable for the same) a Duty jj^ined h after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof to be z.

paid by the Importers respectively. C i9.

Made perpetual by 3 Geo. 2. c. 7, §. 1,

4 A 3

54-3 C 19.

Anno decimo Ann'h Reginas, A.D. 1713.

These reties

LXVII. And it is hereby enacted, th.it the aid Duty upon such imported Linens chargeable by this A CL how to be raa ball, from time to time, be managed, ascertained, paid, Secured, raised, levied, and brought into the ex n3ge'chequer, in the same Manner and Vorm, and by such Rules, Ways, Means, and Methods, and under such

Conferring LI Penalties and Forfeitures, as the abovesaid Duties upon imported Paper are by this Act to be managed, af ann certa>rle<d, paid, secured, raised, levied, and brought in, as aforesaid; that all the Provisions, Penalties, jtt. z.v.g, t9 Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, contained in this Act, for managing, ascertaining, paying, fe & 21.- 3 Geo. 1. curing, raising, levying, and bringing in the said Duties upon Paper imported, or any of them, shall be fiat. 2. C 36. applied, practised, and put in Execution, for managing, ascertaining, paying, raising, securing, levying, 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. inc] bringing in the said Duties upon the Importation of such Linen, as aforesaid, as fully and ciicdlually as 18 cqeo 2 o 24 the ^ame were again repeated in this present Act.

£>36. Geo. 2. c. 46. 29 gco. 2. C 15. 32 2. f. 32,

After Duty paid, printed Linens impoited, to be damped.

Duty on Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed in Great Britain from July 1712, for 32 Years. maje perpetual by 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. §. I.

LXVIII. And moreover it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Duties hereby granted upon the said chequered, flriped, printed, painted, Rained, and dyed Linens imported, as aforesaid, from time to time, shall be paid to her Majesty's Ipse, the respective Commissioners, Officer and Officers of the Customs of the Port or Place where the same hall be imported, shall cause every Piece and Parcel thereof to be marked or {lamped with a dirindl Seal or Mark, to be provided and used as this Act diredis, to denote the Payment of the Duties for the same.

LXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, of what Kind soever, which, at any time or times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, hall be printed, Rained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, (such Calicoes, Linens, and furians, as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greater Part in Value shall be Woollen, always excepted] the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed (over and above the Duties payable upon the Importation of them or any of them] that is to say,

Silks.

Silk Handkerchiefs.

Calicoes.

Linen and Stuffs.

For and upon all Silks so printed, Rained, or painted in Great Britain (Silk Handkerchiefs excepted] the Sum of sixpence for every Yard in Length, reckoning half a Yard for the Breadth.

And for all Silk Handkerchiefs so printed, Rained, or painted in Great Britain, the Sum of threepence for every Yard square, and in those Proportions for wider or narrower Silks.

For and upon all Calicoes to be so printed, Rained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, (except as aforesaid] the Sum of threepence for every Yard in Length, reckoning one Yard wide, and after that Proportion.

And for and upon all Linen and Stuffs (except before excepted ] to be printed, Rained, painted, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, within or during the Term lar mentioned, the Sum of three halfpence for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Her Majesty or Lord Treasurer to appoint Comit; i/tioners.

Who are to substitute inferior Officers.

Callico Printers before 20 July 1712. to give Notice to the proper Officer of their Names and Places of Abode, C

LXX. And for the better ascertaining, charging, and securing the said Duties by this al set and imposed upon all Silks, Calicoes, Linen, and Stuffs, (except before excepted] which mail be printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, within or during the Term lar mentioned, and for preventing of Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such commissioner or Persons as her majery, her Heirs or Successors, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain now being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall, from time to time, by one or more Commission or Commissions for that Purpose appoint, shall be her majery: s Commissioners for the Receipt and Management of the said Duties set and imposed upon all such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, Rained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, as are chargeable by this Act; which said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall and have hereby Sower, by Commission under their respective Hands and Seals, to fubritute and appoint under them such Receivers General, Collectors, Comptrollers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as shall be requisite and necessary for the Purposes aforesaid; that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, and all the Officers for the Duties lar mentioned, shall have out of the same, such Salaries and Rewards for their respective Services in relation to the same Duties, as the said High Treasurer now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, hall think reasonable to erablish or allow in that Behalf; and that the said respective Commissioners for the said Duties lar mentioned, for the time being, shall, from time to time, cause all the Moneys to arise by or for the same Duties, during the Continuance thereof (the necessary Charges of managing, collecting, raising, paying, and accounting for these Duties excepted] to be also paid, from time to time, as the same' hall arise, into the Receipt of her majery's Exchequer in England, under the Penalties and Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein after expressed.

LXXI. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who, on or before the twentieth Day of July in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred' and twelve, hall print, lain, paint, or dye any of the said Goods, so that a Duty shall be payable by this Act upon the printing, flaming, painting, or dying the same, as aforesaid, hall, on or before the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, give or leave Notice in Writing, at the next Office for the same Duties, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Place or Places where every such Person or Persons do usually print, paint, Rain, or dye, as aforesaid, any such Silks, Linens, Calicoes, or Stuffs, or dry the same; and that all and every such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, as often as he, he, or they ball change their Places of printing, painting, Raining, or dying any the said Goods, or for drying the same; and all and every Person and Persons who shall, at any Time or Times

during

549

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Anni: Regina;. C 19.

during the Continuance of this Act, be a Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer of any such Silks, Calicoes,

Linens, or Stuffs, or shall print, paint, tain, or dye any such Goods, as aforesaid, hall give or leave the

like Notice of their respective Names, and their Places of Abode, and the Rooms and Places where they

(hull respectively work, or intend to work in such printing, painting, staining, or dying, and the Places

where they respectively shall] dry or intend to dry any such Goods, as aforesaid, before they respectively do

presume to work in any such new or other Place or Places, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of thirty Pounds on Fmfeiture

for every Neglect or Default, by not giving such Notice, as aforesaid. of 30 I.

LXXII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said Such Printers to twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of this Act, all make Entries, and every Person and Persons who shall print, paint, lain, or dye in Great Britain, as aforesaid, any vor.

Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, upon the printing, painting, staining, or dying whereof a Duty is fciture of 50l°.r chargeable by this Act, hall once in every six Weeks make a true Entry in Writing at the next Office for 0.

the same Duties, of all such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs so by him, her, or them severally printed, painted, stained, or dyed within every such six Weeks respectively; which Entries shall contain the just Kinds and Quantities thereof: And if such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer be not the true Owner of such Goods or any of them, so printed, painted, stained, or dyed, then, and in every such Case, he, he, or they, in every such Entry, hall specifie the Names and Places of Abode of the Persons who are the Owners thereof, or for whole Account they respectively do print, paint, lain, or dye the same, on pain to forfeit for every Neglect of such Entry, the Sum of fifty Pounds; which Entry shall be made upon the Oath of the Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, or of his, her, or their chief Workman employed, to the best of their Knowledge or Belief, unless he, she, or they be a known Quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of a known Quaker, to the same Effebl, shall be taken instead of such Oath; and the said Oaths and Affirmations to veririe such Entries, shall and may be administered by the proper Coliebtor or supervisor of the Distribl or Division within which such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, doth inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

LXXIII. Provided always, That no Person for the making such Entries, Oaths, or Affirmations as are Entries, &c. t last mentioned, shall be obliged to go or send further than the Market Town where his or her Silks, Cal be m^eadlhe licoes, Linen, or Stuffs are printed, painted, stained, or dyed, or the next Market Town to the Place of - 31 CC -

printing, painting, staining, or dying the same.

lxxtv. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons printers of silk, who hall print, paint, lain, or dye, as aforesaid, any Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or such Stuffs, as afore c. once in 6 said in Great Britain, hall, from time to time, within six Weeks after he, she, or they hall make, or 'Weeki; to dear ought to have made such Entry, as aforesaid, clear of all the said Duties which shall be then due or re ^porfdture^fi main unpaid, for all such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, as filial have been printed, painted, stained, <; oubic Duty or dyed by him, her, or them respectively, as aforesaid, upon Pain of forfeiting for every Default therein double the Sum of the same Duties whereof the Payment hall be so neglected; and that no such Person, after such Default in Payment made, shall deliver or carry out, or cause to be delivered or carried out, any such printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods, until he hath paid and cleared off his Duty, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of the Goods, so delivered or carried out.

LXXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers of the officers mayen. said Duties on the said printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods, shall at all Times, by Day or by Night, ter such Print and if in the Night, then in the Presence of a constable, or other lawful Officer of the Peace, be per '^tmies^co6 milted, upon his or their Request, to enter into the House, work house, drying place, warehouse Account o Field, or other Place belonging to, or used by any Person or Persons who, within or during the Term of silks, t. Years last mentioned, shall print, paint, lain, or dye any Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs (except before excepted) and to take a just Account of the Kinds and Quantities thereof, which shall have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, by such Person or Persons, from time to time, and shall thereof make a Report or Return in Writing to the rei peblive Commissioners for the Duties last mentioned, or such as they respectively shall appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded) of such Report in and make Re writing, under his Hand, with or for the said Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer respectively; and such p«rt tociiccom report or Return shall be a Charge upon every such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer respectively; and wfth"

if the said Officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Report at the Time of taking the "printer, on such Account, being demanded as aforesaid, every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit the Pain of 40 s. Sum of forty Shillings to every such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer respectively.

LXXVL. Provided always, That every Officer, who hall be empowered to make fi; ch Charge as is Officers to be last mentioned, shall in the first Place be sworn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office; and' hvo.n. the Oath in that Behalf shall and may be administered by all or any the Commissioners for the Duties last mentioned, or by any of her Majesty's Justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officer a Certificate, thereof.

LXXVII. And for the better Prevention of Frauds, be it further enacted, That all and every the Officers officers to take' of the said Duties on such printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods, as aforesaid, shall also be permitted to an Account of take an Account of the Quantities of Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, which shall, at any 7'itne or C Q cf(r s" & ESTIMES, be in the Custody or Possession cf any Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, to be printed, painted, ie, J

stained, or dyed; and in case such Officer or Officers shall miss any Quantity or Quantities of such Silk, Hands. Calicoes, Linen, or Stuffs, whereof he had taken an Account at his lall Survey, and shall not upon reasonable Demand receive Satisfaction what is become of the same, then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for such Officer to charge such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, with the Duties of such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs so missing, as if the same were printed, painted, stained, or dyed.

LXXVIII. And)

55°

Ob Articling Officer to forfeit so I.

Printers not to re move the Silk, C till Officer has taken Account thereof, or before maiking, on Forfeiture of

2 qi. C

See 5 Geo. t. C II §. 15.

Receipts gratis.

Silk not survey ej, to be kept separate on Pain of 5 r.

Such Silks concealed forfeit zoic.

utengls, fire, for printing Silks, fire, chargeable with the Duties in Arrear.

Stock in Hand on 20 July to pjy one Half Part of the Duty,

A Particular of Stock in Hand to be given in upon Oath, fire.

oibcers may enter any Shops,

3. 1 9. Anno decimo Anna. Reginae. A.D. 1711

lxxvrii. And be it enacted, that if any Person or Persons, who shall print, paint, stain, or dye any the Goods aforesaid, shall obstruct or hinder any the said Officers in the Execution of the Powers given by this Act, for ascertaining and securing the Duties thereupon, the Offenders therein, for every such Offence, shall forfeirthe Sum of twenty Pounds.

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons, who hall print, paint, fiain, or dye, any Silks, Collicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, chargeable with the said Duties by this Add, shall remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried, or sent away, any the Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, by him, her, or them printed, painted, drained, or dyed respectively, until such Time as the proper Officer shall have taken an Account of every particular Quantity of such Goods so to be carried away, and until every particular Piece and Parcel, or Remnant of such Goods, be duly marked with a Stamp or Seal, denoting the charging of the Duty, as this Acts directs, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and that all the printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks, Calicoes, Linen, and Stuffs, so carried away, without being marked with a Stamp or Seal, denoting the charging of the said Duties, and being found in the Possession of any Draper, or other Trader or Dealer therein, or any Person for the Use of such Draper, Trader, or Dealer, for Sale, shall and may be seized, or the Value thereof shall and may be recovered, to wit, one Moiety thereof for the Use of her Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Seizor, or Informer.

LXXX. And it is hereby ordained and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said Dufies for any Quantity of the said printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods, the Receiver or Collector shall give a Receipt for the same gratis.

LXXXI. And it is hereby further enacted, That all and every the said Printers, Painters, Stainers, and Dyers of the said Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and such Stuffs, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep so much of the same Goods as shall not have been fun eyed and taken an Account of by the proper Officers, separate and apart from all others of the same Kinds, which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of by such Officers, on Pain to forfeit, for every Offence therein, the Sum of five Pounds.

LXXXQ. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Printers, Painters, Stainers, or Dyers, shall fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Silk, 'Callico, Linen, or Stuffs, before or after the same are printed, painted, ffained, or dyed, with Intent to deceive her Majesty of her just Duties by this Act granted, then, and in every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; and all the Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, which shall be found in any private work house, or other Place, whereof no Notice shall have been given, as aforesaid, or the Value thereof, shall and may be seized and recovered, to wit, one Moiety thereof, to the Use of her Majesty, and the other Moiety to the Use of the Seizor, or Informer, as aforesaid.

LXXXIII. And be it enacted, That all the Utensils and Instruments for the printing, painting, staining, or dying of any such Goods, as aforesaid, in the Custody of any f such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, as aforesaid, or of any Person or Persons, to the Use of or in Trust for them, or any of them, shall be liable to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties in Arrear and owing by such Printer, Painter, Stainer, or Dyer, for any such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed by him, her, and them, or in his, her, or their woik houses or Places aforesaid; shall be also subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such work house, or other Place, for any Offence against this Act, relating to the Duties of such printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods; and it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases, to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully he done by this Act, in relation to such Goods, in case the Debtor or Off ender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

LXXXV. And whereas several Printers, Painters, Stainers, and Dyers, and also several Merchants,

Drapers, Mercers, Upholders, and other Traders and Dealers, have or may have, on the twentieth Day

of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for Sale either by Wholesale or Retail, several Stocks or Quantities of such chequered and striped Linens, and painted, stained, and dyed Linens, as aforesaid, ' which have been imported into Great Britain, and several Stocks and Quantities of such Silks, Calicoes, ' Linens, and Stuffs, as aforesaid, which have been printed, painted, stained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such Printefs, Painters, Stainers, Dyers, Drapers, Mercers, Upholders, Traders, and Dealers respectively, having on the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession,

or in the Custody or Possession of ary other Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Use, Benefit, or Account, any Stock or Quantity of such chequered or striped Linens, or of such printed, painted, stained, or dyed silks, Calicoes, Linens, or such Stuffs, as aforesaid, being for Sale either by Wholesale or by Retail, shall yield and pay to her Majesty for the same, so much Money as one Half Part of the Rates and Duties by this Act imposed on the like respective Commodities after the Commencement of this Act, shall amount unto; the said Half Part for the said Stocks, to be paid within three Months after the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

LXXXV a nd to the end the said Stocks may be known and discovered, and the said Rates for the same may be ascertained and answered; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the said Printers, Painters, Stainers, Dyers, Mercers, Drapers, Upholders, Traders, and Dealers respectively, shall deliver or cause to be delivered, on or before the said twentieth Day og futy one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to the proper Officer to be appointed in this Behalf, a Particular in Writing ligned by themselves or their Appointments, of their several Stocks before mentioned, describing the whole Quantities and Kinds thereof distinctly, as they are charged in this Act, and shall verify the said Particular by such Oath or Affirmation respectively, as aforesaid, to the best of his, her, or their Knowledge and Belief;

which Oath or Affirmation shall and may be ndminiftred by the proper Officers who shall be appointed to receive the said Particular; and the proper Officers to be appointed for charging the Duties on the said

printed

A.D.

i 711.

Anno decimo anne Regince.

C 1 9,

55i

dulraln*

10). percent, -

printed, painted, stainej, or dyed Goods, are hereby authorised and empowered to enter into any Shops, C to view Warehouses, or other Places whatsoever, where any such Stock of such Goods shall he or remain, there to Stock in Hands view the same, and to take an Account thereof; and all and every the said Person or Persons chargeable, as aforesaid, for their respective Stock of such Goods, shall be obliged, by force and virtue of this Act, if thereunto required, to permit and suffer the proper Officer and Officers to make such Entrance and View, as aforesaid; and if any Person or Persons shall refuse to permit or suffer such Officer or Officers to enter Refusal to per into their Shops, Warehouses, or other Places (being thereunto required) to view the said Stocks of the mjt'l*le"n fur quered and striped Linens, and of such printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks, Callicoes, Linens, and fats 50 Stuffs, as aforesaid, or any of them, and every Part thereof, then every such Person for every such refusal, shall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

LXXXVI. And it is hereby enacted, That the Collector upon the Receipt of any the said Duties for collector to give such Stocks of chequered, and striped Linens, and of such printed, painted, ffained, or dyed Silks, Cal receipts gratis, licoes, Linens, and Stuffs, or any of them, shall give a Receipt for the same gratis, and in case the said Duty on Stoc, C Duties for such Stocks shall not be paid on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand not paid by 29. seven hundred and twelve, or if before that Time, the same be not secured to be paid on or before the five Sept. 1712. or and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twelve (which Security the proper Offi Scored, C cers are hereby required to take by Pond in her Majesty's Name and to her Use) then such Officer or Offi offic?rm3y cers shall and may, by virtue of this act, levy such Duties for the said Stock that shall not be paid or secured, by Distress of the Goods and Chattels of the Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate liable thereunto, and for nonpayment, may sell such Distress within ten Days, tendring the Overplus (if any be) to the Owner, after Satisfaction of the Duty and Charge of the said Distress.

LXXXVI. Provided always, That if any such Person or Persons chargeable for such Stock, shall pay or cause to be paid his or their Duties for the same, within the said Space of three Months, he, she, or they Disco not for shall be allowed for such prompt Payment after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for every Prompt Pay sum so advanced. ment*

LXXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons who ought to Not giving in give such Particular of such Stock of the chequered and flriped Linens, and of such printed, painted, a Particular of ffained, and dyed Goods, as aforesaid, or any of them, shall neglect to give a Particular of the same, in Stock such Manner and Form, as aforesaid, on or before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred or omitting any and twelve, or shall wittingly or.willingly omit or leave out of the same any Part of his, her, or their said Part thereof, or Stock, to the Intent to defraud her Majesty, or shall fraudulently remove, carry away, or conceal his, her, removing Stock, or their said Stock, or any Part thereof, before her Majesty's Duty thereupon shall be paid or secured, as du*y pc aforesaid, that then, and in every such case, he, she, or they so offending, for every such offence shall col and goods! forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds; and in all and every such Case and Cases, the Stock or Quantity of such 5 Goods, for which no such Particular shall have been given, or which shall be fraudulently omitted out of the same, or which shall be 10 concealed or carried away before her Majesty's Duty hall be paid or secured, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any of her Majesty's Officers, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the Use of the Queen, and the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Seizor.

LXXXIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the Duties After thepuiv of the said Stock of chequered and striped Linens, and of such printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods,; s paid, Linens as aforesaid, or any of them, shall be paid or secured, as aforesaid, the Officer or Officers for the same Du to be stamped. ties, shall cause every Piece, Parcel, or Remnant whereof the Duty shall be so paid or secured, to be marked with such distinct Mark as this Act directs, to be provided and used to denote the paying or securing such Duty, as aforesaid.

XC. Provided always, and is hereby enacted, That no See or Reward shall be had or taken by any of No Fes for en the said Officers, from any of the said Printers, Painters, Stainers, Dyers, Mercers, Drapers, or others, tries, C for any Entries, Accounts, Receipts, or Marks, before in this act mentioned, or any of them, under the Penalty of rive Pounds to be forfeited to the Party grieved for every such Offence.

XCI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Directions, All the Powers Rules, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, which in and by an act made in the twelfth in near.z. c. Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, inticuled, An Act for taking avjay the Court of tvards £4', a" d other and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for settling a Revenue upon porc/for* his Majesty, in lieu thereof, or by any other Law now in Force relating to her Majesty's Revenue of Excise managing these upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided and established, for managing, raising, levying, collecting. Duties, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or provisionsaremr.de or prescribed by this act) shall be practised. and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties hereby granted upon the said printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks,

Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, during the Continuance of this act, as fully and effectually as if all and every the said Powers, Rules, Directions, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated in this present act.

XCII. And be further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, in relation to the said Duties by this act imposed upon any Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, as aforesaid, shall be sued for, levied, recovered, or mitigated, by t V Laws of by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture is or or may be recovered or mi fxdd. tigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at jvefindrifter, or in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively, as aforesaid; that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, and Forfeiture (not otherwise appointed by this act) shall be to her Majesty, her Pleirs and Successors, and the aether Moiety to him, her, or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

All Fine?, C to be sued for

552 C 59*

Anno decimo Annal Regina. A.D. ijn.

Commissioners for those Duties to have the same tuiifjiflion in triglan cas Commissioners of Excifo,

These Goods havingtpaid the Duty, may be exported, on Security, C

If relanded, forfeited.

On Oath that the Duty has bven paid,

and on descen tuie from the Customer, C Colleger to repay the Duties.

Commissioners of the Customs to provide Stamps for the importedlinens.

commissioners for managing the Duties o: i painted Silks, C slfo to provide Stamps.

Stamps may be altered by her Majesty Con nteiffi ting 'stamps, Felony

Selling with a C j. rfeit

forfeits t o L and pil loiy.

XCIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That such Persons as, in pursuance of this Act, shall be Commissioners for the fai I. Duties on the said Silks, c'allicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, printed, painted, itained, or dyed in England, jvalcs, and the t own of Berwick upon Tweed, shall have the same Jurisdiction, Power, and Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, and order, in all Cases and Matters relating to the same Duties arising within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and o: her Liquors, mayor can lawfully exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order in the like Cases or Matters in i elation to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in Force.

XCIV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and maybe lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who hall have actually paid her Majesty's Duties by this Act payable for any of the said imported Linens, or for any Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, to be printed, painted, ffained, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, and to and for any other Person or Persons, who hall buy, or be lawfully intituled to any such imported Linens, or any such Goods, printed, painted, famed, or dyed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, from the Person or Persons, who actually paid her Majesty's Duties payable by this Act for the same, to export any such Goods for which the Duty was so paid for any Foreign Parts, by way of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the Shipping thereof, that the particular Quantities so intended to be exported, and every Part thereof, shall be hipped and exported, and not to be relanded or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain; which Security the cu ftoiner or Collector of the Port of Exportation hall take in her Majesty's Name, and to her Use.

XCV. Provided always, That if after the Shipping of any such "Goods, and the giving or tendring such Security, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback herein after mentioned, the same, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case (over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which hall be levied and recovered to her Majesty's Use) all the said Goods, which hall be so landed, or the Value thereof, hall be forfeited.

xcvi. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons who shall export any such chequered, striped, printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods, as aforesaid, to or for any Foreign Parts, shall and may make Proof upon Oath, or by such Affirmation respectively, as aforesaid, that the Duties thereof have been paid or secured according to this Act (which Oath or Affirmation, the Customer or Collector of the Port of Exportation is hereby required and empowered to administer) and thereupon the said Custonier or Collector of the said Port of Exportation shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of the chequered and striped Linens, and of the said printed, painted, stained, and dyed Goods so exported; and the Exportation thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties upon such chequered and striped Linens, printed, painted, stained, and dyed Goods, in the County or Place where such Exportation was made (upon producing the said Debenture so certified to him) shall forthwith pay the Duties which shall have been received upon this Act for the Goods so exported, to the Persons or Agents so exporting the same; and if such Collector nail not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners for the said Duties on chequered and striped Linens, printed, painted, stained, and dyed Goods, are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid the said Debenture out of any the Duties upon chequered and striped Linens, printed, painted, stained, and dyed Goods, arising by this Act; or if the Duty of the Goods so exported were only secured, and shall remain unpaid, then the same shall be discharged upon the Security for the same; any tiling in this Act contained notwithstanding.

XCVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, that the respective Commissioners of the Customs in Great Britain, shall, on or before the twentieth Day of July one thousand feveri hundred and twelve, provide or cause to be provided such and so many Seals or Stamps with which all the said imported Linens, during the Continuance of this Act, shall be marked, upon Payment of the Duties thereof, as aforesaid, and shall cause the same to be delivered to the proper Officers of the Customs for that Purpose; that the respective Commissioners to be appointed for managing the said Duties upon Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stufis, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, shall, on or before the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, provide proper Seals or Stamps, of another Kind, for marking such of the said Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuffs, to be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, as aforesaid, during the Continuance of this Act, as are to be stamped and marked, for and in order to the charging of the respective Duties for the same, and all'o so many Seals or Stamps, of a third Kind, with which all the said Stocks or Quantities of chequered and striped Linens, and of such printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods, as aforesaid, on the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, upon paying or securing the said half Duties for the same, are to be marked or ftumped, and shall cause the said respective Seals or Stamps to be distributed to the respective Officers for the Several Purposes before mentioned; which Officers are hereby enjoined and required, in tiling the same, to do no Hurt or Damage, or the least Damage that may be, to the Goods to be so marked or stamped; the said respective Commissioners, in providing the said respective Seals or Stamps, shall take Care that they he so contrived, that the Impression thereof may be durable, and so as the same may be least liable to be forged or counterfeited; and that the said Stamps, or any of them, shall or maybe altered or renewed, from time to time, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, shall think fit; and if any Person or Persons whatsoever, shall, at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Seal to refemtle any Stamp or Seal which hall be provided or made in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or refeni ble the Impression of the same upon any of the said Commodities chargeable by this Act, thereby to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties hereby granted, then every such Person so offending, being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, hall be judged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy; and if any Person or Persons hall, at any Time or Times, during the Continuance of this Act, sell any printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or other Stuffs, as aforesaid, with a counterfeit Stamp thereupon, knowing the same to be counterfeited,

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo anne Reginae.

C9 -553

terfeited, and with an Intent to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, all and every stich Offender and Offenders, their Aiders, Abettors, and Assistants (being duly convicted, as aforesaid) 'shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, and shall be adjudged to stand in the Pillory in foirie public Place for the Space of two;

Hours,

XCVIII. And be it further enacted and ordained by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time or Commissioners Times, during the Continuance of this Acts, upon Oath made by any credible Person or Persons, that he, or Justices may she, or they have reason to suspefl or believe, that any printed, painted, stained, or dyed Silks, Calicoes, Warrants Linens, or Stuffs, as aforesaid, for which a Duty ought to have been paid or charged by this Aci, are or siiks'^a^ un shall he in the Custody or Pofi ession of any Draper, or other Person or Persons trading or dealing the rein, marked or of any Person or Persons, for the Ufc or Account of such Draper, or other Trader or Dealer, for Sale, without having thereupon such Marks or Stamps as are by this Act required, to denote the Payment or Charging of the said Duties thereupon; it shall and may be lawful to and for the Commissioners, who shall be appointed for the said Duties upon Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, or the major Part of them, within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, or any two Justices of the Peace in any other Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain, from time to time, to if Tyre their respective Warrants or Orders, thereby authorising and requiring any Officer or Officers for the same Duties (with the Assistance of a Constable, or other Officers of the Peace) in the daytime, to search for the same, and to open Doors, Chests, Trunks, and Package and to seize such Goods, and to bring them to the Office for the said Duties next to the Place where they shall he so seized, in order to a further Proceeding thereupon according to this Act; and that every such Warrant and Order shall and may be obeyed and executed accordingly.

XCIX. And for the more easy collecting the Duties, and preventing Disputes that may arise from the Calicoes within, Difference of the Breadths of Calicoes which are or shall he printed, painted, or stained; it enacted or not exceeding and declared, That all such Calicoes which are or shall be printed, painted, or stained, and which shall one Eighth of be within one Eighth Part of a Yard of Yard Broad, or not exceeding one Eighth Part of a Yard of Yard ^=rfsy^'to Broad, shall pay as Yard Broad, and no more nor less; anything in this Act to the contrary not with 3r Handing.

C And moreover be it enacted by the authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, New Stamp du and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for the several and respective les r 33 Years Things herein after mentioned, which, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two f, °1 Au Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of Augustin the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and Made perpetual twelve, shall be ingrafted, printed, or written, the several and respective Rates, Duties, Charges, and by rj Geo. " i. C Sums of Money herein after expressed, in Manner following; that is to say, 7- §

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in copies of Court grafted or written, within or during the Term last mentioned, any Surrender of or Admittance to any Coroll in England, pyhold Land or Tenement within those Parts of Great Britain called England, Wales, and the own of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Grant or Lease by Copy of Court Roll, or any other Copy of the Court Roll to

of any Honour or Manor within the same Parts of Great Britain, or any of them, (other than and except cu iom Right, the original Surrender to the Use of a Will, and the Court Roll or Book wherein the Proceedings of the and Tenant" Court are entered or enrolled) the Sum of two Shillings and threepence Sterling. Right Estates

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of pap r, upon which shall be in ^anna^stn^ grofled or written, within or during the same Term, any principal or original Instrument of Surrender, or* C 2- ft 49'Resignarion of any Messuages, Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Tithes, 1 Mills, Fishings, and ovleinal jnllr'u other Heretable Rights, or any of them, to be made to any of her Majesty's Subjects, who are or shall be mef t of surrcn_ ihe Superiors thereof, or to any City, Town, Burgh, or Corporation, or to any Magistrates or others who derof hereu have Power to receive such Surrenders or Resignations in Scotland, the Sum oftwo Shillings and threepence hie Rights in Sterling.*Scotland.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet ortiece of Paper, upon which shall be in charter or re grofled or written, within or during the same Term, any Charter or Resignation, Confirmation, Novo da signat.on, emus, or Charter upon Apprising, or Adjudication made or granted by such Superior, or others, as aforesaid, in Scotland, the Sum of two Shillings threepence Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in originalrctour, grofled or written, within or during the same Term, any principal or original Retour of any Service of Heirs, or any Precept of Clare Corijlat of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject, as aforesaid, in Scotland, the Sum of two Shillings and threepence Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in Original sai grofied or written, within or during the same Term, any principal or original Saifine, taken or following flnc'&c> upon any Mortgage, Wadset, Heretable Bond, Alienation or Disposition, or upon any Charter, Precept of Clare con/lat, Retours, Apprisings, or Adjudications of Lands or Tenements holding of any Subject, as aforesaid, in Scotland., the Sum of two, Shillings threepence Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be in Original Intlru. grofled or written, within or during the fameterm, any principal or original Instrument of Surrender, sir if sljrre, L Resignation, Service, or Cognition of Heirs, Charter or Saifine of any Houses, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments holding Burgage, or of Burgage inure in Scotland, the Sum of two Shillings threepence Sterling.

And for every Piece of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall be written at any time or times, Transfers of within or during the Term last mentioned, any Transfer of Stock in any Company, Society, or Corporation Stock.

Duty on Pamphlet?, CV Evasions of these Duties prevented by,

1 i Geo. I. cs. § M

Half Sheet.

One whole Sheet,

Larger Pamphlets,

Advertisements,

Salvo for ah of parliament, C

Commissioners of the Stamps to manage ihefe Duties

Vellum, C to be stamped before written on, -.

Penalty on per tonnes writing on Vellum, &c. before stamped, lol.

Steward or Officer offending forfeit Places, CC

ig. Anno decimo Anne Reginae. A.D. 1711.

whatsoever within Great Britain, (over and above the present Duties payable to her Majesty for the same) the Sum of two Shillings and threepence Sterling.

GI. and. be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Books and Papers commonly called Pamphlets, And for and upon all News Papers, or Papers containing public News, Intelligence or Occurrences, which shall, at any time or times within or during the Term last mentioned, be printed in Great Britain, to be dispersed and made public, and for and upon such Advertisements as are herein after mentioned, the respective Duties following; that is to say,

For every such Pamphlet or Paper contained in Half a Sheet, or any lesser Piece of Paper, so printed, the Sum of one halfpenny Sterling.

For every such Pamphlet or Paper (being larger than Half a Sheet, and not exceeding one whole Sheet) so printed, a Duty after the Rate of one Penny Sterling for every printed Copy thereof.

And for every such Pamphlet or Paper, being larger than one whole Sheet, and not exceeding six Sheets in Octavo, or in a Idler Page, or not exceeding twelve Sheets in Quarto, or twenty Sheets in Folio, so printed, a Duty after the Rate of two Shillings Sterling for every Sheet of any kind of Paper which shall be contained in one printed Copy thereof.

And for every Advertisement to be contained in the London Gazette, or any other printed Paper, such Paper being dispersed or made public weekly, oroftner, the Sum of twelve Pence Sterling.

CII. Provided always, That this Act shall not extend to charge any Acts of Parliament, Proclamation, Order of Council, Forms of Prayer and Thanksgiving, or any Acts of State which shall be ordered by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, to be printed, or the printed Votes, or other Matters which ate or shall be ordered to be printed by either House of Parliament, with any of the said Duties on Pamphlets or News Papers, or to charge any Books commonly used in any the Schools of Great Britain, or any Books containing only Matters of Devotion or Piety, with the said Duties on Pamphlets, or to charge any single Advertisement printed by itself, or the daily Accounts or Bills of Goods imported and exported, or the Weekly Bills of Mortality, (so as such Accounts or Bills do contain no other Matters than what have been usually comprised therein) with any the Duties aforesaid; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting, and paying unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the said several Duties hereby granted and made payable for or in respedi of the said several and respective Matters and Things to be ingrafted, written, or printed, as aforesaid, the same shall be under the Government, Care, and Management of the Commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the Duties payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause all such further new Stamps to be provided, to denote the Duties last mentioned, as shall be requisite, and to do all other Things necessary to be by them done, for the putting this Act in due Execution with Relation to those Duties.

CIV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Vellum, Parchment and pa per, upon which any of the last mentioned several and respective Matters and Things shall, from and after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be respectively ingrossed, written, or printed (the Paper to be used in printing the said Pamphlets exceeding one Sheet, as aforesaid, only excepted) shall before such ingrossing, writing, or printing, be brought to the Head Office for stamping or marking of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and the same Commissioners by themselves or by their Officers employed under them, shall, and they are hereby empowered and required forthwith, upon Demand to them made by any Person or Persons from time to time, to stamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, he or they paying to the receiver-general of the Stamp Duties for the time being, or to his Deputy or Clerk, for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Success fors, the respective Duties payable for the same by this Act, without any other See or Reward, and without Delay; which Stamp or Mark to be put thereupon in pursuance of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the several and respective d.utiesdiereby payable for the said Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, which, shall be so stamped or marked.

CV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons, or Corporation, shall, from and after the said First Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, within or during the Term last mentioned, write, ingross, or print, or cause to be written, ingrossed, or printed, or sign any of the last mentioned several and respective Matters and Things, or sell, utter, or expose to Sale "any such Pamphlet or News Paper, as aforesaid, (the said Pamphlets exceeding one Sheet, as aforesaid, only texcepted) before the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereupon the same shall be respectively ingrossed, written, or printed, shall appear to have been so duly stamped or marked, as aforesaid, That then every such Person or Corporation, so offending in any: of the Particulars before mentioned, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, together with Full Costs of Suit; and every Steward, or other Officer, or his Deputy, offending herein, and being convicted of any such Offence, shall (over and besides the Forfeiture or Penalty aforesaid) forfeit and lole his Office and Employment, and be incapable to hold the same; and that.if any of the said several and respective Matters and Things, so to be ingrossed or written, as aforesaid, shall, during the Term last mentioned, be written or ingrossed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Vellum, 'Parchment, or Paper, not appearing to have been duly stamped or starked according to Law, that then and in every such case there shall be due, answered and paid to hrr

Majesty,

A.D. 171

Anno decimo annie Reginae.

C

19.

555

No Writing before Paper be flanr.pt, g'ted, till 5l. paid to the Queen, and the Duty be paid.

Majesty, her Heirs and Successors (over and above the Duties hereby payable) for every such Matter and Thing respectively, the Sum of five Pounds; and that no such Matter or Thing shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unlessas well the said Duties hereby charged, as the said Sum of five Pounds, hall be first paid to the Use of her Majesty's her Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the same under the Hand of the receiver-general, for the time being, of the Stamp Duties, or of his Deputy or Clerk, and until the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, on which such Matter or Thing is so written or ingrossed, hall be marked or {lamped, according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof; and the said receiver-general, and his Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duty, payable by virtue hereof, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, to give a Receipt for such Money; and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark or stamp such Matter or Thing with the proper Mark or Stamp requisite in that Behalf.

CVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner and Officer, who Commissioners act in or about the Managing or Collecting the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, shall, beto be fwern. fore he shall act in or about the same, take the Oath following, that is to say,

A.B. do swear, That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to the Act of Par Their o.ith. liament, whereby certain Duties are charged upon Surrenders of, and Admittances to Copyhold Lands or Tenements, and other the Matters and Things thereby dire died to be {lamped, as is therein mentioned;

without Fraud or Concealment; and shall, from time to time, true Account make of my Doings there ' in, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons, asher Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, hall appoint to receive such Account; and shall take no Fee, or Reward, or Profit for the Executionor Per

of the said Trust, or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons, other than such as hall be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, or some other Person or Persons by her or them to that Purpose authorized.'

Which Oath shall and may be administered by any two or more of the Commissioners last mentioned, or any justice of the Peace.

CII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for managing Commissionen the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and all other Officers, who shall be employed in observe the or about the Collecting or Managing of the Duties last mentioned, and hereby granted, shall, in and for °reasur° the better Execution of their said Offices and Trusts, observe and perform such Rules, Methods and Or rea ury ders, as they respectively shall, from time to time, receive from the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain now being, or from the Lord High Treasurer of Great Britain, or three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being; and that no See or Reward ball be demanded or taken by any her Mano See to be jesty's Officers relating to the said Stamp Duties, from any of her Majesty's Subjects, for any Matter or taken,

Thing to be done in jrurfuance of this Act; and in case any Officer entrusted, or to be entrusted, in the Execution of this Act, in Relation to the said Stamp Duties, shall refuse or neglect to perform any Matter or Thing by this Act required to be done and performed by him, whereby any of her Majesty's Subjects shall or may sustain any Damage whatsoever, such Officer so off ntltng shall be liable by any Action to be founded on this Statute, to answer to the Party grieved all such Damages with Treble Costs of Suit.

CVIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Duties by this Act grant These Duties to ed on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and the said Duties upon News Papers and Pamphlets, shall be paid to the be all paid, from time to time, into the Hands of the receiver-general, for the time being, of the said the Stamp

Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; who shall keep a separate and distinct Account thereof, dut°es>n J P and pay? from time to time, all the Moneys arising thereby (the necessary Charges of raiding, paying, and accounting for the same excepted) into the Receipt of the Exchequer of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for the Purposes In this Act expressed.

CIX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That as often as her Majesty, her Heirs and Succef Upon Renewal fors, shall think fit to alter or renew the said Marks or Stamps to be provided and used for Vellum, Parch of Stamps those menu and Paper, in ptitfuance of this Act, or any of them, it shall be lawful for all Persons, who shall at 'af'sr

that Time have in their Custody or Possession any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, marked with the Stamp tha^pctoa^ or Stamps which shall be so altered or renewed, and upon which none of the Matters and Things hereby it changed in 60 charged, shall be ingrossed, written or printed, at any time within the Space of sixty Days after such In Dajs. tention of renewing or altering, shall be published by Proclamation, to bring or send such Vellum, Parchment or Paper to the Commissioners last mentioned at the said Head Office, or to such Officers as shall be

with such new Stamps, without demanding, or talcing directly or indirectly for the same, any Sum of Money or Consideration whatsoever, under the Penalty of forfeiting for every such Offence, one hundred Penalty on Of pounds, to be sued for, recovered and divided in such Manner as the other Penalties in this a.dl, relating firer refuting to to the said Duties hereby charged on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, are directed to be sued for, recover change, rool. ed, and divided; and in case any Person shall neglect or refuse within the Time aforesaid, to bring or cause Taper not to be brought and delivered to such Commissioners or Officers, as aforesaid, any such Vellum, Parchment, brought inwith or Paper, the same is hereby declared to be of no other Effect or Use than if it had never been ftafnped; in that Time, of and that all Matters or Things charged with the Dufies last mentioned, and hereby granted, which shall1, 0 Ule> after that Time be ingrossed or written thereon, shall he of no other Effect than if they had be n ingrossed

or written on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper not marked, or stamped at all; and ail Persons who hall in gross, write, or print any the Matters or Things hereby charged on such Vellum, Parchment, or Paper,

4 B 2 after

C 19.

Anno decimo Anni Reginae.

A.D. 1711.

after the said Time, hall forfeit and suffer as herein before is enabled, for Persons writing, ingrossing, or printing on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, not marked or /lamped.

Proclamation for CX Provided always, and be it further enacted, That as often as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, altering Stamps, ffiau think fit to alter the said Stamps, or any of them, that the Proclamation which is hereby intended to to lent t C jje lnaje for the giving all Persons due Notice thereof, hall, within thirty Days after the Date thereof, be

Mayors, &: C

Penalty for not publishing it.

lent to the Mayor, chief Magistrate, or other Head Officer of every City, Corporation, Borough, and Market Town, throughout her Majesty's Kingdom of Great Britain; which Officers respectively ball cause the same to be published to the Inhabitants of such City, Corporation, Borough or Town, either on the next Market Day, or next Sunday in the church immediately after the Time of Divine Service, upon Pain of forfeiting the Sum of two hundred Pounds.

CXI. And for the better collecting and securing the Duties hereby charged on such Pamphlets containing more than one Sheet of Paper, as aforesaid; it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That one

If printed elsewhere, to be brought to same Head Collector in 14 Days, to be entered, C

If the Dufy be not paid, C Author, C to Jose all Prnpeity therein.

A printed Copy of every Pam

Sheet mimifted pr lue<^ Copy of every such Pamphlet, which, front and after the said first Day of August one thousand fe in London, &c. ven hundred and twelve, and during the said Term of thirty and two Years, from thence next ensuing, to be brought hall be printed or published within the Cities of London or Westminster, or within the Limits of the Weekly to the Stamp Bills of Mortality, hall, within the Space of six Days after the Printing thereof, be brought to the said dvsaf'i r "im ^eac^ Office for marking or stamping of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and the Title thereof, with the prim Number of Sheets contained therein, and the Duty hereby charged thereon, ball be registered or entered in a Book there to be kept for that Purpose, which Duty hall be thereupon paid to the said receiver-general of the Stamp Duties, or his Deputy or Cleric, who hall thereupon forthwith give a Receipt for the same, on such printed Copy, or the same shall be tamped to denote the Payment of the Duty hereby charged on such Pamphlet: And that one printed Copy of every such Pamphlet, as last mentioned, which during the same Term, shall be printed or published in any Pait of Great Britain, not being within the Limits last before mentioned, nail, within the Space of fourteen Days after the Printing thereof, be brought to some Head Collector of the said Stamp Duties, who is hereby required forthwith to enter the Title thereof, with the Number of Sheets contained therein, and the Duty hereby charged th: reon, in a Book to be by him kept for that Purpose; Duty hall be thereupon paid to such Collector, who shall thereupon give a Receipt for the same on such printed Copy.

CXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Pamphlet containing more than one Sheet of Paper, as aforesaid, shall, during the last mentioned Term of two and thirty Years, be printed or published, and the Duty hereby charged thereon shall not be duly paid, and the Title thereof registered, and one Copy thereof /lamped, where required so to be, within the respective Times herein before for those several Purposes limited, that then the Author, Printer, and Publisher of, and all other, Persons concerned in or about the Printing or Publishing of such Pamphlet, shall lose all Property therein, and in every Copy thereof, although the Title thereto were registered in the Book of the Stationers in London, according to the late Act of Parliament in that Behalf, so as any Person (notwithstanding the said Act) may freely print and publish the same, paying the Duty payable in respect thereof by virtue of this Add, without being liable to any Action, Prosecution or Penalty for so doing; anything in the said Act of Parliament for veiling the Copies of printed Bocks in the Authors or Purchasers of such Copies, or in any Bylaw contained, or any Custotn or other Thing to the contrary notwithstanding: And the Printer and Publisher of such Pamphlet, and every other Person concerned in the Printing or Publishing thereof, shall, in such Case, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, with Full Costs of Suit.

CXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the same Term, of two and thirty Years, no Person whatsoever hall fell, or expose to Sale, any such Pamphlet, without the true respective Name or Names, and Place or Places of Abode, of some known Person or Persons, by or for whom the lame was really and truly printed or published, written or printed thereupon, upon Pain that every Person offending herein, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds, with Full Costs of Suit.

CXIV. And in Regard of the Incertainty how many Copies of the said printed News Papers or Pamphlets to be contained in one Sheet, or in a less Piece of Paper, may be sold; and to the Intent the Duties hereby granted thereupon may not be lessened by printing a less Number than may be sold, out of a Fear of a Loss thereby, in printing more such Copies than will be sold; it is hereby provided and enabled, That the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or the major Part of them, or such Head Officers as they shall appoint in this Behalf, shall and may cancel, or cause to be cancelled, all the Stamps upon such Copies of any Impressions of such News Paper or Pamphlet, as last mentioned, as shall really and truly remain unsold in the Hands of the Person or Persons by or for whom the same hall he printed or published, and upon Oath or Oaths made before the same Commissioners, or the major Part of them, or such Head Officer (who are hereby empowered to administer the same, and to examine into all Circumstances relating to the selling or dispostng of the printed Copies of such News Paper or Pamphlet) to the Satisfaction of such Commissioners or Head Officer, that all such Copies, so cancelled, shall be really and truly remaining unsold in the Hands of the Person or Persons by or for whom the same were printed or published, and that none of them shall have been fraudulently returned or rebought after the same shall have been sold or disposed of, shall and may cause the like Number of other Sheets, Half Sheets, or less Pieces of Paper, to be Number of other stamped with the same respective Stamps (gratis, and without paying any Duties for the same) for the per eets amfe pon or persons w]10 paid the Duties for such Stamps as shall be on such Copies so remaining unsold; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. And the same Commissioners, or the major Part of them, are hereby empowered to make such Rules and Orders for regulating the Methods, and limiting the Times for such Cancelling and Allowances, as aforesaid, with respect to such several and respective News Papers or Pamphlets, as last mentioned, as they shall, upon Experience and Consideration of the several Circumstances, find necessary or convenient for the effectual securing the Duties on such News

Papers

and alfa forfeit 21*

Pamphlets to have the printer's or Publish er's Name printed thereon, on Pain of 201.

Pamphlets unfold to be cancelled by the cominiiifioners,

and the like

gratis to be changed for them.

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Annm Regina?, C 1 9. 557

Papers and Pamphlets, and doing Justice to the Persons concerned in the Printing and Publishing thereof.

CXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons whatsoever, Counterfeiting shall!, at any Time or Times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark to resemble any Stamp or Stamps Felony. Mark which hall be provided, made, or used, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Imprdfion of the same, upon any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, thereby to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties on Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Vellum, Parchment, or Paper with such counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Stamp or Mark to be counterfeit, or if any Person whatsoever shall privately and fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark, thereby to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any Duty upon Vellum, Parchment, or Paper hereby granted, then every Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Commissioners for the time commissioners being, appointed to manage the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall take Care lumish fi impt that the several Parts of the Kingdom of Great Britain shall, from time to time, be sufficiently furnished vellum>&c with Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, stamped and marked as aforesaid, so as the Subjects of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, may have it in their Election to buy the same of the Officers or Persons to be employed by the said Commissioners at the usual and most common Rates above the said Duties, or to bring their own Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to be stamped, as aforesaid, or to furnish themselves or others that shall! have done the same.

CXVII. And for the better Distribution of the said Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and that the Sub Treasury to et jests may have the same with more Conveniency, and at an easy Rate; Be it further enacted by the Autho 1 Pn "s ° 1 rity aforesaid, That the Lord tiigh Treasurer of Great Britain, now or for the time being, or the Com s^mpt missioner of the Treasury for the time being, shall, once in every Year at the least, set the Prices of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper that it shall be sold at; and that the Commissioners for the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, shall stamp the said Price so set upon every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper so by them to be sold; and that the same Commissioners shall like allowance of wise allow and pay to every Person that shall bring Vellum, Parchment, or Paper to the said Head Office percent, foj to be stamped, in pursuance of this Act, the Duties whereof hereby imposed shall amount to the Sum 0f6monlhs' ten Pounds, or upwards, after the Rate of six Pounds in the Hundred Pounds per Annum for six Months, upon present Payment of the said Duties upon the said Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, so by them brought; and that any Persons that shall buy of the said Commissioners, or their Agents, Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, at the Head Office for stamping the same, the Duty whereof amounts to the Sum of ten Pounds, or upwards, shall have the same Allowance.

CXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of The Duty on Ad august one thousand seven hundred and twelve, all and every Person and Persons who shall print or publish, vertisements to, or cause to be printed or published, any Advertisement or Advertisements, shall], within the Space of thirty be Paicl within Days after the Printing or Publication of such Advertisement or Advertisements, pay or cause to be paid the 3° das'

Duty or Duties thereon, hereby charged, to the respective Persons to whom the same are hereby appointed to be paid, (that is to say) to the receiver-general, for the time being, of the Duties on stamped Vellum,

Parchment, and Paper, or his Deputy or Clerk, the said Duties for all such Advertisements as shall be so

printed or published within the Limits of the weekly Bills of Mortality; to the next adjacent Head

Officer, for the time being, appointed for Collection of the said Stamp Duties, the said Duties hereby

charged for and upon all such Advertisements, as aforesaid, which shall be printed or published in any Place out of those Limits; and the Commissioners and Officers last mentioned, or such of them to whom

it shall appertain, are hereby required, upon Payment of the Duties hereby charged on such Advertisement

or Advertisements, without any other See or Reward, to stamp with the proper Stamp, to be provided for

that Purpose, one Copy of such Advertisement or Advertisements, or to give a Receipt for the Duty or

Duties hereby charged thereupon, in Testimony of the Payment thereof; and in Default of such Payment Default of Pay.

within the Time herein before for that Purpose limited, the Printer or Publisher of every such Advertisement forfeits

shall be liable to pay treble the Duties before by this Act chargeable thereupon, to be recovered with Full trcl>*e Du, Y'

Costs of Suit.

CXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all pecuniary Penalties hereby im Pecuniary pe posed, relating to the Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or upon Cards, Dice, Pamphlets, " altics to beone, or advertisements, (except such touching which other Provisions or Directions are made or given in this ihc'o her

Act) shall be divided and distributed, to wit, one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, ^thejnfei°mer, r and the other Moiety thereof, with Full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons as shall inform and sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts at Westminster, for Offences committed in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, and in her Majesty's Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in,

Scotland, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no eftoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall he allowed.

CXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may he Two or more lawful to and for two or more Justices of the Peace to hear or determine any Offence against this Act, in Justices to deter or by the priming, selling, uttering, or exposing to Sale, within the Limits of the Commission by which, nlne0fi; nc£i* such justices of the Peace are or shall be impowered to act, any Pamphlet or Pamphlets, News Paper or News Papers, not marked or stamped as this Act directs; find Justices of the Peace are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complaint made in that Behalf, within three Months after any such Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnessys on either Side, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused in not appearing (upon Proof of Notice given) to proceed to the Examination of the Wimefs or Witnesses upon Oath ( which. Oath they are hereby

Impowexed;

: s58 C !g.

Anno decimo Ann Regina?.

A.D.

1711,

impowered to administer) and to give Judgement or Sentence accordingly; and where the Party accused shall be convicted of such Offence, either by the View of the said Justices, cr either of them, or upon such Information, as aforesaid, to award and issue Warrants for the levying any pecuniary Penalty or Penalties so adjudged, on the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case (hey shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and where Goods of such Offender cannot he found, to commit such Offender to Prison, there to remain until such pecuniary Pe fersons ag nalty shall be paid and satisfied: And if any Party shall find himself or herself aggrieved, or remain un

grieved may ap satisfied in the Judgement of the said Justices, then he, she, or they shall and may, by virtue of this Act, ter Sessions or appeal to the Justices of the Peace at the next Quarter sessions for the County, Riding, Shire, or Place, wherein such Offence shall be committed; who are hereby empowered to summon and examine 'Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case of Convidlon, to issue Warrants for levying or compelling, by such Means, as aforesaid, the Payment of the said Penalties. pro fjustices may mi vided nevertheless, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said respective Juff ices, where they shall tigute penalties.fee Cause, to mitigate or lessen any such Penalty, in such Manner as they in their Discretion shall think fit, the reasonable Costs and Charges of the Officers or Informers being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalty to less than one fourth Part thereof 'twer and above the said Coff and Charges; anything contained in this Acts to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXXI. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons, who shall od crcent on e 'mpwec* ss a Broker or Brokers, Solicitor or Sollicitors, or otherwise, in the Behalf of any other per rorfatureofaol! on or persons? to make any Bargain or Contradf for the buying or selling of any allies, Orders, Exchequer Bills, Exchequer Tickets, Bank Bills, or any Share or Interest in any Joint Stock eredfed by Acts of Parliament, or by Letters Patents under the Great Seal, or Bonds of any Company thereby eredfed, who shall, after the firs Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, take or receive, directly or indirectly, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward, exceeding the Sum of two Shillings and nine Pence for every hundred Pounds, and foin Proportion for any greater or lesser Sum, for his or their Service in soliciting or procuring such ntradf or Bargain, shall forfeit for every such Offence twenty Pounds, with Full Costs of Suit, tp such Persons as shall sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, in which no Essoin, Protection, or

'brokers not to take above 2 s.

oners and Officers to Abe fvvor n.

Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed.

CXXII " -

'general issue.

Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Person, who shall be appointed a Commissioner for all or any the Duties granted by this Acts, and every subordinate Officer under such Commissioners, who shall receive any Salary or Allowance in Respect of his Office (the several Commissioners and Officers of the Customs excepted) shall before his adfing in his respective Trust, take an Oath for his due and faithful Execution of the same, according to this Act, which Oath shall ard may be admin iff red to any such Commissioner by any other Person who shall be appointed a Commissioner, as aforesaid, and to the said Officers respectively by any one of the said Commissioners, or by one Justice of the Peace, who shall give to the Officer a Certificate thereof gratis.

CXXIII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall be sued, molested or prosecuted for anything done by virtue or in pursuance of this Acts, such Person and Persons shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Acts and the special Matter in Evidence; and if afterwards a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff shall discontinue his Action, or be nonsuited, or Judgement shall be given against him upon Demurrer, or otherwise, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have treble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff.

CXXIV. And to the end all the said Rates and Duties upon Sope, Paper, chequered and striped Linens, and upon printed, painted, stained, or dyed Goods, and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, or otherwise howsoever before granted by this Acts, may be duly and certainly raised, and the same (except the necessary Charges of executing this Acts) may be justly and duly brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, according to the true Meaning hereof; it is hereby enacted by the authority aforesaid, That, from time to time, during the Continuance of this Acts, there shall be appointed such and so many Commissioners. and Officers as shall be proper and necessary for managing, raising, collecting, and paying the said several Rates and Duties herein before granted, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same, and thr.t the respective Commissioners and Officers concerned therein, shall perform their several Duties, in relation to the Premises, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys arising by the said Rates and Duties, as are prescribed and to be infiidfed by virtue of an Acts of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the T hird, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of an nuitles, after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or Neglect relating to the Duties thereby grante 1 or referred unto, cr for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys, which were granted or appropriated by the Acts last mentioned.

- funij CXXV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, during the Term for clearing off t^my two Years, reckoning the first Year to begin from the nine and twentieth Day of September one tyre Principal thousand seven hundred and twelve, the full Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, Sum of by or out of the Moneys, to arise by the several Duties, Rates, and Sums of Money by this Acts herein be

34, 74°' with sore granted or appropriated, or any of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as' " aforesaid, (in case the same shall extend thereunto) shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer for the same Duties, Rates, and Sums of Mom y, so granted or appropriated, shall not amount to the Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds

'conomiffirmers. and officers to be appointed, 'who are to be liable to the Act9Sc io W. .3* C 44*

jfsoogl. to ke

interest 6 1. percent.

C 19. 559;

A.D. 1yu. Anno decimo Ann Reginas

Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising (so far as the same shall extend) shall be Part of the yearly

Fund for and towards the answering and paying off all and every the principal Sums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the Sum of two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds, principal Money, together with Interest for the same, after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, as herein after is mentioned; and in case the same Duties, Rates, and Sums of Money by this Deficiency tot? aft granted or appropriated hall at any lime or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of made food out the same, as that within any one Year, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising in the Ex f 'he d chequer, for or upon Account of the same Duties, shall not amount to as much as one hundred sixty eight pmument lr> thousand and three Pounds, that then and so often, and in every such Case, so much as shall be wanting " '

to to make up the said Fund or Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, for every or any such Year, hall be supplied and made good, from time to time, out of the first Aid or Supply to be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiency shall appear, and shall, from time to time be transferred or out of any thereunto, as soon as the same shall be granted; and in case no such Aid or Supply shall be granted, then Publid£ mon ej 5. by and out of any public Money which shall be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, not appropriated to ln tl, e e*chl: 'to any particular Use or Uses by Act of Parliament; and the Lord High Treasurer now being, or the Lord pr; ^(, j"apprj' High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, are hereby strictiy enjoined and required to make up such Deficiency accordingly, out of such unappropriated public Money, without any further or other Warrant or Authority for the same.

cxxvf. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Any Persons person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards ad may becontii i vancing the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds for carrying on the said War, by paying at or be Luiors. tore the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds upon this Act; and that for the raising the said Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, any Person, who will become Contributor or Adventurer, shall and may advance the Sum of ten Pounds, for which Sums so advanced, he, she, or they shall be intituled to receive, by virtue of this Act, such principal Money, and the Interest thereof, to be paid, as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the said yearly Fund settled by this Act; and that every Contributor or Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of ten Pounds, as he, she, or they shall think fit, and for every such Sum of ten Pounds so advanced, he, he, or they, is or are to be interested in one Lot or Share of and in the said yearly Fund, by virtue of this Act; and the same entire Sums of ten Pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such. Receiver Times of Pryor Receivers, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions herein, after ment. mentioned, (that is to say) one fourth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day of July in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-third Day of August in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the twenty-fourth Day. of September in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

"The Queen to appoint Managers. Managers to meet together at some public Office. Books to be EXP "

"with two Columns, for Lottery Number [One.] [Two.] [Three.] Receivers to be appointed "by the Lord Treasurer. Managers to examine the Books, and deliver them to the Receivers, &c.

"Tickets how to be delivered out. Receivers to redeliver the Books, &c. by 27 October 1712. Outer "Column Tickets not disposed of to be delivered into the Exchequer, and thence issued as Cash, &c.

"Tickets of the outermost Column to be rolled up and put in a Box. Upon one of the Tickets shall be "written twelve thousand Pounds; upon another, five thousand Pounds; upon two others, two thousand "upon one other, four thousand Pounds; upon two others, three thousand Pounds; upon ten "one thousand Pounds; upon eighteen others, five hundred Pounds; upon thirty others, two hun "Pounds; upon one hundred others, one hundred Pounds; upon five hundred sixty and four others, tc fifty Pounds; and upon nine thousand two hundred sixty and nine others, twenty Pounds: Which to "with five hundred Pounds to the first drawn Ticket, and five hundred Pounds to the last drawn tc Ticket, in each of the three Lotteries, will amount for each Lottery to two hundred and eighty thou "five hundred and eighty Pounds, which makes the Benefits on all the three Lotteries amount to eight.

"hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds; which with one Million five hundred thou "Pounds, will be the Principal Money payable on the remaining fifty thousand Blank Tickets in all the

"three Lotteries, being five hundred thousand Pounds for fifty thousand Blank Tickets in each Lottery, amount "to two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand seven hundred and forty Pounds, being the total principal'

"Money to be repaid. Outermost Column Tickets to be rolled up, and put into a Box. No Money to "be received after 24. June 1712, &c. Public Notice of the Time of cutting the Tickets. The Manner 45 of Drawing the Tickets. The Manner of the second Drawing for the Course of Payment. everynum "ber drawn to relate equally to the Tickets of the same Number in every of the three Lotteries. An ex —

"aft Table of the Course of Payment to be printed. Possessors of Fortunate Tickets above 20l. to appear before the Managers by 24 Feb. 171 z. Fortunate Tickets to be printed. Forging Tickets Felony.

"Managers to enter the Fortunate Lots above zo /. principal Money in a Book, and transmit it into the -

"Exchequer by 24. March 1712. Interest to be paid Half yearly. Fortunate Lots not above principal "Money, and Unfortunate Tickets, to have Principal and Interest, &c. First Payment at 24. June 171.3.

"Managers to be sworn. Penalty on Officers of the Exchequer and other Officers, offending. Money "lent tax free. Tickets to be exchanged for landing Orders. Notice to be given in the Gazette, of ta —

"king in Tickets, and delivering out Orders. Orders to be numbered in Course, as they are brought in.

"The Money, as it comes in, to be divided into three equal Parts, for the three Lotteries The Orders

off

560 C 19. Anno decimo An Regime. A.D. 1711.

t of the three Lotteries to be paid numerically, &c. Any Number of Tickets, not exceeding an hun "may be included in one Order, so as they be in the same Lottery and Course of Payment. Several "Orders for small Sums in the same Lottery and Course, may be exchanged into one Order. The Moneysarising by this Act, to be applied to pay off Principal and Interest. No undue Preference, if subsequentbe paid before others, who did not demand their Moneys. Deficiency of one Year to be made "good out of the next. Surplus to be applied to make good Deficiencies, &c. Notice to be hung up in "the Office when Orders become due. Eight Pence percent, per Diejn allowed for the first Payment, and4 d. percent, for the other Payments, till 25 Dee. 1712. Receivers may take in Money before they receive their Books. Contributors advancing one fourth Part, and failing in the rest, to forfeit the first "Part: And if no Ticket shall have been deliver'd him, then the ticket to be returned into the "Exchequer, &c. Treasury to appoint a Paymaster, &c. Who shall be subject to the Rules of the "Treasury. Assignment of standing Orders to be registered. Her Majesty, &c. to reward the Managers, "(Ac. out of the Moneys arising by the Duties. Extraordinary Benefits of 2000l. may be divided into "standing Orders not less than 500l. principal Money. If all the Principal and Interest be paid off before "32 Years, then the Residue to be disposed of by Parliament. Guardians to contribute for Infants, &c."

g Annas, C 23.. £ CLVIII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs; and for charging certain new Duties on £ Jiampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on Cards and Dice; and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Tre £ land; and for securing thereby, and by a Weekly Payment out of the Poji Office, and by federal Duties on Hides £ and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, for thirty-two Tears, to be applied to the Satisfaction of suck Orders as are therein mentioned, to the 'Contributors of any Sum £ not exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Occasions, it was enacted, That the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the time being, or the £ major Part of them, should have Power, and are thereby required (amongst other Tilings therein contained) to licence all such Hackney Chairs which, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, from thence next £ and immediately ensuing, should be kept and used for Hire within the Cities of London and Westminster, ' and the Suburbs thereof, and within all and every the Parishes and Places comprised within the Weekly £ Bills of Mortality; and that the Number of all such Chairs so to be licensed upon that Act, should not £ at any one Time, within or during the Term last mentioned, exceed two hundred; and that upon every £ one of the said Licences so to be granted, for keeping or using for Hire any Hackney Chair, there should £ reserved and payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Sueceft ors, the annual Sum of ten Shillings, to £ be paid quarterly at the four most usual Feasts in the Year, by equal Portions, during the Continuance of £ every such Licence for a Chair; and in the same Act several Rates, Restrictions, and Clauses are inserted £ relation to such Chairs and Chairmen so licensed; as by the same, relation being thereunto had, may £ more fully appear: And whereas it is found necessary or convenient that a greater Number of such Hackney Chairs should be licensed to be employed within the Limits aforesaid Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches now being, and the Commissioners for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches for the time being, or the major Part of them, shall have Power and Authority, and are hereby empowered and required, under their Hands and Seals, or the Hands and Seals of the major Part of them (over and above the Number of Chairs authorised to be licensed by the said former Act) to licence any additional Number not exceeding one hundred such Hackney Chairs, which, from and after the twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-one Years from thence next and immediately ensuing, shall be kept and used for Hire within the Cities and Limits aforesaid, so that the Number of all the said Chairs licensed, or to be licensed upon this or the said former Act, shall not at any one Time within or during the Term last mentioned exceed three hundred.

CLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That upon every one of the said Licences for any of the said Chairs to be granted by this Act, there shall be reserved the like yearly Rent of ten Shillings, to be paid quarterly; and that the same Chairs, and the Persons to be so licensed for carrying or using the same, shall, in respect thereof, have the same Rates an L Benefits, and be subject and liable to the same Rules, Penalties, Matters and Things, as are by the said former Act prescribed in relation to the Hackney Chairs or Chairmen, which were thereby authorised to be licensed; and that all Persons, who shall presume to carry for Hire in any Hackney or common Chair, any Person or Persons within the Limits aforesaid, without such Licence upon this or the said former Act, shall be liable to such Penalties as he, she, or they would have incurred for using an unlicensed Chair, if this Act had not been made.

Geo. 1. c. 57. 12 Geo. 1. c. 12. 2og; <?. f. io. 30 Geo. 2-. e, 22. §. 6. 33 Geo. 2. c. 25.

CLX And whereas in and by the said Act made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign (amongst £ Things therein contained) it was enacted, That from and after the eleventh Day of June one £ seven hundred and eleven, during the Term of thirty-two Years from thence next ensuing shall be raised and paid unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for all £ playing Cards or Dice, which, within or during the same Term, should be made fit for Sale or Use in £ Great Britain, or imported into the same, the Duties following, (that is to say) for every Pack of Inch Cards, the Sum of sixpence, and for every Pair of such Dice, the Sum of five Shillings Now it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid, to and for the Use of her majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all playing Cards and Dice which now remain unsold in the Hands of any Person or Persons trading or dealing the rein, and which were actually and completely made before the twelfth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred 3 and

commissioners for Hackney Coaches may licence ico more Hackney Chairs.

By 12 Geo. i. C ti, 15.

One. loo mere may licensed.

M. de perpetual fey 3 Geo. i.

C 7- § I.

16 Geo. 2. c. 25. Andf'c 33 Geo. 2. c. 25.

Hackney Chairs to pay quarterly, and to be subject to the iamerules as the other Hackney Chairs.

Further Pro'vi jtons relating hereto, 12 Ann. fiat. 1. C 14. I

9 Anna, C 33. Cards at d Dice made before 12 June 1711 in the Hands of the Makers, to pay for every Pack one halfpenny, and tnr every Pair 6d.

A.D. 1 7 i t. Anno decimo An n je Reginas C 19, 561

and eleven, and for which no Duty charged by the same former Act of Parliament hath been paid, the several and respective Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money hereafter mentioned (that is to say) for and upon every Pack of such Cards, the Sum of one halfpenny, and for and upon every Pair of such Dice, the Sum of sixpence.

CLXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such playing Cards and Dice as suchcardsand were made and finifned in Great Britain before the said twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred p!ce '° be, and eleven, shall, before the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be brought to the stamp office' said Head Office for marking and stamping of Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and upon Oath made that before i Aug. the same were actually made and finished in Great Britain, before the said twelfth Day of June one thou 1712. to be sand seven hundred and eleven (which Oath the Commissioners for the Stamp Duties, or any of them, or marked, C any Officer or Officers by them, or the major Part of them, thereunto to be appointed, is and are hereby empowered to administer) and upon Payment of the Duties hereby charged on the same to the receiver-general last mentioned, or his Deputy or Clerk, the same Commissioners or their Officers, shall cause such Cards and Dice as are last mentioned, tobefealed, marked or Ramped with such Seal, Mark, or Stamp as the same Commissioners shall provide, to denote the Duties hereby charged on such Cards and Dice, and which the same Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to provide accordingly; and that all playing Cards and Dice which shall not be brought to the said Head Office to be sealed, marked, and Ramped, as aforesaid, and for which the Duties hereby charged, shall not be paid, and touching which such Oath, as aforesaid, shall not be made before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be adjudged and deemed to be Cards and Dice made since the eleventh Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, and to be charged accordingly with the full Duties imposed by the said former Abl.

CLXII. And for the better securing her Majesty's Duties on playing Cards and Dice, and preventing No Cards or Dice the defrauding her Majesty thereof, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after to !e sold or the firr Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Conti ulf(| '^a, yega" nuance of those Duties, no playing Cards or Dice shall be sold or exposed to Sale, or used in Play in any f"fe mtrking, public gaming house, unless the Paper and Thread enclosing, or which shall haveinclosed the same, shall on Penalty of; I. have been respectively sealed and Ramped, or marked according to the said former Abl in that Behalf, and unless one of the Cards of each Pack or Parcel of Cards so sold, shall be also marked or Ramped on the spotted or painted Side thereof, with such Mark or Marks as the Commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the said Stamp Duties, shall direct or appoint; upon Pain that every Person or Persons, Anna;, C 23. who shall, from and after that Time, and during the Continuance of the same Duties, sell or expose to Sale any such Cards or Dice which shall not have been so respectively sealed, marked, and Ramped, as hereby, and by the former Act of Parliament relating to the said Duties, is respectively required, shall forfeit for every Pack or Parcel of such Cards, and every one of such Dice so sold or exposed to Sale, the Sum of five Pounds, besides Full cors of Suit, to be recovered and dirributed as the Penalties relating to the growing Duties imposed by the said former Action Cards and Dice, are to be recovered and dirributed.

CLXIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time or Times Counterfeiting hereafter counterfeit or forge any Seal, Stamp, or Mark to refembie any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, which, in Marks, pursuance of the said former Act, hath been provided, or in pursuance of the same, or of this present Act, felony 11aall be provided, to denote the Payment or charging of any the Duties on Cards or Dice by this or the said former Act payable, or shall counterfeit or refembie the Impression of the same upon any Card or Dice, or any Thread or Paper enclosing any Cards, thereby to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, of any the said Duties upon Cards or Dice, or shall utter, vend, or sell any Cards or Dice with such counterfeit Seal, Stamp or Mark, knowing the same to be counterfeit, or shall privately and fraudulently use any Seal, Stamp, or Mark, provided and used, or to be provided and used in pursuance of this Act, or the said former Act, relating to the said Duties upon Cards and Dice, so as thereby to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any of the said Duties upon Cards or Dice; then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convicted in the Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and shall suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

CLXIV. Provided also, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Cards and Cards and Dice Dice as were made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, before the said twelfth Day of June one made in scot thousand seven hundred and eleven, shall and may, at any Time before the said firr Day of August one lain<j fcc, or thousand seven hundred and twelve, be brought to the Head Office at Edinburgh, appointed or to be ap to^babrouoht ro pointed for collebling her msjesty's Stamp Duties there, and by him Ramped or marked with such relpec the Head office tive Stamps or Marks as shall denote the respective Duties hereby charged thereupon (which Stamps or at Edinburgh, Marks the said Commissioners for managing her Majesty's Stamp Duties are hereby empowered and required before 1 to provide and send to such Officer or Collector for that Purpose) upon Oath taken, That such Cards or C

Dice were actually made in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, before the said twelfth Dav of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, and upon Payment of such respective Duties to such Officer or Collector, and that such Cards or Dice, being so Ramped or marked, shall and may be sold, or exposed to Sale, or used in Play; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXV. And it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys to arise. Rents ofhack as well by Rents of the said additional Number of Hackney Chairs, so to be licensed in pursuance of this ney Chairs, and Abl, as by the said Duties for Cards and Dice made before the twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven (the necessary Charges of raising the same excepted) shall be added to the Funds fetrled pr; a, ej° af" by the said Abl of the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, and applied towards the Payment of the Princi9 Ann, C 23. pal and Interest Moneys therein mentioned, in like Manner, and under the like Penalties as the other

C

i

Anno decimo Annae Regina.

A.D.

III

3 Edw. 4. C 4. to be in Force,

Rents upon Hackney Chairs, and the growing Duties upon Cards and Dice are hereby applicable and appropriated.

Persons making CLXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the twentieth Day carss, n C m of May one thousand seven hundred and twelve, if any Person whatsoever shall make, or cause to be made, out Notkefor any parcs or Dice, in any House, Room, or Place, before he shall have given due Notice of his or her In at cads and r" tention to make Cards or Dice in such House or Place, according to the Form and effeh of the sail former Materials. AH, such Person shall, ever and above the Penalties imposed by that AH, forfeit all the Cards and Dice, Farther Provi and all Materials and Utensils for making Cards and Dice, which shall be found in such House or Place, or fion to prevent which shall have been made or manufactured there, before such due Notice shall have been given; and that this dotvu°ins no Materials whatsoever begun to be wrought for or towards the making of Cards or Dice, shall be re Geo. i'.'c. zi. moved from the Place wherein the same shall have been so begun to be wrought, until the same shall have §. 55. been completely made and worked into Cards or Dice, or the Duties for the Cards or Dice therewith in

Kemoving Mi. tended to be made, shall be paid or secured; Pain that every Person, who shall remove, or cause orerl^s' !}or^ns permit to be removed, any such Materials, contrary to the true Meaning hereof, shall forfeit double tbs ou ctjie uty. of the Duty on the Cards or Dice, which might be made from or with such Materials, with Full

Coils of Suit.

CLXVII. And whereas by an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King Edwaf, d the Fourth, playing Cards and Dice are prohibited to be imported into England or Wales it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, and all Matters therein contained, relating to playing Cards or Dice, shall and do Hand and be in full Force and effeh, and so shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged, as to every Part of the Kingdom of Great Britain; anything in any other AH, touching the said Duties on Cards and Dice, to the contrary thereof notwithstanding

And to prevent the evading the Payment of the said Duties on Dice by new Inventions of anything used or to be used in Play instead of Dice; Be it further declared and enacted by the Authority d - aforesaid, That all Pieces of Ivory, Bone, or other Matter, made or used for any Game or Play, with any

eeme CC c lettersj Figures, Spots, or other Marks thereupon, to denote any Chance or Chances, are and shall be construed, deemed, and adjudged to be Dice, and to be charged accordingly with the full Duties 011 Dice; and if there shall be more than six Chances signified on any one of such Pieces of Ivory, Bone, or other Matter, then such one Piece shall be and is hereby charged with the full Duty of five Shillings payable for a Pair of Dice; and if there shall be more than the 'Number of Chances usually in a Pair of Dice, then such one Piece shall be and is hereby charged with a further Duty, proportionate to the Number of Chances exceeding those of one Pair of Dice,

Officers maven CLXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and ter Places where for any Officer or Officers thereunto appointed by the said Commissioners for the said Stamp Duties, to Cards are made, enter into any House or Place where Cards or Dice are or shall be made, sold, or exposed to Sale, or fuf house' onfcr' pe<^ec* to be privately made, or into any public gaming house, Room, or Place, and there to search and future of job" iee what Quantity of Cards or Dice shall be making, and whether the Cards or Dice so sold, or exposed to Sale, or soused in Play, be duly sealed, marked, and stamped, according to the true Meaning of this Act, and of the said former Act; and if the Owner or Occupier of any House or Place, where Cards or Dice are or shall be made, sold, or exposed to Sale, or if any such public gaming house, as aforesaid, shall, at any Time or Times, refuse Entrance or Liberty of Search to such Officer or Officers, such Owner or Occupier shall, for every such Refusal, forfeit the Sum of ten Pounds, with Full Costs of Suit, to be recovered and divided, as aforesaid.

Cards or Dice CLXX. And for encouraging the Exportation of Cards and Dice into Foreign Parts, Be it further en may be removed ahed by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to remove any Cards or Dice from the

Ivory, Bone, &c. used for any Game, to be without mark irg, in order to Exportation.

Place where the same are or shall be made, without dealing, marking, or flamping the same, or paying any the Duties payable for the same by this or any former Act of Parliament; provided that within one Month after the same shall be made, and before the same' shall be so removed from the Place of making thereof, a Bond be entered into to her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, with sufficient Surety or Sureties, in a Penal Sum of double the Duties on such Cards or Dice, with a Condition for the exporting such Cards or Dice into some Part or Port beyond the Seas, within a Time to be limited in such Bond, and that the same, or any of them, shall not be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, and that such Bond be left in the Hands of the said Commissioners for the Stamp Duties, and a Certificate be given by them, or such

Officer as shall be in that Behalf appointed, that such Bond is entered into with relation to such Cards or

Dice; anything in the said former Act for imposing Duties on Cards and Dice to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXI. Provided always, That such Boards of Cards as were ahually made in Great Britain, and be cutintocards printed or spotted, and ready to be cut into Cards before the said twelfth Day of yune one thousand seven before rz June hundred and eleven, and whereof an Account has been already taken by the Commissioners for managing the Stamp Duties, or their Officers, shall be charged only after the Rate of one half peny^r Pack; anything in this Act, or in the said former Act, for charging the Duties on Cards and Dice, to the contrary notwithstanding.

.. _ __ And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to

termine Pecuni and for any two or more of the Justices of the Peace for the time being, residing near to the Place where

ary Forfeitures, any Pecuniary Forfeitures, not exceeding twenty Pounds upon this or any of the ahs of Parliament, not exceeding touching any the Duties under the Management or Care of the said Commissioners for managing her ma ao!# jesty's Duties on flampt Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, shall be incurred, or any Offence against any of the same ahs shall be committed, in any wise relating to the same Duties, or any of them, by which any Sum of Money only may be forfeited, to hear and determine the same, which feid Justices of the Peace

are

Such Bonds entered into before April 1719, czc, and not put in Suit before April 1721* fire, are void, 5 Geo. 1. c. 19.' §, 48.

Boards ready to

1711, to be charged only with one halfpenny per Pack. Justices may de.

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo anh^e Reginae. C ig. 56.3

are hereby authorised and required, upon any Information exhibited, or Complain: made in that Behalf, within one Year after Seizure made, or such Offence committed, to summon the Party accused, and also the Witnesses on either Side, and upon the Appearance or Contempt of the Party accused, shall be con idled of the Offence alleged against him, and to award and issue out Warrants under their Hands and Seals, for levying any Pecuniary Penalties so adjudged, cn the Goods of the Offender, and to cause Sale to be made thereof, in case they shall not be redeemed within six Days, rendering to the Party the Overplus, if any; and if any Party shall find himself aggrieved, or remain unsatisfied in the Judgement of the Party aggrieved laid Justices, then he or they shall or may, by virtue of this Act, complain or appeal to the Justices of the may appeal to Peace at the next General Quarter Sessions for that County, Riding, or Place, who are hereby empowered s)^-!rter' to summon and examine Witnesses upon Oath, and finally to hear and determine the same, and in case of Conviction, to issue Warrants for levying the Penalties, as aforesaid.

CLXXIII. Provided nevertheless, That it shall and may he lawful to and for the said respective Justices, justices mzy where they shall see Cause, to mitigate or ieffen any such Penalties, as they in their Discretions shall think mitigate Petit, the reasonable Coirs and Charges of the Officers and Informers, as well in making the Discovery, as cities, in the Prosecution of the same, being always allowed over and above such Mitigation, and so as such Mitigation do not reduce the Penalties to less than double the Duties over and above the said Costs and Charges; anything contained in this Act, or any other Act of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXIV. Provided also, That no Writ or Writs of Certiorari shall supersedc Execution, or aether pono Writs of ceedings, upon any Order or Orders made by the Justices aforesaid, in pursuance of this Act; but that.exc Certiorari, cution, and other Proceedings, shall be had and made thereupon; any such Writ or Writs, or Adlowance thereof, notwithstanding.

CLXX V And for the better ascertaining and securing her Majesty's Duties on Calendars and Almanacs, All Books fer be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Books and Pamphlets, serving chiefly ving to the Porto the Purpose of an Almanac, by whatsoever Name or Names intituled or described, are and shall be char Pose J an ged with those Duties, by virtue of the Act in that Case made in the first, Session of this present Parliament, ^"3-ed'a3°fuc!i but not with any of the Duties charged by this Acton Pamphlets or other printed Papers; anything herein*b contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CLXXVI. And whereas great Loss hath happened of the Duties already laid upon stamped Vellum, Clsufe to pre parchment, and Paper, and other Inconveniences daily grow, from, clandestine Marriages For Remedy vent clandestine thereof for the future, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Parson, Vicar, or Curate, or other Person in Holy Orders, beneficed or not beneficed, who shall, after the four and twentieth Day of xigc. i j. June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, marry any Person in any Church or Chapel, exempt or not exempt, or in any other Place whatsoever, without Publication of the Banns of Matrimony between the respective Parties according to Law, or without Licence first had and obtained from the proper Ordinary for the said Marriage, shall for every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered. with full Costs of Suit, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no Essoin, Protection, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall he allowed; one Moiety thereof to the Queen, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them who shall sue for the same; and if such Offender shall be a Prisoner in any Prison or Gaol (other than a County Gaol) at the Time of such Offence committed, and shall be duly convicted of such Offence, by Action or Information, as aforesaid, then upon Oath made of such Imprisonment before any judge of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, and upon producing a Copy of the Record of such Conviction, to be ihcewife proved upon Oath before the said Judge (which Oaths the said Judge is hereby empowered to administer) the said Judge is hereby required to grant his Warrant to the Keeper of the Gaol or Prison where such Offender is a Prisoner (which Warrant such Keeper is hereby required to obey) to remove such Offender to the Gaol of that County where such Offender is a Prisoner, there to remain charged in Execution with the Penalty infiidled by this Act, and with all and every the Causes of his former Imprisonment; and if any Gaoler or Keeper of any Prison shall be privy to, or knowingly permit any Marriage to be solemnised in his said Prison, before Publication of Banns, or Licence obtained, as aforesaid, he shall for: every such Offence forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and distributed, as aforesaid.

CLXXVII Saving nevertheless, to all Archbishops, Bishops, Archdeacon's, and other Ordinaries, their saivofor ardi j Vicars General, Commissaries, and Officials, the free Exercise of all Ecclesiastical Jurisdiction, and full bishops, C Power and Authority of inflidling all such Pains and Censures for this or any other Crime or Crimes, as Junfdiaion. they might have done if this Act had not been made.

CLXXVIII. Provided always, That the said Provision for Marriages do not extend to that Part of Great Not to extend I Britain called Scotland. to Scotland.

CLXXIX. And whereas it has been found necessary for Dispatch in the stamping or marking of vel lum, Parchment, and Paper, to have several Dies or Stamps with the same Mark, Type, and Device on each of them, and denoting the same Duty; and it has also been found necessary to distinguish each of the said Dies or Stamps by several Letters, viz. One several Letter on each of them, whereupon some Doubt has arisen, whether in respect of the Addition of such one Letter, such Mark, Type, or Device, be the f very same Mark, Type, or Device, appointed, provided, or published by Proclamation, in pursuance of the Act or Acts in that Behalf made, or any of them, as the Mark, Type or Device to denote such I Duty; and in that respect, whether such Die or Stamp were a lawful Die or Stamp Be it therefore declared and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several Dies or Stamps, and the Impress for fianjp fions thereby made, and to be made (notwithstanding the Addition of such Letter) are and shall be lawful Aiftmguished Marks and Stamps according to the respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; and that all by Letters, C Stamps and Marks heretofore made or provided, and hereafter to be made or provided, in pursuance of this or to be deemed any other Act or Acts of Parliament, shall (rnotwithstanding the Addition of any Letter or Letters, or Nu lawful Stamps, metical Figure or Figures, to distinguish one Die or Stamp from another of the same Type or Device,

Anno decimo anne Reginze.

A.D. 1711.

Judges judicially to take Notice of the Proclamation bout the Stamps, &c.

5 & 6 W. & Jvi. C al.

comm'/limners for Stamp Duties may keep their Heid Office in any of the Inns of Court, e.

See farther con sewing Stamp dut\c', 10 Ann. C 26. 12

CV 2* r. 26.

The Commissioners and Officers appointed by this act, not to intermeddle with Elections.

and denoting the same Duty) be to all Intents and Purposes taken, adjudged, and deemed to be true and lawful Stamps cr Marks, and to be Stamps or Marks duly made, provided, and used in pursuance of, and according to the true Intent of this Act, and other the respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made.

CLXXX. And whereas some Doubt has arisen, whether the Judges are judicially to take Notice of the Proclamation issued by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in pursuance of an Act made in the fifth Year of their said Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, for four Years, towards carrying on the War against France; and of the Types, Maiks, or Stamps thereby published Be it further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Courts of Justice and Judges whatsoever ought without any Proof or Allegation in that Behalf, judicially to take Notice of the said Proclamation, and of all the Types, Marks, and Stamps thereby published, and which shall hereafter be published by any Proclamation of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, in pursuance of any Act or Acts of Parliament relating to the Stamp Duties, or any of chem, as and for the true and lawful Types, Marks, and Stamps made and provided, or to be made anu provided, in pursuance of this and other the respective Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made.

CLXXXI. And whereas by the several Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made, the Commissioners for e managing the said Duties on stamped Vellum, Parchment, ^prid Paper, are to keep their Head Office in some

convenient Place within the Cities of London or Westminster \ Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage those Duties, may keep their Head Office for the same Dufies, or any other Duties under their Care, in any convenient Place in any Part of the four Inns of Court, or of the Parishes of Saint Andrew Holborn, Saint Clement Danes, Saint Paul Covent Garden, or Saint Giles in the Fields, although the same be not within either of those Cities; anything in the said former Acts, or any of them, to the contrary notwithstanding.

fiat. 1. C 2. i Am. fijt. 2. C tj. 5 Gsc. 1. C 19. fetl. 48. 6 Geo. I. C 21. II Geo. 1.. C 8. 12g10. 1. f. 33.9 Gel. 2. C 31, 16

29 Geo. 2. c. 12, 13. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. and 32 Geo. 2. c. 35.

EXP.

Clause for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capita] of the South Sea Company) for the Use of the Publick.

By 12 Anna?, Stat. 2. C 3 any Person may lend Money on Stock.

CLXXXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Commissioner, Officer, or other Person concerned or employed in the charging, collecting, receiving, or managing any of the Duties granted by this Act, hail, by Word, Message, or Writing, or in any other Manner, endeavour to persuade any Elector to give, or dissuade any Elector from giving his Vote for his Choice of any Person to be Knight of the Shire, Commissioner, Citizen, Burgess, or Baron for any County, City, Borough, or Cinque Port; and every Officer or other Person offending therein, shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds; one Moiety thereof to the Informer, the other Moiety thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish or Place where such Offence shall be committed; to be recovered by any Person that hail sue for the same, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Exchequer in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in which no Essoin, Protection, Privilege, or Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; and every Person convict on any such Suit, hall thereby become disabled and incapable of ever bearing or executing any Office or Place of Trust whatsoever, under her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors "

"Benefit Tickets in the late Lotteries, not bein yet adjusted, present Managers may settle the "same before 25 Dec. 1712. Where Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tickets have been lost, on Oath before "the Barons of the Exchequer, sv. Officers to issuenew ones, C

CLXXXV. And whereas by the Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign famongst other Things) for making good Deficiencies, and satisfying publick Debts, it was provided, ' That several Shares or Parts of the Capital Stock of the Corporation which was to be erected, in pure fuance of that Act, and is since erected by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, s should be ascertained, and be disposed and disposable for the Use of the Publick, in such Manner and Form, and by such several Ways and Means as in the said Act are expressed in that Behalf, and as by the same may more at large appear Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the respective Treasurers of the Navy and Ordnance, and the respective Paymasters of the Guards, Garrisons, and Land Forces, for the time being, or any other Officers or Persons who are or hall be intituled to any Parts or Shares of the said Capital Stock, for the publick Use and Benefit (not being absolutffy sold, applied, or disposed for some of the publick Uses in that Act mentioned) from time to time, by any Warrant or Warrants in Writing from the High Treasurer of Great Britain, now being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being (and not otherwise) to borrow any Sum or Sums of Money from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, who are or shall be willing to advance or lend the same, upon Credit of the said publick Stock, or any Part thereof, and to allow Interest, not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum for the forbearance thereof, to be paid every three Months from the respective Times of making such Loans or Advances, until the respective Times of Repayment of the Principal Moneys; and to assign, mortgage, and transfer such respective Shares of the said Stock, whereupon such Sums of Money hail be agreed to be solent, to the respective Lenders thereof, or such as they severally and respectively nail appoint, and to their Executors, Administrators, Successors, and Assigns respectively, upon such Conditions of Redemption, and under such Agreements for the Sale of the Stock so mortgaged, for making Default in the Repayment of the Moneys to be borrowed thereupon, or for Nonpayment of the i11 terest thereof, and subject to such other Conditions, and in such Manner and Form, as in such Warrant and Warrants respectively hall be prescribed in that Behalf,

CLXXXVI. Proa.

D. 1711.

Anno decimo A n n m Regime.

20, 21. 565

CLXXXVI. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That all the Money which ball be borrowed upon the Credit of such Stock, as aforesaid, shall be applied and disposed by the said Treasurers, Payee afters, or others respectively chargeable therewith, to such publick Uses whereunto the said Stock so to be mortgaged would have been applicable by or in pursuance of the said aist, if no such Mortgage, Alignment, or Transfer had been made, and to no other Use, Intent, or Purpose whatsoever; that the said Treasurers, Paymasters, and other Officers, who shall borrow the said Moneys, as aforesaid, shall be answerable for the Application thereof accordingly; and that the said Company shall not be resporifible for permitting the Stock to be so transferred, as if the same were unduly transferred; and that the Lenders of such Money shall npt be chargeable with the Application thereof to the said Uses.

3 Geo. 1. c. 9. 5 Geo. 1. c. 19. 6 Geo. 1. c. 4, & 11.

3 Geo. 2. c. 16, G? 2 4 Geo. 2. c. 5. 5 Geo. 2.

pft, 60. 24 Geo. 2. C z, Sf 11, 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

7 Geo. 1. c. 5, 7 Geo. 1. pat. 2. 8 Geo. 1. c. 20, 21, 22.9 Geo

9 Geo. 2. c. 34

i 1 j o, I, C i. jnu. z, 1

17. 6 Geo. 2. c.-25, 28. 7 Geo. 2.

*7*

.6.

so Geo. 2. c. 17.

Money so borrowed to be applied to the Use of the Public.

Farther Prowl pons relating to South Sea company, 10 Ann. C 30. 1 Geo. I

Pat. 2. C 21.

1 Geo. 2. c. 8. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3.

CAP. XX.

An Act for the Relief of Insolvent Debtors, by obliging their Creditors to accept the utmost: Satisfaction exp, they are capable to make, and restoring them to their Liberty.

CAP. XXI.

An act to prevent Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal lotting of Yarn, for each Piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the same.

WHEREAS diverse Abuses and Deceits have of late Years been used in the Manufactures of Linen 2s //. g. C

Cloth in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, with Respect to the Lengths, Breadths, and i Eliz. C 12.

unequal sorting of Yarn, which tends to the great Debasing and Undervaluing of the said Linen Cloth, 1 rinn. Jiat.

both at Home and in Foreign Parts, where the said Clothes are vended For Remedy whereof, be it c' enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the: Lords Spi The Lengths ritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, linen°c'loth that from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one matic; n Scot thousand seven hundred and twelve, all Sorts of Linen Cloth made in Scotland, shall be made of well sorted land.

Yarn for each Piece, and equally wrought and fine from the one End of the Piece to the other; and that Dornick, V all Linen Cloth be made by the Standard Yard Wand, of the Lengths and Breadths following, each Piece made in scot of Linen Cloth, commonly called Saint jobnjlons Cloth, when brown or green, and all other plain, brown, land provided or green Linen Cloth made for whitening, shall be made full Yard and Nail, or full three Quarters of a Yard and Nail, that when whitened, it may be full Yard or full three Quarters of a Yard in Breadth; and that all other Sorts of plain Linen Cloth, whether white, brown, or green, shall be full Yard, or full three Quarters of a Yard in Breadth; and every such Piece of plain, brown, or green Linen Cloth, shall be in Length eighty-four Yards, the Half Piece forty-two Yards, the Quarter Piece one and twenty Yards; and every Piece of plain white Linen Cloth shall be in Length forty Yards, the Half Piece twenty Yards; and all Linen Checks shall be made Yard and Half a Quarter, or full Yard, or full three Quarters of a Yard in Breadth; and all striped Linen Cloth shall be made full Yard and Quarter, or full Yard, or full three Quarters of a Yard in Breadth; and all Linen for Neckcloths shall be made, the Piece to contain twelve Neckcloths, the Half Piece to contain six Neckcloths; and all Sorts of Ticking shall be made full Yard, or full three Quarters of a Yard in Breadth; and that all white, brown, or green Linen Cloth whatsoever shall be sold in that Part aforesaid, in the water should, or in Foulds of one Yard or Half Yard in each Should of Length, and not rolled or battered.

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Weaver, or other Person, shall, from and penakvon after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, make, or cause to be made any of the aforesaid Linen Weavejs, C Cloth, otherways than according to the respective Lengths and Breadths aforesaid, and with well sorted making Linen Yarn, and equally wrought and fine, from the one End of the Piece to the other, every such Person or than^according^ Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of any Overseer or Searcher of Linen to tj, e aforesaidi Cloth, appointed or to be appointed within the several Boroughs Royal, Counties, Stewartries, Boroughs Lengths amt of Regality and Barony, in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, or by the Oath of two or more credible Breadths, Witnesses before any Justice or Justices of the Peace, Magistrate or Magistrates, or other Judge or Judges competent within their respective Jurisdictions (which Oath they or any of them are hereby empowered to administer) final!, for every Inch the said respective Linen Cloth shall be less than the said respedh ve Breadths, and for every Half a Quarter the three Quarters Yard and Nail plain Cloth shall exceed the said Breadths, shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings Sterling; and for every Yard the said respective white, brown, or green plain Linen Cloth shall be less in Length than the said respective Lengths, shall forfeit the like Sum of five Shillings Sterling; and for every Piece of all Sorts of Linen Cloth whatsoever, that is not made of well sorted Yarn, and equally wrought and fine from the one End of the Piece to the other, shall forfeit the Sum of five Shillings Sterling; and if any Person or Persons shall buy or expose to Sale, or bring to any Town or Place, in order for Sale, any of the aforesaid Cloth, in that Part aforesaid, not being made' of well sorted Yarn, equally wrought and fine from the one end of each Piece to the other, and of the Lengths, Breadths, and Fouldings aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offending and being thereof con vied in any time not exceeding six Months after the Time of Sale, or exposing the same to Sale, shall forfeit for each Piece the Sum of five Shillings Sterling.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Owners of all Sorts of Owner? of LI q Linen Cloth whatsoever made in Scotland, before exposing the same to Sale, shall bring the same to any Borough

ose yex'

C 21.

0 0

Anno decimo A n n m Regime.

A.D. 1711.

prfe ittos^le, rough Royal, Town, or Place where Stamps are appointed, or to be appointed and kept, and there receive '... the Stamp of the Borough, Town, or Place'; for the which Stamp the Stamp Master shall

ftuil br'n* it to l.c flarrp', o: i pot tellurs ct 5 s. Sterling for each Piece.

Magistrates to cause Stamps to by made, and appoint Persons 1'ov flam ping, who shall be fvvom and give Security.

Justices of the Peace to do the like at their quarter s.fiions.

Stamp Master not to buy or sell any Linen Cloth, nor stamp any

be paid for each

Piece of all Sorts of Linen Cloth, the Sum of one Penny, the Half Piece halfpenny, the Quarter Piece one Farthing, and no more; and if any Person or Persons shall expose to Sale, or carry to the water side, in order for exporting or transporting any of the aforesaid Linen Cloth, after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, in or from any Borough, Town, or Place in Scotland, before the Stamp is affixed thereto, or is not made, as aforesaid. Rich Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall forfeit for each Piece the Sum of five Shillings Sterling.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Magistrates of each Borough Royal in Scotland, hall be and are hereby empowered and appointed, from time to time, to cause make a Stamp or Stamps, bearing the Arms of the respective Boroughs, and to appoint a fit Person or Persons for inspecting and {lamping all Linen Cloth brought to be stamped, being of the Lengths, Breadths, and Qualities aforesaid; Person or Persons so nominated, shall before his or their Admission to that Office of Stamp Master, beobli, cdto take an Oath de fideli, and likewise find Surety for the faithful Administration and Execution of his Office, for such Sum of Money as the said Magistrates Hull appoint; and in like Manner, the Justices of the Peace, in their respective Counties and Stewartries, shall be and are hereby empowered and ordained, from time to time, at their Quarterly Sessions in Scotland, to appoint a Stamp or Stamps to be made and kept at some proper Place or Places where Linen Cloth is sold, within their respective Counties, as their Justices of the Peace shall think proper; and the said Justices of the Peace are hereby empowered and ordained to nominate and appoint a qualified Person or Persons for stamping of Linen Cloth, brought to be flampt within their respective Counties and Stewartries aforesaid; shall be obliged in like Manner to take an Oath dcfideli, and likewise find such Surety for the faithful Administration and Execution of his Office, for such Sum of Money as the said Justices of the Peace shall appoint; and that

not made of will no Stamp Master shall, for himself, or any other Person or Persons, buy or dispose of any Linen Cloth, direct or indirect, or shall stamp any Linen that is not made of well sorted Yarn, equally wrought, and of equal Fincness from the one End of the Piece to the other, and of the Breadths and Fouldings aforesaid (and not rolled or battered) he or they so neglecting or offending, shall forfeit for each Piece of Linen Cloth the Sum of five Shillings Sterling, and made incapable of serving in any such Office for the future; and if any Person or Persons in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, shall buy, export, or transporr, or carry to the water side, in order to be exported or transported, any Linen Cloth of Scotland, after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, before the Stamp be fixed, as aforesaid, he or they so offending, and being thereof convicted in Scotland, shall for each Piece of Linen Cloth whatsoever, forfeit the Sum of five, Shillings sterling; and if any Person or Persons shall affix or counterfeit any Stamp without the Authority 5, 0. oi, i - ars af0refai(]j Puch Person or Persons so offending shall forfeit respectively the Sum of fifty Pounds Sterling, or

sorted Yarn, Sec, on Penalty of 5 s. per Piece, and disabled. bii)ing or exporting before stamped for feits 5 s. per Piece. Counterfeiting 51 imps forfeits

imprisonment insolvent.

Using Lime or P id geo ns Dung in whitening, forfeits 20 s.

one year's Imprisonment if found insolvent.

C V And whereas sundry Persons of late Years have made Use of Lime or Pigeons Dung for bleeching and whitening Linen Cloth, to the great Prejudice of the said Cloth; 'For preventing whereof, be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall, after the said nine and twentieth Day, 's;. of September, make use of any Lime or Pigeons Dung, for whitening or bleeching any Sort of Linen

r 1 3 l.m 1.1! 5., a j. 1. f..rn L tr. "t T T 11 r. of the rt t, r. Vir

piece Cloth, and being thereof convicted by the Oath of two or more credible Witness or Witnesses, or by the

Oath of the Offender or Offenders, and before any Judge or Judges competent within their respective ju rifdictions, in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, such Person or Persons so offending, and being thereof convicted, as aforesaid, shall forfeit for each Piece of Linen so bleeched or whitened, the Sum of twenty Shillings Sterling; and if any Offender or Offenders shall after being convicted within Scotland, and shall Forfeitures, how refuse and neglect to pay any Forfeiture incurred by Reason of this Act, then it shall and may he lawful to be recovered for the Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Judges competent, before whom such slid disposed. Conviction shall be made, as aforesaid, and such Magistrate or Magistrates, Justice or Justices of the Peace, or Judges competent, are hereby empowered and required to issue out one or more Warrants, under his or their Hands and Seals, to the Constable or Constables, Officer or Officers of the Town or Place where such Offender doth inhabit or can be found, within the Limits of their respective Jurisdictions, to levy the same by Distress and Sale of the Offender's Goods, returning the Overplus, if any be, to the Offender, and where no sufficient Distress can be found, to commit the Offender to the House of Correction, or Gaol of the Borough, Town, or County, to be kept at hard Labour for such Time as the Judge or Judges, before whom such Conviction is made, mall direct, not exceeding twelve Months; and all Forfeitures and Penalties that shall be recovered in that Part of Great Britain aforesaid, by Reason of this act, shall be the one Half to the Informer who shall sue for and recover the same, the other Half for the Poor of the Parifti_ where the Offence is committed.

Linen cio>h

VI. Provided always, i hat all Linen Cloth which shall be made in Scotland at any Time before the said toedehetorejgi njne ancj twentieth Day of September, which shall he in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred ept. i:. may twe]ve^ flla]] ancj may be sold, exported, or transported, as the Owner or Owners of the said Linen Cloth shall judge proper, at any Time or Times before the fifteenth Day of May which shall be in the

be sold or exported before5 May 1713

Pedlars may re

Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

VII. Provided always, That all Retailers, or reputed Retailers, and Pedlars, may retail any Sort of LI taju.inen, made nen Cloth, being made of the Breadths, well sorted Yarn, and equally wrought and fine in each Piece,

.. A six rnnrnincfl fn f hp rrmt rnrv nnfwish

of Breadths, and an(j having always the Stamp affixed thereunto; anything in this at contained to the contrary not with si. Handing.

fens concerning Linen, C 12 Ann. fiat. 2. C 9, 19 & 21, 1 Geo. 1. c. 36. 3 Geo. j»c, 7 £? 21 & 17 Geo. 2. c. 30. Jo Geo. 2. c. 2\, -7 & 3* 21 & 24 Geo. 2. c. 46, 29 Geo. 2. c. 15, 32 Geo. 2. c. 32.

C 2 2, 23. 567

Anno decimo anne Reginas*

CAP. XXII.

An Act for the Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made the ninth Year offer present Majesty's Reign, 9 Anna, C 47* ' intituled An act for the Encouragement of the Trade to America, it is among other Things enact ' ed, That all Prize Goods and Commodities which, after the first Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven, hall be imported into any of the Ports of Great Britain, hall be subject and liable to the Payment of the same Duties as those Goods and Commodities would have paid in case they had not been Prize: And whereas before the making the said Act, Prize Goods, being of the Growth and Pro duce of foreign Plantations not belonging to hermajestyor her Subjects, were subject upon their Importa tion into Great Britain, to pay cnly such Duties and Customs as were payable on the seventeenth Day ' of May in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and three, for the like Goods of the Pro duce of her Majesty's Plantations imported by English Shipping: And whereas several considerable Quan tities of Prize Jocoa, Sugars, Indigo, and other Prize Goods, of the Growth and Produce of such So 4 reign Plantations, have been already imported into this Kingdom, and are now in several Warehouses under the queen's Locks, and other Quantities of the like Goods are on Board diverse Ships or Vessels, now imported, and more are daily expected, and if the same shoukl pay the Duties they were to pay in case they had not been Prize, the same will not be worth Freight, Custom, and Charges; which will he not only a great Loss and Detriment to the Importers thereof, hut also a great Prejudice to the Trade of this Prize Coods of Kingdom: 'For Remedy whereof, be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the ljle Growth of Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament rionsbbrouhct" assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Cocoa, Sugars, Indigo, and other Goods, taken inw breat1bri and condemned as Prize Goods, of the Growth and Produce of such Foreign Plantations, which are al tain before 29 ready imported into this Kingdom of Great Britain, or hall at any Time hereafter, before the twenty may 1712 ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be imported into the said Kingdom, 'or which pa5r?!ll>' rijchf now are in any Warehouses under the queen's Locks, or on Board any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, fut?c Growth " now imported, having Certificates to prove the same Prize Goods, hall be subject and liable to pay only of plantations such Duties and Customs as the same would have paij if the said Goods had been of the Growth and Pro belonging to the duce of the Plantations, Islands, or Colonies in America, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain. Crown.

II. And be it further enacted, That all Prize Goods, being of the Growth and Produce of such Foreign Prije goo's of Plantations, which hall at any Time after the twenty-ninth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and '^<lrojv.th of twelve, be imported into any Part of Great Britain, from any of the Plantations, Islands, or Colonies in p/aauonsai america aforesaid, upon producing a Certificate under the Hand and Seal of the Collector, Comptroller, ported after 29 or other Chief Officer at the Port or Place where such Goods were embarked or put on Board in America, May 1712. from are the same Goods as were condemned in the High Court of Admiralty within such Plantation, Bland, or ary. of the Plan colony i America aforesaid, as hall appear to the said Collector, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer tftion in there, by Affidavit made by the Person or Persons exporting such Prize Goods, and also an Affidavit made dn bceutfleatt before the proper Officer of the Customs of such Port or Place in this Kingdom where the faicpgoods ball cf shall pay be imported, by the Master, or Purser, or other Person commanding the Ship or Vessel importing the such duties only same, that the Goods so imported are the same Goods for which the said Certificate was made by the Colas if the5jhaj ledtor, Comptroller, or other Chief Officer in America, as aforesaid, hall be subject and liable to, and hall Cro' th of brit pay such Duties only in Great Britain, as in case they had been of the Growth and Produce of the Plan plantation." rations, Islands, or Colonies in America, belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, anything in the said Prize Cocoa recited Act, or any other Act, or any Usage or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding. from the plantations,

how to

be charged.

CAP. XXIII 10 Anna, C

26. $. 113.

An act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Ma & w e W jesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for the further regulating elebions of Members C aj,

4 to serve in Parliament, and for the preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs and other Officers in the clesihig and returning such Members, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That all Conveyances of any Mef fua°; es, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, in any County, City, Borough, Town Corporate, Port,

or Place, in order to multiply Voices, or to split and divide the Interest in any Houses or Lands amongst several Persons, to enable them to vote at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament, hall be void and of none Effect; and that no more than one single Voice hall be admitted for one and the same House and Tenement: and whereas (notwithstanding this Provision to the contrary) many fraudulent and scanda lous Pradiices have been used of late to create and multiply Votes at the Election of Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, to the great Abuse of the a.otient Law and Custom of that Part of Great Britain called England, to the great Injury of those Persons who have just Right to eledf, and in Prejudice of the Freedom of such electionstherefore for the more effectual preventing of such undue Pradiices, be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the ^Conve., an. same, That all Estates and Conveyances whatsoever made to any Person or Persons in any fraudulent or ces fraudulently collusive Manner, on Purpose to qualify him or them to give his or their Vote or Votes at such Elections made wqjal.»'y

3 of

63 C 23.

Anno decimo Ann Regina;

A.D.

1711.

hall be discharged of futh con ditionsj See, And all Bonds, Sec, for defeating such Estate hall be void.

an; 'Person to of Knights of the Shire (subjectn nevertheless to Conditions or Agreements to defeat or determine such vote (subject to Estate, or to reconvey the same) shall be deemed and taken, against those Persons who executed the same, Conditions to as free and absolute, and be held and enjoyed by all and every such Person or Persons to whom such con deteat t in ime) veyance shall be made, as aforesaid, freely and absolutely acquitted, exonerated, and discharged, of and from all Manner of Trusts, Conditions, Clauses of re entry, Powers of Revocation, Provisoes of Redemption, or other Defeazances whatsoever, between or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them; and that all Bonds, Covenants, Collateral or other Securities, Contrasts or Agreements, between or with the said Parties, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, for the redeeming, revoking, or defeating such Estate or Estates, or for the restoring, or reconveying thereof, or any Part thereof, to any Person or Persons who made or executed such Conveyance, or to any other Person or Persons in Trust for them, or any of them, shall be null and void to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever; and that every Person who shall make and execute such Conveyance or Conveyances, as Persons making aforesaid, or being privy to such Purpose, shall devise or prepare the same, and every Person who, by co c. such Con lour thereof, shall give any Vote at any Election of any Knight or Knights of a Shire to serve in parlia vej anee^m jo ment, shall, for every such Conveyance so made, or Vote lb created or given, forfeit the Sum of forty thereof, ftsil* Pounds to any Person who shall sue for the same, to be recovered, together with Full Costs of Suit, by Actor every such tion of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, Offence, forfeit wherein no eltoin, Privilege, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than one Imparlance shall be admitted 4o1- or allowed.

After 1 Mi H. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of May 17 It. no Per be 'n the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, no Person shall vote for the

fons shall vote electing of any Knight of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or in Right fora Knight of of any Lands or Tenements which have not been charged or assessed to the public Taxes, Church Rates, a Shire, in and parish Duties, in such Proportion as other Lands or Tenements of forty Shillings per Annum, within vhfch"have not t^le ^ame ly.rish or Township where the same shall lie or be, are usually charged, and for which such per iiecn charged to son shall not have received the Rents or Profits, or be intituled to have received the same, to the full Value public Taxes, of forty Shillings, or more, to his own Use, for one Year before such Election, unless such Lands or te c. and for nements came to such Person within the Time aforesaid by Descent, Marriage, Marriage Settlement, de which such per V fe? or Presentation to some Benefice in the Church, or by Promotion to some Office unto which such cewod he°kcnt8 freehoid is affixed; and if any Person shall vote in any such Election, contrary to the true Intent and for one Vcai be meaning hereof, he shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of forty Pounds; one Moiety thereof sore; unless to the Poor of the Parish or Parishes where the Lands or Tenements lie, for which such Person hall vote, such Lands came and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered by Action of Lent DC" Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, wherein no

jeent, t'c. tt/imn "pimimiiso'p prntpainn r wotvpr r»f T oiir oii/'im/pa rt mnrp flion nnp ijtiparjance.

This clauseex Essoin, Privilege, Protection, of Wager of Law, shall be allowed, or more than one'

plained 12 Anna;, stat. I. C 5. on Penalty of 40 1. Repealed by 18 Geo. 2. c. 18.

The Oath required by the Act 7 W. 3. C

25. repealed.

III. And whereas by the above recited Act, it is also further enacted, That upon every Election to be made of any Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parliament, every, Freeholder, before he is ad mitted to poll at the same Election, shall (if required by the Candidates, or any of them) first take the Oath therein after mentioned Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Act, as to so much only as concerns the said Oath, shall be and is hereby repealed.

Freeholders to be

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon every Election to be made of any sworn; Knight or Knights of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, to serve in Parliament,

every Freeholder, before he is admitted to poll at the same Election, shall (if required by the Candidates, or any of them, or any other Person having a Right to vote at such Election) first take the Oath following, viz.

Their Oath,

6 Another Oath appointed by is Geo. CS.'

7 0u shall swear, That you are a Freeholder in the County of and have

£ Freehold Lands or Hereditaments lying or being at in the County of

of the yearly Value of forty Shillings above all Charges payable out of the same; and that such Freehold Estate hath not been made or granted to you fraudulently, on Purpose to qualify you to give your Vote; and that the Place of your Abode is at in and that you have

not been polled before at this Election.

To be admrni Which Oath the Sheriff, by himself, his Under Sheriff, or such sworn Clerk or Clerks (as shall be by Fred by iheshe appointed fr the taking the Poll, pursuant to the said recited Act) is hereby required to administer;

fr eholjercom ann ca*e any Freeholder, or other Person, taking the said Oath hereby appointed, shall thereby commit mitting wilful wilful and corrupt Perjury, and be thereof convicted, or if any Person do unlawfully and corruptly pro perjury, or any cure or suborn any Freeholder, or other Person, to take the said Oath, in order to be polled, whereby he Person inborn shall commit such wilful and corrupt Perjury, and shall be thereof convicted, he and they, for every such th^luku°the°' Offence, shall incur the like Pains and Penalties as are in and by one Act of Parliament made in the fifth penalit/s'oi' Year of the Reign of the late Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act for Punishment of such Persons as Jballpro 5 Eliz. C 9. cure or commit any wilful Perjury, enacted against all such who shall commit wilful Perjury, or suborn or procure

any Person to commit any unlawful or corrupt Perjury contrary to the said Act.

The elector's V And the better to detect and punish any Offenders against this Act, be it enacted, by the Authority Name, Sec, to aforesaid, That in taking the Poll, the Sheriff, or his Under Sheriff, and Clerks, shall enter not only the Centred, Place of the elector's Freehold, but also the Place of his Abode, as he shall declare the same at the Time of the giving his Vote, and shall also make or enter Jurat against the Name of every such Voter who shall lie tendred and take the Oath hereby required; and that the said Sheriff, or returning Officer, shall, within

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Annae Regina. C 24, 25. 569

the Space of twenty Days next after such Election, faithfully deliver over upon Oath (which Oath the Poll Books to two next Justices of the Peace, one of whom to be of the Quorum, are hereby enabled and required to ad be delivered up niinifter) unto the Clerk of the Peace of the same County, all the Poll Books of such respective Elections, on °atil to without any Imbezilment or Alteration; and in such Counties where there are more than one Clerk of the p^ce to be^ce t Peace, then the original Poll Books to one of such Clerks of the Peace, and attested Copies thereof to the among the re rest, to be carefully kept and preserved among the Records of the Sessions of the Peace of and for the said cords of the County. Sessiont.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheriff of the County of York, for sheriffofvork the time being, shall be and is hereby required to appoint seven convenient Tables or Places for taking shire to appoint the Poll of the said County upon any new Eeledion of a Knight or Knights of the Shire for the said seven Tables for County, at the proper Costs and Charges of the Candidates for the same, to continue till the Poll be con t3kl"s 'h P.

at the Cods of

eluded. Candidate

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Sheri if of the County Palatine of sheriffof Che chefer, for the time being, again! every Election of a Knight or Knights of the Shire to serve in Parlia ihiretodo the ment for the said County, shall and is hereby required to cause seven convenient Tables or Places, and no like, more, to be made at the Costs and Charges of the Candidates, within the Shire Hall of the said County,

for taking the Poll at such Elections, that is to say, two at the Upper End, two at each Side, and one at the Lower End of the said Hall, and shall at such Place take the Poll at such Elections till the same be con -

eluded.

VIII. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person being a Quaker, Quakers dedar

during the Continuance of an Act passed in the seventh Year of his late majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act ing the Effectof that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, fall be accepted instead of an Oath in on the usual Form, mall upon such Election, as aforesaid, if required by the Candidates, or any of them, de ijon^directed clare the Effect of the said Oath upon his solemn Affirmation, in such Manner and Form as is directed by by 7 & s w. j. the said Act of Parliament made in the seventh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the C 34. shall be Third, intituled, An Act that the solemn Affirmation and Declaration of the People called Quakers, shall be ac admitted to vote. cepted instead of an Oath in the usual Form; every such Quaker shall be capable and admitted to give his Vote

for the Election of any such Member, as aforesaid, to serve in the House of Commons within that Part of Great Britain called England; and every Sheriff, by himself, or such his proper Officer, as aforesaid, is hereby authorised and required to accept such Affirmation inllead of the said Oath, and shall also make or enter Afffrmat against the Name of every such Quaker; and in case any such Quaker shall be convicted, will And aiming fully, fallly and corruptly to have affirmed or declared any Matter or Thing, which, if the same had been anything farfc in the usual Form, would have amounted to wilful and corrupt Perjury, every such Quaker so offending, in, cur the shall incur the same Penalties and Forfeitures as are herein before enacted again! Persons convicted of will Penalt es b^fore full and corrupt Perjury. V'ZV

Farther provisions relating w Parliament, I Geo. I. C 38 & $6. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. 8 Geo. 2. r. 30.9 Geo. 2. c. 38.11 Geo. 2. c. 24.

13 Geo. 2. c. 20, 15 Geo. 2. c. 22* 18 Geo. 2. c. 18. 19 Geo. 2. c. 28. 31 Geo. 2. c. 14. and 33 Geo. 2. c. 23.

CAP. XXIV.

An Act for prolonging the Term for Payment of certain Duties granted by an Act made in the twelfth and i & S thirteenth Years of his late Majesty King tputiam, intituled, An Act for recovering, securing, and keeping^') in Repair the Harbour of Minehead, for the Benefit and Support of the Navigation and Trade of this King pr^v"*'c'dom. The ancient Usage mentioned in the recited Act, and the Duties, lac. thereby laid on Goods, tic. a

after June 24, 17c 1. shall from thence be continued for 16 Years, and be levied, cas in the said Act is directed. Trustees appointed to put this and the former Act in Execution. A Lantern to be fixed at the key head of the new Work, and Lights burnt therein between Sept. 1. and Afarch 31. Goods hipped within the Liberty, V shall pay the Duties. Goods shipped or discharged at Blue Anchor, ts'e. chargeable with the same Duties as if they had been shipped, lac. within the Harbour of Watchett. Clause for repairing the Highways from Birdlipp and Top of Crickley Hills to Gloucester City. Nothing in these Acts shall give Power to demand the Arrears of 6 d. per Pound granted by the former Act, other than what was in the Collectors Hands before 17 March 1711. [Continued by 7 Geo. 1. c. 14.] P R.

CAP. XXV.

An act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid: And for rectifying a Mistake in an Act passed this 5'eflion of Parliament, intituled, An Act for punishing Mutiny and Dferf ion and false Mullers, and for the better Payment of the Army and Quarters: And for taking Accounts of Trophy Money formerly raised and collected.

IV. / % ND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lieutenants or their Deputies Lieutenants, i. C

II. shall not issue out Warrants for the raising any Trophy Money, till the Justices of the Peace, vgarrantsfot or the major Part of such Justices, at their several and respective General quarter hellions for their re Tmphy spective Counties, Ridings, Divisions, and Places, shall have examined. Hated, and allowed the Accounts ivlney, till tbs of the Trophy Money last raised, levied and collected for any preceding Year and certified such Exami juices in Carnation of the said Accounts under the Hands and Seals of three or more of such Justices to the said respectttikseffl0"5 hays Lieutenants or their Deputies. "jclt'*

lag raised for any preceding Year. See tie yearly Mutiny ash,

Vol. IV

C 26

Anno decimo Annae Reginse,

A.D. 1711.

CAP. XXVI.

An Act for laying additional Duties on Hides and Skins, Vellum and Parchment, and new Duties on Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, and Policies of insurance, to fectire a yearly Fund for Satisfaction of Orders to the Contributors of a further Sum'of one Million eight hundred thousand Pounds towards her Majesty's Supply, and for the better fecti ring the Duties on Candles; and for obviating Doubts concerning certain Payments in Scotland, and for suppreftirtg unlawful Lotteries, and other Devices of the same Kind; and concerning Cake Sope; and for Relief of Mary Ravenall, in relation to an Annuity of eighteen Pounds per Annum, and concerning Prize Coconuts brought from America; and certain Tickets which were intended to be subscribed into the Stock of the South Sea Company; and for appropriating the Moneys granted in this Session of Parliament.

MOST Gracious Sovereign; We your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, being fully resolved to furnish such Supplies as may be necessary for defraying the Expenses of the present War, and other your majesty's extraordinary and important Occasions, have, for those Ends and Purposes, cheerfully and unanimously given and granted, and do by this Act give and grant to your Majesty the several and respective additional Rates and new Duties for and upon all such Skins and Hides, and Pieces of Skins, and Hides, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, Policies of Assurance, and such other Matters and Things as are herein after more particularly described and mentioned, for and during such several and respective Term and Terms of Years, and in such Manner and Form as are herein after expressed; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; and be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, New Duties on n this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, col leather, elected and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon such Skins imported, for and Hides, and Pieces of Skins and Hides, and for and upon such made Wares, herein after particularly 3* Years, from described and mentioned, as shall at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty two Years, made^'erpetu al to be reckoned from the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be imported or brought by 3 Geo. 1. C into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, and Duties, by any Act 7. §. 1. or Acts of Parliament or Law whatsoever, imposed upon or payable for the same) the several and respective

additional Rates or new Duties herein after expressed; is to say.

der Skins,

Lofliee* Buffalo C

Rufila Hides, Calve Skins

hor/e Hides.

Hides of Steers, C

Calve Skins, C Slinks,

Dog Skin, Cordivants,

Goat Skins,

For and upon all Deer Skins, which shall be imported, or brought in, as aforesaid, being dressed in Oil or Allom, or otherwise perfectly dressed, the Sum of threepence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Lofhee, Buffalo, Elk, or any other Hides, dressed in Oil, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of threepence for every such Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all russia Hides, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Penny for every such Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all other tanned Hides and tanned Calve Skins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid (not before in this Act specially charged) the Sum of twopence for every Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares, and Geldings, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, the Sum of one Shilling per Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all - Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides of what Kiad soever (those of Horses, Mares, and Geldings excepted) which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence for every Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all Calve Skins and Kips, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, the Sum of one Penny Half Penny for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Slink Calve Skins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, dressed in Allom and Salt, or otherwise, with the Hair on, the Sum of one Penny for every Pound Weight Averdupois; and for all Slink Calve Skins which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, dressed, Allom and Salt, or otherwise, without the Hair, and for all Dog Skins so dressed, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Half Penny for every such Pound Weight, and after those Rates for any greater or lesser Quantities.

For all Skins commonly called Cordivants, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Dozen, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Number oe Quantity.

For and upon all other Goat Skins (not usually called Cordivants) which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being dressed in Oil, or with Allom, Salt, Meal, or otherwise dressed, the Sum of four Shillings for every Dozen., .- and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

"4.

For

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Annae Reginas C 26. '571

For and upon all Kid Skins, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, being dressed or uh kid Skins, dressed, or nor perfectly dressed, the Sum of sixpence for every Dozen, and after that Rate for any greater,

or lesser Number or Quantity: And if any of the said Kid Skins shall be dressed after the Importation thereof, It is hereby declared, that no further Duties are to be paid for the same by this act upon the dress iing or perfect Dreifing them, or any of them, in Great Britain. >' i

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, which shall be: imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the and respective Rates following; that is to say, For all imported Sheep Skins dressed in Oil, one Shilling and six Lamb sklli, ' Pence per Dozen; for all imported Lamb Skins dressed in Oil, one Shilling per Dozen; for all imported Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins tanned, nine Pence per Dozen, and for and upon all imported Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed, sixpence per Dozen, anddn Proportion to those Rates for greater or lesser Number, Numbers or Quantities of such Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins respectively' '*,

And for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be imported or brought Hides, C im in, as aforesaid, being tanned, tawed, or dressed, and not herein before particularly charged, and for and ported not be upon all Wares made into Manufactures of Leather, or any Manufactures whereof the most valuable Part sore charged, shall be Leather, a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and of the Manufactures last mentioned, and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be affirmed upon the Oath of the Importer thereof: The said several and respective Rates anclduties for and upon all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, and made Wares, to be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, within or during the \

Term before mentioned, to be paid by the Importers thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected) New Duties on and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon such Skins and lathermanu hides, and Pieces of Skins and Hides, herein after more particularly described and mentioned, as shall at !at

any time or times within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day years, ' from3 of auguj} one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be tanned, tawed or dressed within Great Britain (over i.aug, 1712. and above all other Rates and Duties by any act or Acts of Parliament or Law whatsoever imposed upon Made perpetual or payable for the same) the several and respective additional Rates or new Duties herein after expressed, by 3? ".*» That is to say, 7'

For and upon all Hides, of what Kind soever, which shall be so tanned in Great Britain, the Sum of one Tanned Hides. halfpenny for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Calve Skins, Kips, Hog Skins and Dog Skins, which shall be so tanned in Great Bri Calve Skins, C tain, the like Sum of one halfpenny for every such Pound Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Goat Skins, which shall, within or during the said Term be tanned with Shomack, or Goat Skins.' otherwise in Great Britain, to resemble Spanish Leather, the Sum of twopence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Sheep Skins, which, within or during the same Term, shall be tanned for Roans, be sheep Skins and ing after the Nature of Spanish Leather within Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of one Penny for every lambskins. Pound Weight Averdupois, and for and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, which within and during See 3 Geo the same Term, shall be tanned for Glovers, and Bazils, within Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of C 4' '3-

one Penny for every Pound Weight, and proportionally for greater or lesser Quantities of Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins to be so tanned in Great Britain respectively.

And for and upon all other Skins, and Pieces and Parts of Skins, which, within or during the Term last Tanned Skin mentioned, shall he tanned in Great Britain, (not before particularly charged) a Duty after the Rate of fif not before teen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, and proportionally for greater cllar£ed or lesser Numbers or Quantities: The said several Rates and Duties for and upon all such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins tanned in Great Britain, to be paid by the Tanners thereof respectively.

And for and upon all Hides of Horses, Mares and Geldings, which at any Time or Times during the Tawed Horse said Term of thirty-two Years, shall be dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Hides. Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity or Number of such Hides.

For and upon all Hides of Steers, Cows, or any other Hides, of what Kind soever (those of Horses, Hides of Steers. Mares and Geldings excepted) which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of one Shilling for every such Hide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity or Number.

For and upon all Calve Skins and Kips, which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or other Calve Skins, C wise tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of one halfpenny for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a gre iter or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all flink Calve Skins, which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise slinks wi lithe tawed in Great Britain, with the Hair on, the Sum of one Shilling and sixpence for every Dozen, and Hair on. after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all flink Calve Skins, which shall be so dressed or tawed without Hair, and upon all Dog Slinks wi bout Skins which shall be tawed, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Dozen, and al Hair, and Dog ter that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity. Skins.

For and upon all Buck and Doe Skins (except such as shall have paid the full Duty on the Importation, Buck anj Do as aforesaid) which shall be dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or be otherwise tawed, as aforesaid, in skins.

4 D 1 Great

C 26

'572

Kid Skins.

Goat Skins.

Beaver Skins,

Sheep and Lamb Skins.

See 3 Geo. 1. c. 13.

Tawed Skins not before tharged.

Deer Skins, dressed in Oil.

Calve Skins.

Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins,

Skins dressed in Oil, not before <shirged.

Duty on Vellum and Parchment imported or made in Great Britain,

Made perpetual by 3 Geo. I,

7- § I

tthcfe new Duties to be raised as the Duties on Leather.

9 annae>c« zi.

9 Annas, C 11.

Anno decimo Annae Regina A.D. 1711.

Great Britain, the Sum of threepence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that.rate for a greater or lesser Quantity,

For and upon all Kid Skins, which shall be so dressed or tawed in Great Britain, (except such as shall have paid the full Duty on the Importation, as aforesaid) the Sum of sixpence for every Dozen, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

'For and upon all Goat Skins which shall be so dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal or be otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Dozen, and after that Rate fora greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all Beaver Skins which shall be so tawed in Great Britain, the sum.of one Shilling for every Dozen, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Number or Quantity.

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins to be dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, the Sum of three Farthings for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

And for and upon all other Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Skins to be tawed in Great Britain, (not before particularly charged) a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, and proportionally for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities: Which said several Rates and Duties for and upon all Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, to be dressed in Allom and Salt, or Meal, or otherwise tawed in Great Britain, shall be paid by such Persons as shall be the Tawers or Makers thereof into Leather respectively.

For and upon all Deer Skins, Goat Skins, and Beaver Skins, which within or during the Term aforesaid, shall be dressed in Oil within Great Britain, the Sum of twopence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Calve Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil within Great Britain, the like Sum of fourpence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins, which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain, the Rate of twopence for every such Pound Weight, and proportionally for greater or lesser Quantities of such Sheep Skins and Lamb Skins respectively.

And for and upon all other Hides and Skins, and all Pieces of Hides and Skins, which, within or during the Term aforesaid, shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain, the Sum of twopence for every Pound. Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for greater or lesser Quantities or Numbers. The said several Duties on Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, to be dressed in Oil within Great Britain, to be paid by the Oil Leather Dressers respectively.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected. paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Vellum and Parchment which shall, at any Time or Times within or during the said Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be made in Great Britain, or imported into the same (over and above all other Duties by any Act or Acts of Parliament or Law whatsoever imposed upon or payable for the same) the several and respective additional Rates or new Duties herein after expressed, that is to say. For and upon all Vellum so imported an additional Rate of three Shillings for every Dozen; and for all Parchment so imported, an additional Rate of two Shillings for every Dozen, and proportionally for greater or lesser Numbers or Quantities, to be paid' by the Importers thereof respectively; and for and upon all Vellum which shall be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid. additional Duty after the Rate of two Shillings for every Dozen; and for all Parchment which shall be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid, an additional Duty after the Rate of one Shilling for every Dozen, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the several and respective additional or new Rates and Duties by this Act imposed or chargeable for and upon all or any such Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, as aforesaid, for and during the said Term of Years hereby granted, of and in the same, shall and may, from time to time, be ascertained, raised, received, levied, recovered, and secured, by such Ways, Means, and Methods, and by the same or different Stamps and Marks, and under such Pains of Death, and other Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Powers of adjudging the said Duties, and adjudging and mitigating the said Penalties and Forfeitures, or any of them, and other Powers, and subject to proportional Allowances, Drawbacks, and Repayments, and to such Rules and Directions, and in such Methods, Manner, and Form, as the respective Duties upon the like. Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, granted by an Act in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Perm of thirty two years, for prosecutbig the War and other her Majesty's rnojl necessary Occasions, are by that Act, or any Law or Statute thereby referred unto, prescribed, appointed, or enacted, during the Continuance thereof, to be ascertained, raised, received, levied, f'cured, or recovered; and that the Act lad mentioned, and all the Clauses, Pains of Death, Penalties, Forfeitures, Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Matters and Things, therein contained, or thereby referred unto, for the raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, or accounting for the said Duties thereby granted, or any Arrearages of the same, or any Way relating to the same Duties, Pains, Penalties, or Forfeitures, by that Act chargeable, by force and virtue of this present Act, be continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing, paying, and accounting for the Duties upon Hides and Skins, and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, by this Act granted, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes, as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present. Act.

C 2, 6

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo anne Reginas

5-7#

V. And. whereas some Doubts have arisen upon the said Act of the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, g Anravc u. whether a Debenture could be given in pursuance of the said Act by the Customer or Collector of the Cu tj. 39.

Horns for two Thirds of the Duties upon Hides and Calve Skins shipped for Exportation, unless the On Oath of that Marks or Stamps denoting the charging the duty payable by that Act did appear tojhem thereupon; and hat

it being often_found inconvenient that the Exporters should be obliged to open their Bails or Packs of Lea ^enmaiked j c

there at the Port of Exportation; 'it is hereby provided and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Debentures to upon Oath made by the Exporter, unless such Exporter be a known Quaker, and if he be, then upon the.be madeontfbr solemn Affirmation of such Quaker (which Oath or Affirmation the Customer or Collector is hereby ima Drawback of powered to administer) that all the Hides or Skins contained in such Bails or Packs respectively, were tunn1|jir'ls'marked with the Marks or Stamps denoting the charging of the Duties payable by this Act and the said1 e former Act, or either of them, and expressing particularlyffiow much the Duty so denoted to have been paid or charged by the said former Act for such Hides or Skins doth amount unto, exclusive of the Duty upon the Stock in Hand; and also how much the Duties so denoted to have been paid or charged by this.

Act for such Hides or Skins doth amount unto, and expressing the Weight of the Hides and Calve skin so exported or shipped for Exportation, in such Oath or Affirmation; then and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for the Customer or.coileftor (such Security being given as the said Act requires) to make forth a Debenture for the two third Parts of the said Duties payable by the said former Act and this present Act, or either of them, for the Hides and Calve Skins already exported, or shipped to be exported, for which no Drawback hath already been paid, and for the like Hides and Calve Skins which shall hereafter be exported, or shipped to be exported, and for which a Drawback ought to be made, according to the true Meaning of this or the said former Act; and every such Debenture being verified by the Certificate of the Searcher, attesting the shipping of such Hides and Skins, shall be satisfied according to this and the said former Act, as fully as if the Marks or Stamps on the said Hides and Skins had been feeno by the proper Officers of the.customs; anything in this or the said former Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding,

VI. And whereas by. the said Act made last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for laying certain Hide? dreifedor Duties upon Hides, and 'Skins tanned, tawed, or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Verm of curried to h, vc

thirty-two Years, for prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty's most necessary Occaftans, there is Provision a Drawback on made in the said Act, that a Drawback be allowed upon all tanned or rough Hides and Calve Skins, upon e*poi1atio"

their Exportation, but no Allowance is made for a Drawback on Hides or Calve Skins that are dressed or 0", eitcdny '

curried For Remedy whereof, be it enacted, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That jann's. c.tv. all Hides or Calve Skins that are or shall be dressed, or curried, shall be intituled to a Drawback upon their By u Anna of one Penny per Round Weight, as they shall weigh at the customhouse, to be paid and al flat. 2. C 9.

lowed in the same Manner, and under such Cautions, Rules, and Security, as the Drawback upon, rough 6^ -- 3 far, h.cr tanned Hides and Calve Skins is to be paid or allowed. Ji" wedck

See farther concerning Hides, C $.Geo. 1 % r. sv iz Geo. 2. C

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected, and paid. Duties on unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Starch which, at any s, a, ch Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of An act or ^fvears^ gul one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Bri imported, 2d. tain (over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties already imposed thereupon) the Sum of twopence Made perpetual., for every Pound Weight, confiding of sixteen Ounces Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser D 3 jpcn Quantity, to be paid down in ready Money by the Importers thereof, from time to time, before the land CL 7 §'

ing of the same; and for 2nd upon all Starch of what Kind soever, which at any Time or Times within or Made in Great during the same Term of thirty-two Years, shall be made within the said Kingdom of Great Britain, the Britain, i. Sum of one Penny for every such Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser.

Quantity: The same to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

VIII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon imported Starch sit all be Duties on im raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid, and be brought into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer

in England, (to and for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed) by such Rules, Ways, Means, and duuesonsbpe* Methods, and under such Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, and with such Allowances, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties upon imported Sope, granted by one other Act of the present Session of10 anns»c> Parliament, or by any Laws and Statutes therein referred unto, are to be raised, levied, recovered, answered, and paid.

IX. And for the better ascertaining, charging, and securing the Duties by this Act set and imposed upon her Majesty or all Sorts of Starch made in Great Britain, during the Tetm last mentioned, according to the true Meaning Treasury toap of this Act, and for preventing of Frauds concerning the same; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Commissioners or Persons as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or the high Trea °ners' filter of Great Britain now being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall, from time to time, by one or more Commission or.

Commissions for that Purpose appoint, shall be her Majesty's Commissioners for the Receipt and Management of the said Duties set and imposed upon all the Starch made within Great Britain chargeable by this Act; which said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall and have hereby Power, by comn rfiknerr \ Commissions under their respective Hands and Seals, to substitute and appoint under them such Receivers to substi nte in general, Collectors, Comptrollers, Surveyors, and other Officers, as shall be requisite and necessary for senor 0*cers» the Purposes aforesaid; that the said Commissioners so to be appointed, and all the Officers for the said The Moneys to Duties on Starch, shall have out of the same such Salaries and Rewards for their respective Services, in Re be paid into the t lation to the same Duties, as the said High Treasurer now being, or the High Treasurer, or any three or Exchequer, more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think reasonable to establish or allow

in, n

C 26.

Anno decimo Annjs Regina.

A.D. 1711.

and Places of Abode, anckof their work jv.ases,: cat Che next Office,

on Oath Month Jy, in all other tplaos in <5 Weeks, on Forfeiture of 501,

in that Behalf; and that the respective Commissioners for the said Duties on Starch to be made in Great Britain, for the time being, hall, from time to time, cause all the Moneys to arise by or for the said Duties on starch to be made in Great Britain, during the Term aforesaid, (the necessary Charges of managing, collecting, and raising the same excepted) to be paid, from time to time, as the same hall arise, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, under the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein after expressed.

starch makers

X And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons whatso ogive Account ever, who, on or before the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and of their Kamrs twelve, hall make any Starch in Great Britain, for Sale or not for Sale, shall, on or before the same first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, give nofciee in Writing at the Office for the said Duties on.starch, next to the Place where such Starch hall be made, of their respective Names and Places of Abode, and of every work house, store house, Room, and Other place by him; her, or them respectively made use of in or for the making, drying, and keeping of such Starch, or of Flour, Meal, or other Q, '" inure ot p/fater; as proper to be made into Starch, and also of all the Fats, Troughs, Boxes, Kilns, Stoves, uten ffils, and Vessels, used in the making of the same; and that from and after the said first Day of August, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Starch, no Maker of Starch hall erect, setup, alter, change, en, lare, or make use of any work house, store house, Room, or other Place, for the making, drying, or keeping

of Starch, or for the converting or keeping any Flour, Meal, or other Materials proper to be made into Starch, or use any Fat, Trough, Box, Stove, Utensil, or other Vessel, for the making of Starch, without first giving Notice thereof in Writing, or unless Notice thereof hall have been before given in Writing at the next Office, as aforesaid; if any Maker of Starch hall erect, setup, alter, enlarge, or make use of any work house, store house, Ro, m, or other Place, for the making, drying, or keeping of Starch, or for the keeping or converting of any Flour, Meal, or other Materials proper to be made into Starch, or hall use any Fat, Trough, Kiln, Stove, Box, Utensil, or other Vessel, for the making of Starch, without giving such Notice thereof, as aforesaid, contrary to the true Meaning of this Aift, then, and in every such Case, the Offender therein, ffor every such Offence, hall forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds.

: starch makers

XI. And it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said first Day of August, during the Continuance in London, cof the said Duties upon Starch hereby granted, all and every Person and Persons whatsoever, who shall to make Entry majie any Starch in London, Westminster, or in any Parts within the Weekly Bills of Mortality, shall monthly and every Month, and all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who shall make any Starch in any other Part of Great Britain, shall once in every six Weeks, make a true Entry in Writing at the next office for the said Duties, of all the Starch by him, her, or them severally made within such Months or six Weeks respectively; which said Entries shall contain the Weight of all the Starch mentioned therein, and what Quantity thereof was made at a Time in the several Weeks to which such Entry shall relate, on Pain 'to forfeit for every Neglect of Entry the Sum of fifty Pounds; which Entry shall be made upon Oath, by the Makers of such Starch, or by their chief Workman or Servant employed in making the same, according to the best of their Knowledge and Belief, unless such Maker, Workman, or Servant be a known quaker, and the solemn Affirmation of such Maker, Workman, or Servant to the same Effect, in case he orfliebe a known Quaker, shall and may be taken instead of such Oath; and the said Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations to verify the same, shall for such Starch as shall be made within the Limits of the Weekly Bills of Mortality, be made with, and administered by such Officer or Officers as shall be appointed by the

'Commissioners for the said Duties in England, or the major Part of them, for the time being, who shall

attend at a General Office 'in London or Westminster, for that Purpose; all for Starch made in all other Parts of "Great Britain, with and by the Collectors and Supervisors of the District or Division within which the respective Makers of Starch shall inhabit, without any Fee or Charge whatsoever to be demanded or taken for the same.

XII. Provided always, That no Adaker of Starch shall be obliged to go or send further than the Market tic next Marbd Town where his or her Starch is made, or the next Market Town to the Place where his or her Starch is made, fgr the making of such Entries, as aforesaid.

Persons in Lon

XIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons what faever, who shall make any Starch in London, Westminster, or within the Limits of the said Weekly Bills^Week u, Vn of Mortality, hall, within four Weeks, and all and every Person and Persons whatsoever who shall make

ets', any Starch in any or ner Part of Great Britain, shall, within six Weeks, after he, he, or they hall make,

or ought to have made such Entry, as aforesaid, pay and clear off all the said Duties for Starch, which shall be due from him, her, or them respectively; and that all and every such Makers of Starch, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment, as aforesaid, shall forfeit and lose, for every such Offence, double the Sum of the said Duty, whereof the Payment hall be so refused or neglected; that no such Maker of Starch, after such Default in Payment made, hall deliver, or carry out any Starch, until he hath paid and cleared off his Duty, as aforesaid, on Pain to forfeit double the Value of such Starch, so delivered or carried out.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties on Starch, hall at all Times, by Day or by Night (and if in the Night, then in the Presence of a " Constable, or other lawful Officer of the Pence) be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter the House, work house, ware house, or olher Place whatsoever, belonging to, or used by any Person or Persons, who, within or during the last mentioned Term of thirty-two Years, hall be a Maker or Makers of any Starch whatsoever, and by gauging or weighing of the Starch, or gauging the Boxes and other utensils, or otherwise, as to such Officer shall seem moult proper and convenient, to take an Account of the just Quantity of the Starch which shall have been made by such Maker or Makers of Starch, from time to time; and shall thereof make Return or Report in Writing to the respective Commissioners for the said Duties on Starch, or such as they respectively hall appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy (if demanded)

5vnt?tres to be at

any other Parts in 6 Weeks, on Forfeiture of double the Du

Vf9

Officers to enter ware h cases, C to lake Account of Starch

and to make a Return in Writing to the Coma.

D. iyiu.

Anno decimo Ann Regime.

C 2 6.

575'

miflioners, Jea. virga Copy thereof witji the Maker, oi Forfeiture of 40 s.

See. 1 Geo. r, flat. 1.. C

§. 6,

tvery B X of > green Starch of r 57 Inches in Length, and

manded) of such Report in Writing under his Hand with or for such Maker or Makers of Starch respectively; such Report or Return of the said Officer or.officers shall be a Charge upon such Maker or Makers of Starch }; and if the said Officer shall refuse or neglect to give or leave a true Copy of his Report in wri tingyvit h or for such Maker or Makers of Starch, at the ime of taking such Account, upon Demand, as aforesaid, every, such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit and pay the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Maker and Makers of Starch respectively.

XV. Provided always, That if such Charge be made by gauging the said Starch before it be dried in the Stove, then, and in every such Case, every Box of green Starch, or Starch before it he so dried, containing fifty seven Inches in Length, and ten Inches in Breadth, (or by a Medium of the breadthj and eight Inches in Depth, or in the Whole, four thousand five hundred and sixty (olid Inches, shall be esteemed one hundred and twelve Averdupois Pounds Weight of Starch dried and perfectly made, and shall be charged accordingly by this Act, and proportionably for greater or Idler Quantities. loin 3

and 8 in Depth, or 4560 solid Inches to be charged as i 12 lb. of Starch,

XVI. Provided also, That every Officer, who shall be empowered to make such Charge, as aforesaid, shall officers to be in the first Place be sworn.for the due and faithful Execution of his Office; and the Oath in that Behalf shall f 'oin.

and may he administered by all or any the Commissioners of the said Duties on.starch, or by any of her Ma Makers to keso]. jesty's justices of the Peace, who shall give to such Officers a Certificate thereof; and all and every such &-

or Makers of Starch respectively, are hereby required to keep sufficient and just Scales and Weights on pa; nof iq at the Place or Places where he, she, or they do make such Starchy and permit and assist the Officer to make Use thereof, for the Purposes aforesaid, under the Penalty of ten Pounds to be forfeited and lost for not keeping such Scales and Weights, or for not permitting and assisting the Officer, to use the same, as aforesaid.

XVII. And the better to prevent any Frauds and Concealments, it is hereby likewise enacted and decla office milling r red by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties upon Starch, shall also be any Fleur, C to take an Account by gauging, weighing, or otherwise, of the Quantities of Flour, Meal,: and ir wf v*15; other Materials proper to be made into Starch, that shall be in the Custody or Possession of any Maker 'of^ib^of'surch Starch, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Starch hereby granted; and in esse such Officer or for every bulhsl i Officers shall mil's any Quantity or Quantities of such Flour, Meal, or other Materials aforesaid, which he missing, .,

had taken an Account of at the last Time he was at such Makers of Starch, and shall not, upon reasonable Demand, receive Satisfaction what.is bfecome of such Flour, Meal, and other Materials so missing; then, and in every such Case, it shall and may be lawful for every such Officer to charge, such Maker of Starch., with such Quantity of Starch as such Flour, Meal, and other Materials so missing, in his Judgement, would reasonably have made, not exceeding twenty-five Pounds Weight of Starch for every Bushel of such Ingre diems mixed or unmixed, and foin Proportion for a greater or Idler Quantity.

XVIII. And be it enacted, That it any Maker or Makers of Starch shall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officer, in the Execution of the Powers and Authorities given to him or them by this Act, for the af officers, for — certnining and curing the said Duties upon Starch, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every feirs zol. fucll Often: ?, forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Pounds.

XIX. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Maker or Makers of Starch, after the said first Day of starch makera s. August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Starch, shall not to remove (under Pain of forfeiting the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Offence) remove, carry, or send, away, or s "rc, '; of fuf er to be removed, carried, or sent away, any Starch by him, her, or them made, of which tio Account " u'nct h "taeen > shall have been first taken by the proper Officer for the said Duties, from the Place where the same Starch taken, on Pain, shall have been made, without giving to the proper Officer or Officers within the Limits of the said Weekly of zo ).

Lists of Mortality', twenty-four Hours Notice at the least, and to the proper Officer or Officers in other Parts of Great Britain, two Days Notice at the least, of his, her, or their Intentions to remove, carry, or send away the same; that so the said Officer (without his own wilful Neglect or Default) may have Tifne. to weigh, or otherwise take an Account thereof.

XX. And for the better ascertaining the said Duties upon Starch; be it further enacted by the audiority makers to keep --! aforesaid, That all Makers of Starch shall, from time to time, keep all the Starch by them to be made, andistjrch of which shall not have been surveyed and taken an Account of by the said Officers for the said Duties on Starch, w*llcl, noa': 'separate and apart from all other their Starch which shall have been surveyed and taken an.jaccount of by ie Irate such Officers, for the Space of twenty-four Hours after the making thereof within the Limits of the Weekly on pa; n of 5 L I.' Bills of Mortality, or for the Space of two Days after the making such Starch in any other Part of Great Britain, unless such Starch shall have been sooner surveyed and taken an Account of by the said Officers respectively, on Pain to forfeit for every such Offence therein the Sum of five Pounds.

XXI. And be it further enacted, That if any of the said Makers of Starch shall fraudulently hide or con -- Fraudulently' ccal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Starch chargeable by this Act, or any the Materials for. making hiding starch, !), the same, to the Intent to deceive her Majesty of the just Duties by this Act granted, that then, and in forfeits 20 1.. every such Case, the Party so offending shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

XXII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Flour and Meal, and other Mate Materials for rials for making Starch, \ybich filial] be found in any private work house, ware house, or other Places and yoking Starch \ all private Utensils anc Vessels for making or keeping Starch, for which no Entry shall be made, or Notice vv^khouse1'^'1' given as aforesaid, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same, or the Value thereof, shall and may be seized forfeited and recovered by the said Officer or Officers for the said Duties on Starch, for her Majesty's Use.

XXIII. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Starch, and all the Ma Starch Materi. t: ials, and Utensils for the making of Starch, in the Custody of any Maker or Makers of Starch, or of ah, C liable, any Person or Persons to the Use of, or in Trust for such Maker or Makers of Starch, shall be liable and to, he Du:, ch subjift to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Starch in Arrear and owing C

576 C 26.

Anno decimo Ann Regina.

A.D. 1

7h.

Stock in Hand on 1 Aug. 171s to pay.

starch makers to enter their Stock, in Hand at the proper Qtfice, on for feiture of 50 I. and the Starch not entered.

and the Duty to be paid or secured in 6 Days.

jo 1. percent. for Prompt Payment. neglecting to pay, forfeits double.

officers may enter Shops, to view Stock, on Pain 't>f Q I.

Clarideftinely removing Stock, C forfeits o 1,

r&c.

Starch that hatji paid the Duty, may be exported, on Sccurity, C

Such Starch reianded, forfeited.

On Oath that the duty hath kftnpaid, and

by such Maker or Makers for any Starch made by him, her, or them, or in his or their working houses or Places aforesaid, and hail also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such work house, or other Place, for any Offence against this Act relating to the said Duties tipon Starch; and that it shall and may be lawful, in all such Cases, to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings as may lawfully be done by this Act, in relation to Starch, in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

XXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Starch which any Starch makers, or other Sellers and Dealers in Starch in Great Britain, or any Person or Persons in Trust for him, her, or them, or for his, her, or their Use, hall be possessed of, and interested in, upon the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for Sale, there hall be yielded and paid to her majesty the like respective Rates as are by this Act to be paid for the like Sorts of Starch respectively to b: made or imported after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve; and that all and every the said starch makers, and other sellers and Dealers in Starch, and all and every other Person and Persons, who, in Trust for them, or any of them, or for the Use of them, or any of them, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her, or their work house, ware house, store house, Shop, Room, or other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, any Stock, Parcel, or Quantity of Starch, of Foreign or British Manufacture, for Sale, shall, on or before the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and ?twelve, make a true and particular Entry thereof, at the Office for the said Duties on Starch, within the Limits of which they hall respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Starch for which no such Entry hall have been made; and within six Days after he, he, or they hall have made, or ought to have made such Entries, as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties hereby payable for such Starch, or within the said six Days, shall give Security to the proper Officers for paying the same Duties to her majesty sufe, within three Months then next ensuing; in case the said Duties for such Stock of Starch be paid down within the said six Days, then there hall be allowed out of the same Duty for such Prompt Payment, an Allowance after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum, for the said Time of three Months, and that all and every such starch makers, and other Sellers and Dealers in Starch, who shall refuse or neglect to make such Payment, or to give such Security for Payment of the said Duties, upon his, her, or their said Stock of Starch, within the Time by this Act limited for that Purpose, shall forfeit double the Sumof the said Duty which should have been so paid or secured by him, her, or them, as aforesaid; that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officers for the same Duties respectively, to take a true and ..particular Account of all such Stock or Quantities of Starch as any starch makers or other Sellers and Dealers in Starch, or any in Trust for them, shall, on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, have or be possessed of; and for that Purpose shall be permitted in the Daytime to enter into any Shop, Ware house, work house, or any dwelling house, out house, or other Places belonging to such starch makers, and other Sellers and Dealers in Starch, and every of them, who are hereby required to permit such Officer and Officers, upon his or their Request, to make such Entrance on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty safe mentioned hall be paid or secured, and to take an Account of the Quantity of such Starch, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons, having on the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, any Stock or Quantity of Starch, chargeable by this Act with the said Duties for any Stock of Starch, as aforesaid, shall clan dcftinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to removed or carried away the same, or any Part thereof, before her Majesty's Duties thereupon shall be paid or secured, as aforesaid, or hall fraudulently conceal or hide any Part of his, her, or their said Stock of Starch; that then, and in every such Case, he, she, or they so offending, for every such Offence, hall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in all and every such Case and Cases, the Stock or Quantity of Starch which hall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any the said Officers for the said Duties on Starch; and the Person or Persons, in whose Custody such Stock of Starch shall be found, who shall not, before the Discovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office for the said Duties on Starch, of the Stock or Quantity of Starch, foin his, her, or their Custody, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight.

XXV. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any Person or Persons, who shall have actually paid her Majesty's Duties by this Act payable for any Quantities of Starch whatsoever, and to and for any other Person or Persons, who shall buy, or be lawfully entitled to any such Quantity of Starch from the said Person or Persons who actually paid her Majesty's Duties 'or the same, to export such Starch for any Foreign Parts, by Way of Merchandise, giving sufficient Security before the Shipping thereof for Exportation, that the particular Quantities of Starch,

which shall be intended to be exported, as aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall beshipped and exported, and that the same, or any Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into any Part or Parts of Great Britain; which Security the Customer or Collector of the respective Port for such Exportation, is hereby directed and authorised to take, in her Majesty's Name, and to her Use.

XXVI. Provided always, That if after the Shipping any such Starch to be exported, as aforesaid, and the giving or tendring such Security, as aforesaid, in order to obtain the Allowance or Drawback herein after mentioned, the Starch so hipped to be exported, or any Part thereof, shall be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, that then, and in every such Case (over and above the Penalty of the Bond, which shall be levied and recovered to her Majesty's Use) all the Starch which hall be landed, or the Value thereof, ball be forfeited.

XXVII. And it is also hereby enacted, That any Person or Persons, who shall export any Starch to any Foreign Parts, hall or may make Proof upon Oath, or by such Affirmation respectively, as aforesaid, That

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Anni Reginae. C 26. 577

the Duty of such Starch hath been paid or secured, according to this Act (which Oath or Affirmation the on Debenture Customer or Collector of the Port of Exportation is hereby impowerrd to administer) and thereupon the said Customer or Collector of the said Port of Exportation, shall give to the Exportc r thereof a Debenture, coi^aor to rc expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of the Starch so exported, and the Exportation thereof being cer pay the Duties, tified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector appointed to receive the said Duties upon Corcming the Starch in such County or Place where the said Starch was exported (upon producing the said Debenture so Duties on Stanb, certified to him) shall forthwith pay the Duties which shall have been received upon this Add, for the Starch flat 2

so exported, to the Persons or Agents so exporting the same; and if such Collector shall not have Money in f, g j Ce, [

his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners for the said Duties of Starch are Jlot. i. C 2. hereby required to pay, or cause to be paid, the said Debenture out of any Duties upon Starch arising by 3 Geo. 1. c. 4.

this Act; or if the Duty of such Starch so exported, were only secured and shall remain unpaid, then the" 2 BLAME

shall be discharged upon the Securities for the same; anything in this Act contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Autho all the Powers ritics, Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and >" i Car. by an Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled An act for ta £ -^king away the Court of tvards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, b forceao'r and for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof; or by any other Law now in Force, relating to managing the re her Majesty's Revenue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, Duties oa

for managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Du starch, ties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Cases for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this Act) shall be exercised, praftifej, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duliet upon Starch hereby granted, during the Continuance of this Act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

XXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties, and Forfeitures, All Fines to be in relation to the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Starch, shall be sued for, levied, and recovered, orfuedforas by

mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is or may be recovered jfhfeaws ot or mitigated, by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any C e' of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Court of Session, Court of Justiciary, or Court of Exchequer in Scotland respectively; that one Moiety of every such Fine, Penalty, or Forfeiture (hot own" L^otherwise directed by this Act) shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety, be Moiety to the fides Full Costs of Suit, to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same. informer.

XXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as shall comm flaners

be, in Pursuance of this Act, appointed Commissioners for the Duties on Starch to be made in England, fur these Duties Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall and may have and exercise the same, or like Jurisdiction, Power,° f1?

and Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order, in all Cases and Matters relating to the j^ion s^com said Duties on Starch arising within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners of Excise upon Beer, mifiiuners of Ale, and other Liquors, may or lawfully can exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate, or order in the Excise

like Cases or Matters, in relation to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in

Force.

XXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of No Perfumer, August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, no Perfumer, Barber, or Sellers of Hair Powder, shall Elrb'ar'. f0'10 mix any Powder of Alabaster, Plaifler of Paris, Whiting, Lime, or other Matter or Thing of the like (Fj w[tv?ny* Nature (Sweet Scents only excepted) with any Starch or Powder of Starch, to be made use of for the ma powder, on y king of Hair Powder, under Pain of forfeiting all the Hair Powder so made, and the Sum of fifty Pounds Forfeiture of for every such Offence; the one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other he Powder, Moiety (besides Full Costs of Suit) to the Seizor or Informer, to be recovered as any other Penalties and 5° concerning the Duties on Starch are by this Act recoverable; and if any Perfumer, Barber, Maker or Exposing such Seller of Powder hall, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, presume Mixture to

to expose or offer to Sale, or sell, vend, or utter any Hair Powder, which shall be mixed or wrought up Sale forfeits the

with any such Powder of Alabaster, Plaster of Paris, Whiting, Lime, or other Matter or Thing of like 1)°" el and

Nature (Sweet Scents only excepted) that then, and in such Case, ail and every such Perfumer, Barber, "

Maker or Seller of Powder, and such other Person or Persons, hall not only lose and forfeit all such Powder so exposed or offered to Sale, as aforesaid, but also the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence; to be recovered and divided in like Manner.

XXXII. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, I hat there shall he raised, levied, answered New n, and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coffee, Tea,

and Drugs of what Kind soever (Dying Drugs imported from any Foreign Parts, and Turpentine imported dyingdrugsar.d from the British Plantations, excepted) which at any Time or Times within or during the Term of thirty tu.pcntine of two Years, to be reckoned from the sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be British planta i nported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies, and p'ntifi Duties imposed upon or payable for the same, or any of them) the several new Rates, Duties, and Sums of ue!'Money following; that is to say. For all Coffee imported, as aforesaid, twelve Pence for every Pound Made perpetm Weight Averdupois, and proportionally for great r or lesser Quantities: For all Kinds of Tea imported by 3 Geo. 1. from any Place or Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company, two Shil 7- § ' lings for every such Pound Weight; and for all Kinds of Tea imported from any other Place or Places, five° e, '

Shillings for every such Pound Weight, and proportionally for greater or Idler Quantities of Tea; And (jc0°'2 7

Vcl. IV 4 L for

5 7?

these Duties are repealed, and new ones imposed.

By 11 Geo. t. C j. 9. (his

Values of Drugs h V to be ascertained.

3 2 Car. 2. C 4.

Coffee and Tea impoited aficr 36 June 1712, to be warc housed,

and so much of the Duty as would not be drawn back on Exportation to be paid down, and if to be consumed in Great Britain, the remaining Duty to be paid on Delivery out: If to be exported, Security to be given, Scc.

Farther prowl fion made for Coffee and Tea exported to Ireland by 5 Geo. 1. c. 3 1. §5*

What flhl be deemed clandestine Importation of Coffee and Tea.

What shall be deemed clandestine carrying out of Coffee and Tea,

C. 26. Anno decimo Ann Regince. A.D. 1711.

for all Kinds of Drugs imported (except as aforesaid) within or during the Term last mentioned, a Duty after the Rate of twenty Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same: 'Which Paid Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Drugs, chargeable by this Act, as aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Importers thereof from time to time.

Duty of 20 1. percent, on Drugs is determined.

XXXIII. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That the Values of such of the said Drugs chargeable by this Act, as had any particular Valuation set thereupon in the Book of Rates, annexed to the Act of Tonnage and Poundage, made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, shall be valued according to the gross Valuations contained in the said Book, for the Payment of the said Duty, after the Rate of twenty per Centum by this Act charged thereupon, without any Abatement in respect of the Clause contained in the said Book for Drugs imported in English built Shipping; and that all such unrated Drugs as shall be brought from any Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the east-india Company, shall be valued by the Price thereof upon Sale at the Candle, for the Payment of the Duty by this Act granted, in the same Manner, and with such Allowances, as are prescribed by the Laws now in Force for Payment of the other Duties upon unrated Goods brought from Places within those Limits; and that the Values of all other the Drugs chargeable by this Act, shall, in all Cases, be taken to be so much as such imported Kinds are really worth to be sold at the Port of Importation, without any Abatement for the Duties thereupon charged by this or any former Acts, and that the respective Customer, Collector, or other Person or Persons, Officer or Officers of the Customs for the time being, shall receive and levy the same Duties of the said Drugs so payable ad Valorem, upon the Oath of the Merchant or Importer accordingly; and such Oath shall and may be administred, and all other Matters done for ascertaining the said Duties of such Drugs as are last mentioned, in the same Manner and Form as are lawfully used and practised for ascertaining any Duties payable ad Valorem by the Oath of the Importer upon any other Commodities imported.

XXXIV. And for the better securing; the Duties upon Coffee imported from any Foreign Parts, and all such Tea as shall be imported from any Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company by this and other Acts of Parliament imposed; to the Intent the same may not be too burden fom on the Importers of such Coffee and Tea, as shall again be exported to Parts beyond the Seas; it is hereby provided and further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Coffee and Tea hereby granted, all such Coffee as shall be imported into the Kingdom of Great Britain from any Foreign Parts, and all such Tea as shall be imported from any Places within the Limits of the said Charter granted to the East India Company, shall, upon Entry thereof, be forthwith carried and put into such Warehouse or Warehouses as shall for that Purpose be provided, by and at the Charge of the Importers of such Coffee and Tea, and be approved of by the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs for the time being; and so much of the Duties of the same Coffee and Tea as (in case of Exportation) would remain, and not be drawn back by any former Laws now in force, shall be paid down in ready Money by the Importer or Importers thereof, who shall have Power to garble such Coffee, as hath been usual, to make it merchantable; which said Coffee and Tea so brought into such Warehouse or Warehouses shall not be taken or carried out thence upon any Account whatsoever, other than as is herein after mentioned, that is to say, such of the said Coffee and Tea as shall be sold to be consumed in Great Britain, shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses, upon Payment of her Majesty's Duties payable by this or any other Act or Acts for the same Coffee and Tea (other than and except so much as was before paid down, as aforesaid) and such of the said Coffee and Tea as shall be for Exportation to Parts beyond the Seas, shall be delivered out of such Warehouse or Warehouses unto the Importers, or such Buyers, or other Person or Persons as such Importers shall appoint in that Behalf, upon sufficient Security to be first given to her majesty, her Heirs and Successors (which Security the said Commissioners of the Customs, or such Officers of the Customs as they shall appoint, are hereby required and empowered to take) that the same, and every Part thereof, shall be exported, and not relanded in Great Britain; which said Securities shall be difehar ged without Fee or Reward, upon Certificate returned or produced to the Commissioners of the Customs, or such Officers, as aforesaid, under the Common Seal of the Chief Magistrate in any Place or Places in Parts beyond the Seas, or under the Hands and Seals of two known Britislo Merchants then being at such Place or Places, that such Coffee or Tea was there landed, or upon Proof by credible Persons, that such Coffee or Tea was taken by Enemies, or perished in the Seas; the Examination and Proof thereof being left to the Judgement of the said Commissioners of the Customs for the time being.

XXXV. And for preventing all clandestine importing or bringing of Coffee or such Tea, as aforesaid, into this Kingdom of Great Britain; be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons, Bodies Politic or Corporate, from and after the said sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Coffee and Tea, shall import or bring any Coffee, or such Tea as is to be secured in such Warehouses, as aforesaid, into Great Britain, and shall not make due Entries thereof, and bring the same into the said Warehouse or Warehouses, as aforesaid, the same shall be and is hereby adjudged to be clandestine running, and unlawful Importation thereof; and such Person and Persons, or bodies Politic or Corporate, offending therein, and their Abettors, shall forfeit all the Coffee and Tea foclan deftinely run, and the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered and divided; one Moiety thereof to the Queen, and the other Moiety, together with Full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons that shall seize, inform, or sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts aforesaid.

XXXVI. And for preventing the clandestine carrying any the said Coffee or Tea out of the said war houses; be it enacted, That the Keeper or Keepers of the said Warehouse and Warehouses (who shall be appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs, and be it the Charge of the Importers) shall keep one or

more

Anno decimo Ann Reginae.

C 26. 579

more Book or Books, wherein he or they shall fairly enter or write down an exabl particular and true Account of all Coffee and Tea which shall be brought into, and carried out of his or their said Warehouse and Warehouses, and the Days and Times when the same was so brought in and carried out, and how much thereof was delivered out to be consumed and spent in Great Britain, and how much for Exportation, as aforesaid, and shall at the End of every six Months transmit in Writing an exabl Account thereof, upon Oath, to the Commissioners of the Customs for the time being, together with an exabl Account of how much shall be remaining in his or their said Warehbufe or Warehouses respectively; and the said of are hereby impowered and enjoined, within one Month after the same shall be transmitted to them, as aforesaid, to appoint one or more Person or Persons to inspebl the said Book or Books, Warehouse or Warehouses, and to examine the same Accounts; and if upon Examination it shall appear that any of the said Coffee or Tea was delivered out otherwise than as aforesaid, or before Payment of her Majesty's Duties for such of the said Coffee or Tea as shall be sold to be consumed in Great Britain, or giving such Security, as aforesaid, for such of the said Coffee or Tea as shall be delivered out for Exportation, as aforesaid, then the warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers offending therein (half not only be disabled to hold or enjoy any publick Employment, but also shall forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds for every such

Offence, to be recovered and divided, to wit, one Moiety thereof to the queen's Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof, with Full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall same in any the Courts aforesaid

XXXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and pj?r'ctl js m'1y for the Proprietor or Proprietors of the Coffee and Tea, so lodged in any Warehouse or Warehouses, to the warehouse, affix one Lock to every such Warehouse, the Key of which shall remain in the Custody of such Proprietor or Proprietors; and that he or they may in the Presence of the said warehouse keeper or warehouse keepers (who is and are hereby obliged to attend at all reasonable Times for that Purpose) view, sort, and receive out the said Coffee and Tea, or any Part thereof, in Manner following, that is to say, such of the said Coffee or Tea as shall be sold to be consumed in Great Britain, upon paying the Remainder of all the Duties imposed thereon, as aforesaid, and such of the said Coffee or Tea as shall be sold for Exportation, upon giving such Security as is before in that Behalf expressed.

xxaviii. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said sixteenth Day of June All the Dutisj

one thousand seven hundred and twelve, all the Duties and Impositions (so much asls to be paid down in to be paid on ns

ready Money, as aforesaid, excepted) for the said Coffee or Tea delivered out of the said Warehouses to Delivery out for be consumed in Great Britain, shall be paid upon such Delivery out of the Warehouse, and not otherwise; h°rne urr, f>t'on and that from and after the said sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, all Duties imposed upon such of the said Coffee or Tea as shall be delivered for Exportation, and exported accordingly (except so much as was paid down in ready Money, as aforesaid) shall be discharged; and from thence divchai gad, ex forth no Drawback or Allowance shall be paid or made out of her Majesty's Customs for or on Account of cept, C the Exportation of any such Coffee or Tea; anything herein, or in any former Act or Acts of Parliament, to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIX. Provided always, That if any Importers of Coffee or Tea shall pay down all her Majesty's Du ^r^aownaii tics for the same, upon the Importation, and before the Landing thereof, then such Importers shall not be th^dutittvo? obliged to secure the same in a Warehouse or Warehouses, as aforesaid. obliged to ware

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties hereby granted upon imported houfs their Tea and Drugs (except such Tea as shall be imported from any Places within the Limits, of the Charter Coffee, C granted to the East India Company) chargeable by this Act, shall be raised, levied, recovered, answered. Duties on irr. and paid (to and for the Uses and Purposes in this Act expressed) by such Rules, Ways, Means and Me - ported Tea and thods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and subject to such Allowances, as the other Duties upon owto 5

the same Goods respectively are by any Law or Statute now in force, to be ascertained, secured, raised, levied, recovered and answered, during the Continuance thereof respectively.

XLI. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared, That in case any of the said Tea and s

Drugs hereby charged, (and except as before excepted) upon which the said' new Duties by this Act granted, t07e\ % a.utl! shall, upon the Importation thereof, be duly paid or secured to be paid, be again exported at any Time or expoitau n. Times within eighteen Months by British Merchants, or within nine Months by Aliens, to be accounted 'ihefe 18 and 19 from the respective Times of the Importation of the said Goods inwards, and that Proof be first made up Months enlarged on Oath, That the said Tea or Drugs, except as before excepted, so exported, be the same for which the ^3 J

said Duties are paid, or secured to be paid, as aforesaid, That then and in every such Case, and not other lzi*0'_ wise, the same Duties so paid shall, without any Delay or Reward, be wholly repaid out of any the Duties Farther provi upon Tea and Drugs by this Act granted, or the Security for such of the said Duties as shall be secured fions made on shall be vacated (on a Debenture or Debentures regularly certified and (worn to) as to so much of the Exportation of said Tea and Drugs as shall be so exported; anything in this Act contained to the contrary not with

II. §. 5.

(landing.

XLII. And whereas several Companies, and diverse Merchants Importers, have or may have, on the C

sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, several Stocks or Quantities of Coffee cosse^and'r a*and Tea; 'It is hereby further enacted, That all and every such Companies and Merchants Importers, to pay for stock having on the sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her or their Custody; Hand on 16 or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of June 1712. them, or for their or any of Their Benefit or Account, any Stock or Quantity of Coffee or Tea, or either of them, within the Realm of Great Britain, being for Sale, shall yield and pay unto her Majesty the like speblive Duties for the same, as are by this Act granted and to be paid for and upon the like Goods respectively, to be imported after the said sixteenth Day of June, one thousand seven hundred and twelve; the said Duties for such Stocks to be answered and paid to her Majesty's Use, within six Months after the said sixteenth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

4 ft 2

20.

Anno decimo Aukjb, Reginae.

A.D. 1711.

Importers of Coffee, C to enter their Stock in Hand at the next customhouse,

and to permit the proper Officers to enter their ware houses, C to take Account of the same, con

Torfeittnc thereof, or Value,

sol, par Cent, for prompt Payment,

See father concerning Duties on Coffee, fijfc.

5 Geo. 1. c. 11. so Geo. 1. C lev

8 Anna

S.;

Stones, Dirt, C found among Pepper or Coffee, to Lc destroyed.

Duties on Gilt and Silver Wire, imported or made it Great Britain for 32. Years from 1 July712.

Made, perpetual by 3 Geo. It, r., 7. §, X

Duties on impel ted Wire to be raised as the Duties on Sope and Starch.

30 Anna, C ip,

Her Majesty or Treasury to appoint commis fvoncf'.

'who are to substitute inferior Officers,

XLI1L And to the end the said Stocks of Coffee and tea, hereby intended to be charged may be known, and the Duties thereupon duly ascertained and secured; is hereby enacted, That all and every the said Companies and Merchants Importers of Coffee and Tea, hall, on or before the sixteenth Day of yune one thousand seven hundred and twelve, make a just Entry, thereof at the customhouse nearest the Place where the said Stocks of such Goods do remain, as aforesaid, and permit the proper Officers of the Customs thereunto to be appointed, at any Time before the sixteenth Day of yune one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to enter into their and every of their Warehouses or Places where such Stocks are to be found, and to view, weigh, and take Account of the fameand if any such Company or such Merchants Importers. hall neglect to make such Entry at the customhouse within the Time aforesaid, or shall refuse to permit such Officer to enter into their or any of their ware houses or other Places (being thereunto required)' there to view the said Stock, or any Part thereof, or hall hide, remove, or convey away the said Stock or any Part thereof, with Intent to defraud her Majesty, or shall not pay her Majesty's Duties for the same, according to the true Meaning of this Act, then, for every or any such Offence, the Company, or such Merchant Importer respectively so offending, shall forfeit and lose his, her, or their said Stocks of Coffee and Tea, or the Value thereof; one Half to her Majesty, and the other Half thereof to the Use of the Seizor or Informer, to be recovered in any of her Majesty's Courts aforesaid.

XLIV. Provided always, That if any such Companies or Persons so chargeable for any Stocks of Coffee or Tea, shall pay her Majesty's Duties for the same, before the End of the said six Months, then they respectively shall be allowed for such prompt Payment after the Rate of ten pounds./w Centum per Annum, for every Sum so advanced; and in case of Exportation thereof, or any Part thereof, within eighteen Months after Entry made, as aforesaid, the said Duties payable by this Act for such Part of the same Stocks, as fhr.ii be.so exported, shall be discharged or repaid.

11 gco.l. C 30, IT Geo. X C as. 4. Geo. 2. c. 14. 5 Geo. 2. c. 14. 18 Geo. 2. c. 16. 21 Geo. 2. c. 14. 32 Geo. 2. c. 10.

XLV. And whereas, upon the Garbling and Cleaning of Pepper, great Quantities of Stones, Dirt, and'

Trash have been found, and now remaining in the Warehouses appointed by the Commissioners of the Customs for receiving of Pepper, by virtue of the Act of the ninth of the Queen, and more of the same may probably be found among the Pepper) to be imported, and the same being of no Use, either to the

1 Importers or ruy.ers Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Commissioners of her Majesty's Customs for the time being, shall have hereby, at the Request of the Importers or Buyers, Pow r to cause such stones, Dirt, or other Trash, to be destroyed, from time to time, in such Adanner as they shall think fit, so as no Prejudice doth or shall arise to the Revenue thereby; and the said Commissioners shall have the like Power, with respect to any Stones, Dirt, or Trash that may be found amongst Coffee to be lodged in ware houses, in pursuance of this Act; and the respective ware housekeepers shall be discharged in their respective Books, of so much Pepper or Coffee as shall be so destroyed, as aforesaid.

XLVI. And moreover be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, answered and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Gilt and Silver Wire, which at any d ime or Times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (over and above all Customs, Subsidies, and Duties already imposed thereupon) the Duties following, that is to say, For all Gilt Wire imported, as aforesaid, a Duty after the Rate of one Shilling for every Ounce Troy; and for all Silver Wire imported, as aforesaid, nine Pence for every such Ounce, and proportionally for greater or lesser Quantities, to be paid down in ready Money fry the Importer thereof, from time to time, before the landing of the same; and for and upon all Gilt and Silver Wire, which at any Time or Times, within or during the same Term, shall be made in Great Britain, the Duties following; that is to say, For all Gilt Wire so made in Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of eight Pence for every Ounce Troy; and for all Silver Wire, so made in Great Britain, a Duty after the Rate of sixpence for every Ounce Troy, and proportionally for greater or lesser Quantities, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

XLVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Duties upon Gilt and Silver Wire imported, shall be raised, levied, recovered, and paid, and be brought into the said Exchequer (to and for the ui es and Purposes in the said Act expressed) by such Rules, Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Penalties and Forfeitures, and with such Allowances, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties upon imported Sope, granted by one other Act of this Session of Parliament, and the Duties on Starch, granted by this Act, or any of them, are prescribed and appointed to be raised, levied, recovered, an fvyered and paid.

XLVIII. And for the better ascertaining, charging, and securing the Duties by this Act set and imposed upon gilt and Silver Wire made in Great Britain, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, Thai such Commissioners or Persons, as her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of the High Treasurer of Great Britain now being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more or the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall, from time to time, by one or more Commission or Commissions for that Purpose, appoint, shall be her Majesty's Commissioners for the Receipt and Management of the said Duties set and imposed upon all the Gilt and Silver Wire made within Great Britain, chargeable by this Act; which said Commissioners, or the major Part of them respectively, shall and have hereby Power, by Commissions under their respective Hands and Seals, to substitute and appoint under them such Officers as shall be requisite in that Behalf; and that the same Commissioners and Officers for the said Duties on Wire shall have out of those Duties such Salaries and Rewards for their Services therein, as the High Treasurer, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the time being, shall think reasonable to establish or allow in that Behalf; and that the respective Commissioners for the said Duties on Wire to be made in Great Britain, for the time being, shall, from time to time, cause all the Money to arise for the

said

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo Ann je Reginae. C 26. 581

said Duties on.gilt and Silver Wire to be made in Great Britain (the necessary Charges of Management Tj'e Moneys to excepted) to be paid, as the same shall arise, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, unpaid lnt0 the der the Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities herein after expressed. XC equer'

XLIX. And it is hereby enacted, That all and every Person and Persons, who at any Time or Times wire drawers to within or during the Term last mentioned shall draw or cause to be drawn, any Gold or Silver into big pveno, ice at Wire in Great Britain, hall give Notice in Writing at the next Office for the said Duties on Wire, of their ^hei^namej respective Names and Places of Abode, and of the Houses or Places by them respectively made use of, for and work the drawing or making of such Wire therein, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every Of houivs, C nn. fence in drawing or causing to be drawn any such Wire, in any House or Place, without having first ncti Forfeiture of fied the same, as aforesaid; that no Refiner, Wiredrawer, or other Person or Persons flv 11, during the iai continuance of the said Duties on Wire, draw or cause to be drawn any Gold or Silver into such Wire as is commonly called Big jvire, at any House or Place other than some common bar house, to be approved fr>j 0(1 their by the Commissioners for the said Duties on Wire for that Purpose, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of twenty Ear houses. Pounds for every Offence therein.

L And it is hereby enacted, That from and after the said first: Day of July one thousand seven hundred wire drawers, and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Wire hereby granted, all and every the Rec to makeen -- finers. wire drawers, and other Persons, who hall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Gilt or Silver Wire, &ce % °nthe next commonly called Big Hire, as aforesaid, hall once in every Month make a true Entry in Writing at the Office month 1/, next Office for the said Duties of all the Gilt and Silver Wire by them severally made or drawn within such Month respectively; which Entries shall contain the Weight and Kinds of all the Wire mentioned therein, and how much thereof respectively was made in each Week, on Pain to forfeit, for every Neglect of Entry, the Sum of one hundred Pounds;, which Entry shall be made upon the Oath of the Refiner, on Forfeiture », r: or other Person for whom the said Wire was drawn, or of the chief Workman employed therein, or (if iod1 he or she be a Quaker) then upon his or their solemn Affirmation, to the best of their respective knowledge and Belief; which Entries, Oaths, and Affirmations shall and may be made with, and administered by such Officer or Officers as hall be appointed to take the same, without any Fee or.charge whatsoever.

LI. And be it further enacted by. the Authority aforesaid, That every Refiner, wire drawer, and other wire drawer, Person, who hall draw, or cause to be drawn, any Gold or Silver Wire, as aforesaid, shallj, from time to c tociearoft time, within six Weeks after they respectively shall make, or ought to have made, such Entry, as aforesaid, utles" 6 pay and clear off all the said Duties for Gilt and Silver Wire which hall be due from them respectively, feitureof double upon Pain of forfeiting double the Sum of the said Duty whereof the Payment shall have been, so refused the Duty, or neglbled.

LI. And it is hereby declared and enabled, That all and every the Officers for the said Duties on Wire, Officers mayen shall at all Times, by. Day or by Night, and if in the Night, then in the Presence of a Constable, or other ter any bar lawful Officer of the Peace, be permitted, upon his or their Request, to enter the bar house, work house; h<jose> &c' at or other Place which hall be made use of by any Person or Persons for the drawing or making of Gilt '

or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, liable to the said Duties, and to take an. Account of the just: of the wire, Weight of the Gilt and Silver Wire which shall have been so drawn or made from time to time; and hall an(j pe. thereof make Return in Writing to the Commissioners of the said Duties upon Wire, or such as they shall turn thereof to appoint to receive the same, leaving a true Copy thereof (if demanded) with the Maker of the said Wire, the commission upon whom such Return of the said Officer shall be a Charge; and if the said Officer shall refuse to give lei, vlns % or leave such Copy (being demanded, as aforesaid) every such Officer, for every such Offence, shall forfeit with the Maker the Sum of forty Shillings to every such Refiner, wire drawer, or other Person as aforesaid. 0i, pa; (, 0f40S(.

LIII. Provided always, That if such Charge be made by taking the Weigh of the Gold and Silver in if.charge be ta such Big Wire at the bar house, as aforesaid, then an Allowance of one fifth Part hall be made in Confi ken at the bar deration of the Waste to be sustained in reducing the same to Small Wire. house, one Fifth

LIV. Provided also, That every Officer who shall be empowered to make such Charge, as aforesaid, hall, tc bt allowed in the first: Place, be ftvorn for the due and faithful Execution of his Office; which Oath shall and may be Officers to be administered by all or any the Commissioners of the said Duties upon Wire, or by any Justice of the Peace, r"orn who hall give to such Officer a Certificate thereof; and all Persons chargeable with the said Duties qpon wire drawers to Wire, are hereby required to keep sufficient and just: Seales and Weights at the Place or Places where he, keep Weights he or they do make such Wire, and permit and assist the Officer to make use thereof for the Purposds and" les' n aforesaid, under the Penalty of ten Pounds, to be forfeited and loll for riot keeping such Scales and Weights, en: ! ty 0 IO 1 or for not permitting and assisting the Officer to use the same, as aforesaid.

LV. And be it enacted, That if any Maker of Wire shall obstruct or hinder any of the said Officers in obstruaing of the Execution of any the Powers given to him or them by this Act, for ascertaining and securing the said ficer forfeit zoi;. Duties upon Gilt and Silver Wire, the Person or Persons offending therein shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds.

LVI. And it is hereby further enacted, That no Refiner, wire drawer, or Person, who hall draw, or wire drawer not cause to be drawn, any Gilt or Silver Wire, as aforesaid, after the said first Day of July one thousand to remove Wire seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties upon Wire, shall (under Pain of W forfeiting forty Pounds for every Offence) remove, carry, or send away, or suffer to be removed, carried, 0j' or lent away, any Gilt or Silver Wire by or for him, her, or them made or drawn, of which no Account hall have been first: taken by the proper Officer of the said Duties, from the bar house, or Place where the same Wire shall have been made or drawn, without giving to the proper Officer four and twenty Flours

Notice at the leaif of his, her or their Intention to remove, carry, or send away the same, that so the said

Officer (without his own wilful Default) may have Time to weish.and take an Account thereof.'. w; rs notfur_

LVII. And for the better ascertaining the said Duties upon Wire, It is hereby enacted, That all Per veyed to be kept sans, by or for whom any Wire shall be made or' drawn, as aforesaid, shall, from time to time, keep all separare, onp; un

the°f ioi.

Anno decimo anne Reginae.

A.D.

1711.

Wire concealed forfeits 2.01.

Wire, C found in private worse ijoufe/ac. forfeited.

Wire, Materials, C chargeable with the Duties In A n ear, C

Stock in Hand on! Jidy 1712. to pay one Half of the Duty,

and to be entered at the proper Office, on Forfeiture of soland the Wire not cmred.

and the Duty to be paid or secured in 6 Days.

101. percent. for prompt Payment,

Refusing to pay, forfeits double the Duty.

Officers may enter Shops, &c. to view Stock,

Refusal to permit them forfeits 20 1,

Clandestinely removing Stock, C forfeits 20 3 C

the Wire so made, and which flail not have been surveyed and taken ail Account of, separate and apart from all the Gilt and Silver Wire which shall have been surveyed and taken an Account of as aforesaid, for the Space of four and twenty Hours after the making or drawing the same, unless such Wire flail have been sooner surveyed and taken an Account of by the said proper Officer, on Pain to forfeit for every Offence therein the Sum of ten Pounds.

LVIII. And it is hereby enacted, That if any the said Persons by or for whom any such Gilt or Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, shall be made or drawn, as aforesaid, flail fraudulently hide or conceal, or cause to be hid or concealed, any Wire chargeable by this Act, or 'any Bars of Silver prepared for making the same, with Intent to defraud her Majesty, then, and in every such Oafe, the Offender flail forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds for every such Offence.

LIX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Gilt and Silver Wire, and all Bars for making such Wire, which shall be found in any private work house, and all private Utensils for barring or drawing of such Wire, of which no Notice flail have been given as this Act directs, shall be forfeited and lost, and the same, or the Value thereof, shall and may be seized and recovered by any Officer of the said Duties upon Wire, for her Majesty's Use.

LX. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Gilt and Silver Wire, and all the Materials and Utensils for the making, of such Wire, in the Custody of any Maker or Makers of Wire, or of any Person or Persons to the Use of, or in Trust for such Maker or Makers of Wire, shall be liable and subject to, and are hereby made chargeable with all the Debts and Duties for Gilt and Silver Wire in Arrear, and owing by such Maker or Makers, for any Wire made by him, her, or them, or in his or their work houses or Places aforesaid, and also be subject to all Penalties and Forfeitures incurred by such Person or Persons so using such work house or other Place, for any Offence against this Act relating to the said Duties upon Wire; and that it shall and may be lawful in all such Cases to levy Debts and Penalties, and use such Proceedings, as may lawfully be done in case the Debtor or Offender were the true and lawful Owner of the same.

LXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for all Gilt and Silver Wire, commonly called Big Wire, which any wire drawers, Refiners, or other Traders or Dealers in any such Wire, or any Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of them, or for their or any of their Use, shall be possessed of or interested in, upon the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for Sale, there shall be yielded and paid to her Majesty one Half of the like respective Rates and Duties as are by this Act to be paid for the like Sorts of Gilt and Silver Wire respectively to be made or imported after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve; and that all and every the said Refiners, wire drawers, or other Traders and Dealers in Gilt and Silver Wire, and all and every other Person and Persons, who, in Trust for them or any of them, or for the Use of them or any of them, shall be possessed of, or have in his, her, or their Custody or Possession, or in his, her or their work house, ware house, store house. Shop, Room, or other Place or Places whatsoever, upon the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, any Stock, Parcel, or Quantity of such Big Wire for Sale, flail, on or before the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, make a true and particular, Entry thereof at the Office for the said Duties on Wire, within the Limits of which they flail respectively inhabit, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds, and the Gilt and Silver Wire for which no such Entry flail have been made; and within six Days after he, she, or they flail have made such Entries, as aforesaid, flail pay down the Duties hereby payable for such Gilt and Silver Wire, or within the said six Days flail give Security to the proper Officers for paying the same Duties to her Majesty's Use within six Months then next ensuing; and in case the said Duties for such Stock of Gilt and Silver Wire be paid down within the said six Days, then there shall be allowed out of the same Duty for such Prompt Payment, an Allowance after the Rate of ten Pounds per Centum per Annum for the said Time of six Months; and that all and every such wire drawers, Refiners, and other Traders and Dealers in such Wire, as aforesaid, who flail refuse or neglect to make such Payment, or to give such Security for Payment of the said Duties for his, her, or their said Stock of Wire, within the Time by this Act limited for that Purpose, flail forfeit double the Sum of the said Duty, which should have been so paid or secured by him, her or them, as aforesaid; that it shall and may be lawful to and for the proper Officers for the same Duties respectively, to take a true and particular Account of all such Stock or Quantities of Big Wire, as any wire drawers, Refiners, and other Traders and Dealers in such Wire, or any in Trust for them, flail on the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, have or be possessed of; and for that Purpose shall be permitted in the daytime to enter into any Shop, ware house, work house, or any dwelling house, out house, or other Places belonging to such Persons, and every of them; who are hereby required to permit such Officer and Officers upon his or their Request, to make such Entrance on the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, or afterwards, at any Time before the Duty last mentioned shall be paid or secured, and to take an Account of the Quantity of such Big Wire, under the Penalty of twenty Pounds; and if any Person or Persons having on the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her or their Custody or Possession, any Stock or Quantity of Big Wire chargeable by this Act with the said Half Duties for Stock, as aforesaid, flail clandestinely remove or carry away, or cause or suffer to be removed or carried away, the same or any Part thereof, before her Majesty's Duties thereupon shall be paid or secured, as aforesaid, or flail fraudulently conceal or hide any Part of his, her or their said Stock of Wire, that then and in every such Case, he, she, or they so offending, for every such Offence shall forfeit the Sum of twenty Pounds; and in all and every such Case and Cases, the Stock or Quantity of Wire which shall be so clandestinely removed or carried away, or fraudulently, concealed or hid, shall be forfeited, and shall and may be seized by any the said Officers for the said Duties on Wire; and the Person or Persons in whose Custody such Stock of Wire shall be found, who flail not, before the Discovery thereof, give Notice at the next Office for the said Duties on Wire, of the Stock or Quantity of Wire foin

A.D. 1711 Anno decimo Ann, Reginas

C 26. 583

in his her, or their Custody or Possession, shall also forfeit and lose the Sum of twenty Shillings for every Pound Weight,

LXII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in case any Person or On Exportation Persons whatsoever shall, at any Time or Times after the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, during the Continuance of the said Duties on Gilt and Silver Wire, export, by Way of Merchant juj^and on dize, for any "foreign Parts, any gold.or Silver Thread, or any Gold or Silver Lace or Fringe, made of Debenture from Plate Wire spun upon Silk, and shall give sufficient Security before the Shipping thereof for Exportation, thecuflomer, that the particular Quantities of such Thread, or of such Lace or Fringe, intended to be exported, as Collector to aforesaid, and every Part thereof, shall not be relanded or brought again into Great Britain, and shall a Draw make Proof upon Oath, or by such Affirmation, as aforesaid, that the said Gold and Silver Thread, or the said Gold and Silver Lace, or Fringe, was actually made after the said first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve (which Securities shall be taken in her Majesty's Name, and to her Use; the said Oaths and Affirmations shall be administered by the Customer or Collector of the resperftive Port for such Exportation) that then and in every such Case, the said Customer or Collector shall give to the Exporter thereof a Debenture, expressing the true Kinds and Quantities of such Gold or Silver Thread, and Gold and Silver Lace or fringe, so exported or shipped to be exported, and the Exportation or Shipping thereof being certified by the Searcher upon the said Debenture, the Collector or Receiver for the said Duties upon Wire (upon producing the said Debentures so certified to him) shall forthwith pay a Drawback or Allowance, after the Rate of five Shillings for every Pound Weight Averdupois, of such Siver Thread, Lace, or Fringe, and after the Rate of six Shillings and eight Pence for every Pound Weight Averdupois, of such Gold Lace, Thread, or Fringe, out of the Moneys of the said Duties on Wire then in the Hands of such Receiver or Collector, without Fee or Reward; and if such Receiver or Collector shall not have Money in his Hands to pay any such Debenture, then the respective Commissioners of the said Duties upon Wire are hereby required to pay or cause to be paid the said Debenture out of any the Duties on Gilt or Silver Wire arising by this at; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every the Powers, Authorities, All the Powers Directions, Rules, Methods, Penalties, and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters, and Things, which in and by m 12CaI'2i an act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for taking t'r

away the Courts of Wards and Liveries, and Tenures in Capite, and by Knights Service, and Purveyance, and for; n Force for settling a Revenue upon his Majesty in lieu thereof', or by any other Law in Force relating to her Majesty's Re managing these venue of Excise upon Beer, Ale, or other Liquors, are provided, settled, or established, for managing, Duties, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, or recovering, adjudging, or ascertaining the Duties thereby granted, or any of them (other than in such Case for which other Penalties or Provisions are made and prescribed by this act) shall be exercised, practised, applied, used, and put in Execution, in and for the managing, raising, levying, collecting, mitigating, recovering, and paying the said Duties upon Gilt and Silver Wire hereby granted, during the Continuance of this act, as fully and effectually, to all Intents and Purposes, as if all and every the said Powers, Authorities, 'Rules, Directions, Methods, Penalties, Forfeitures,

Clauses, Matters and Things, were particularly repeated, and again enacted in the Body of this present Act.

LXIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Fines, Penalties and Forfeitures, AH Fines to be in relation to the said Duties by this act imposed upon Gilt and Silver Wire, shall be sued for, levied, fer as by and recovered, or mitigated, by such Ways, Means and Methods, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture is ws ot and may be recovered or mitigated by any Law or Laws of Excise, or by any action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in any her Majesty's Courts before mentioned; and that one Moiety of such Fine, Penalty and Forfeiture, relating to the said Duties on Wire (not otherwise directed by this act) shall be to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that shall discover, inform, or sue for the same.

LXVY Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Persons as shall Commissioners be in pursuance of this act appointed Commissioners for the Duties on Gilt and Silver Wire, to be made for, hef2 Duties in England, Wales, or Berwick upon Tweed, shall and may have and exercise the same or like jurisdiction,

Power and Authority, and may adjudge, determine, mitigate or order, in all Cases and Matters relating to the of said Duties on Gilt and Silver Wire arising within the Limits aforesaid, as the Commissioners of Excise up of Excise. on Beer, Ale and other Liquors, may or lawfully can exercise, adjudge, determine, mitigate or order, in the like Cases or Matters in relation to the said Duties of Excise, by any Law or Statute now in '

Force.

LXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the said During; his Act Duties upon Gilt and Silver Wire by this Act granted, no Gold or Silver Thread, Lace, Fringe, or other Tj Work made thereof, shall be imported or brought into Great Britain, upon Pain of being forfeited, and J, 0i'ted. upon the further Penalty of one hundred Pounds to be paid by the Importer for every Parcel so imported; Stef enter axe and that one Moiety of such Forfeitures shall be to the Queen, her Heirs and Successors, and the other cerxixg they Du moiety (besides Full Costs of Suit) to him or them that shall seize, inform, or sue for the same in any of 55 Ga 2 her Majesty's Courts aforesaid. zacn. 2. C 6.

LXVII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, cl pupci s f, Vf' lecled and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon every Policy of Fumucc to ply

Assurance, which shall, at any time or times within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned is. 4. d. fur 32

from the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, be made ory", s M entered into within the Cities of London or Westminster, or elsewhere within the Limits of the Weekly Bills 4

of Mortality, the Sum of two Shillings and fourpence, over and above all such Duties as are already b

chargeable upon the same, by any act or Ars of Parliament formerly made in that Behalf. f.n. $. 1.

3, 'LXVIII. And

Policies of af ifurajice defined.

of x>f the Stamps to manage ihefe Duties,

The'vellum, C to be iiamped before the afiujar.ee be written thereon.

Penalty for Writing the Assurance before damped, 501.

"no such Policy good, till 51. be paid to the Queen and the t)uty be also paid.

'ce'intcrfeiling istanrips Felony.

Concern: rg Stamp Duties, see further 12 Ann. f at. 1. C 2,

2 2 Ann. flat. 2. C g. 1.

r. 19. fest. 4s.

'() Gee. 1. c. 21.

11 Geo. 1. c. 8. t2 Geo. 1. c. 33.

9 Geo. 2. £.-32 36 g-q. 2. C 26.

These Duties to be raised as the Duties on Surrenders, cof Copyhold Lands. 30 Annae, C 19. See farther concerning A fur ttnees, 6 Geo. I, C 18. 7 Geo. I.

C 27. 11 Geo.

1. C. 30. 19 Go,

Not to extend

10 Warrants of

C 26. Anno decimo Anni Reginae. A.D. 1 71 r.

LXVIII. And be it declared and further enacted, That all Deeds, Instruments and Writings, for the Payment of i.ny Sum of Money upon the Lots of any Ship or Goods, or upon any Loss by Fire, or for any o: hcr Purpose for which any Writing, commonly called'a Policy of Assurance or Insurance, is or Hath been usually made, shall he construed, deemed and adjudged to be Policies of Assurance within this Act, and to be charged with the Duty last mentioned.

LXIX. And be it further enacted, That the same Duty upon such Policies, Deeds, Instruments, and Writings, as aforesaid, final I be under the Government of the Commissioners for the time being, appointed to manage the Duties charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to employ the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to cause one or more new Stamp or Stamps to be provided, to denote the same Duty, and to do all other Things necessary to be by them done for the putting this Act in due Execution, with relation to the same Duty.

LXX. And for the better securing the same Duty, be it further enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, upon which any such policy ball be written or printed, shall, before any Name of any Person, or any particular Daytime, or Sum of Money shall be written or printed therein, be brought to the Head Office for Ramping and marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and the same Commissioners, by themselves or their Officers, shall forthwith, upon Demand, from time to time, lamp or mark, as this Act directs, any Quantities or Parcels of such Vellum, Parchment or Paper, he or they paying the Duty hereby payable for the same, without any Fee or Reward, and without Delay; which Stamp or Mark to be put thereupon, in pursuance; of this Act, shall be a sufficient Discharge for the same Duty.

LXXI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if ar.y Person or Persons, who shall, from and afrer the Laid sir IF Day of August one thousand seven hundred and twelve, write or cause to be written, any Name of any Person, or any Daytime, or Sum of Money, in or upon such Policy of Assurance, Deed, Instrument, or Writing, as aforesaid, or sign, seal, execute, or subscribe the same, before 'the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, whereupon the same shall be printed or written, shall appear to have been so duly stamped or marked, that then every such Person so offending shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of five Pounds; the one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety thereof, with Full Costs of Suit, to such Person or Persons as shall inform and sue for the same in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, by ation of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, wherein no Essoin, Privilege, protetion, orwa.er of Law shall be allowed; and that if any such Policy of assurance shall, during the Term act mentioned, be signed, sealed, executed, or subscribed, upon Vellum, Parchment or Paper, not appearing to have been duly Ramped or marked according to Law, that 'then and in every such Case, there shall be paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors (over and above the Duties hereby payable) for every such Policy of Assurance, the Sum of five Pounds; and that no such Policy of Assurance shall be available in Law or Equity, or be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, unless as well the said Duty hereby charged, as the said Sum of five Pounds shall be first paid to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the same, under the Hand of the receiver-general for the time being of the Stamp Duties, or of his Deputy or Clerk, and until the 'Vellum, Parchment or Paper, on which such Policy of Assurance is so signed, sealed, executed, or subscribed, shall be marked or stamped according to the true Meaning hereof; and the said receiver-general, and his Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duty payable by virtue hereof, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, to give a Receipt for such Money, and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark or Ramp such Policy of Assurance with the proper Mark or Stamp requisite in that B half.

LXXII. And be it further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, at any time or times hereafter, counterfeit or forge any Stamp or Mark, to resemble any Stamp or Mark, which shall be provided, made or iifed, in pursuance of this Act, or shall counterfeit or resemble the Impression of the same, upon any Vellum, Parchment or Paper, thereby to defraud her majery, her Heirs or Successors, of the Duty hereby granted and made payable for or in respet of such Policy of Assurance, or shall utter, vend or sell any Vellum, Parchment or Paper with counterfeit Mark or Stamp thereupon, knowing such Mark or Stamp to be counterfeit; or if any Person whatsoever shall privately and fraudulently use any Stamp or Mark, which shall be provided or used in pursuance of this Act, so as thereby to defraud her Majesty, her Heirs or successors, of the duty hereby granted for such Policy of Assurance, then every such Person so offending, and being thereof convited in due Form of Law, shall be adjudged a Felon, and suffer Death as in Cases of Felony, without Benefit of Clergy.

29 Geo. 2. c. 12 & 1 & 30 Geo. 2. r. 19 32 Geo. 2. c. 35.

LXXIII. And be it further enacted, That all other Powers, Authorities, Penalties, Forfeitures, Directions, Provisions, Articles, Matters and Things, which are enacted, imposed, or contained in one other AT made in this present Session of Parliament (wherein certain other Duties are granted upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper) with relation to rite Duties thereby granted and made payable, for and in respet of any Surrender of or Admittance to any Copyhold Lands or Tenements within those Parts of Great Britain, called England, (Vales, and the Town of Benvick upon Tweed, and not hereby otherwise direted or provided for, shall be pratifed, applied, observed and executed, with relation to the said Duty on Policies of Assurance, in as full and ample Manner, as if the same, and every of them, were herein fully and particularly repeated and re cnated with relation to the same Duty hereby granted.

0 2. C 37, 21 Geo. 2. c. 4. 2.5 Geo 2. C 2 6. and 30 Geo z. C 3.

LXXIV. And be it hereby enacted and declared, That nothing in this Act, or in any other Act of Parliament passed for g anting any Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment or Paper, Rial! extend, or be 4 1 construed

C 26.

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo An northeast Regime.

585

construed to extend, to charge the said Stamp Duties, or any of them, on any Warrants cr Instruments tie chief ja which have been signed, or that hereafter shall be signed by the Chief Justices in Eyre, or by any war fiices in Ejic, den, Lieutenant, or other Officer of her Majesty's Eoreffs or Chases, or any of them, or by their (Officers, or any of them, for any Matter or Thing relating to their respective Offices.

LXXV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That every Person, who shall be appointed a Com Commissioneo missioner for all or any the Duties granted by this Act, and every subordinate Officer under such Com and Officers to missioner, who shall receive any Salary or Allowance in respect of his Office (the several Commissioners be fwora* and Officers of the Customs excepted) shall, before his acting in his respective Trufi, take an Oath for his due and faithful Execution of the same, according to this Act; which Oath shall and may be admini ffred to any such Commissioners by any other Person who shall be appointed a Commissioner, as aforesaid, and to the said Officers respectively, by any one of the said Commissioners, or by one Justice of the Peace, who shall give to the Officer a Certificate thereof gratis.

LXXV. Provided also, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Per per/ ons f0c(j up son or Persons shall at any Time or Times be filed or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or on this Act, or executed in pursuance of this Act, or of any Matter or Thing in this Act contained, or in pursuance of Leather or the said former Act (entitled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed, or Candle a as, drefjed, and upon Vellutn and Parchment, for the Term of thirty-two Tears, for prosecuting the War, and other General Iflbe her Majesty's most necessary Occasions)) if any Person or Persons now is, or hereafter shall be sued or pro9 Anna, u'i. fecuted for any Matter or Thing by him or them done in pursuance of an Act of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, For laying certain Duties on Candles, and certain Rates upon Moneys to be given with Clerks s Anns, C 9. and Apprentices, or in pursuance of an Act of the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, For granting further Anna, C g Duties on Candles, and other Duties therein mentioned, such Person or Persons shall and may plead the General91

Iilue, and give the special Matter in Evidence for his or their Defence; and if upon the Trial a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs shall become nonsuited, then such Defendant or Defendants shall have Teeble Costs to him or them awarded against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs.

LXXVII. And to the end all the said Rates and Duties upon Skins and Hides, and Pieces of Skins and Hides, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, Starch, Coffee, Tea, Drugs, Gilt and Silver Wire, Policies of Assurance, and any other Duties before by this Act granted, may be duly and certainly raised, and the same except the necessary Charges of executing this Act) may be justly and duly brought into the said Receipt of Exchequer, according to the true Meaning hereof, it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from time to, time, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be appointed such and so of many of and Officers as shall be proper and necessary for managing, raising, collecting, and and Officers to paying the said several Rates and Duties herein before granted, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts te appointed, of the same; and that the respective Commissioners and Officers concerned therein, shall perform their fe who are obe veral Duties in relation to the Premiilbs, as to them respectively shall appertain, under such and the like gv/ T C L*.C Penalties, Forfeitures, and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, 9'3' '

or misapplying any Part of the Moneys arising by the same Rates and Duties, as are prescribed and to be inflicted by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late ma jeffy King William the Third, intituled An act for raising a Sum, not exceeding two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, for the like Offence or Neglect relating to the Duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, and misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Act last mentioned.

LXXVIII. And whereas it is intended that the said several Rates and Duties upon Hides and Skins,

and Pieces of Hides and Skins, made Wares, Vellum, and Parchment, and upon Starch, Coffee, Tea,

and Drugs, and upon Gilt and Silver Wire, and the said Duties upon Policies of Assurance, and all such Sum and.sums of money as shall arise or be brought into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer, by,

upon, or for all and every or any the Rates and Duties granted by this Act, hall all together be made a ' Fund or Security for raising any Sum not exceeding eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, towards your majesty's Supply, by such Methods, and in such Manner and Form as are herein after mentioned Now we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, for and towards the raising the said Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, do further most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and 1680031, to be every Year, during the term of thirty-two Years, reckoning the first Year to begin from the nine and the yearly Fund twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, the full Sum of one hundred sixty eight fj>rc!«mrg oft thousand and three Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise by or for the said several Rates and Duties 5^ "gclpa herein before granted, or any of them, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, from time to -- 41990l. with time, in case the same shall extend to the said Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, intereii at CL shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer percent, of or for all the Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money charged, as aforesaid, shall not amount to one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds per Annum, then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same shall extend, shall be Part of the said yearly Fund of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds per Annum, for and towards the answering and paying of all and every the principal Sums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the sum.of two Millions three hundred forty-one thousand nine hundred and ninety Poupds, principal Money, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of six Pounds per Centum per Annum, as herein after is also mentioned; and in case the said Moneys by this Act appointed Deficiency to be or appropriated, as aforesaid, shall, at any Time or Times, appear to be so deficient or low in the Pro made gaol out duce of the same, as that within any one Year to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising into "g hreafi)(l^1<ito the Exchequer, for all the Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money charged, as aforesaid, shall not amount to p*uj*nt, n Vol. IV 4 F' - ' so

586 C 26. Anno decimo Annae Reginae. A.D. 1711.

so much as one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, that then, and so often, and in every such Case, so much as shall be wanting to make up the said Fund or Sum of one hundred sixty eight thousand and three Pounds, for every or any such Year, shall be supplied and made good, from time to time, by and out of the first Aid or Supply to be granted in Parliament next after such Deficiency hall appear, and shall, from time to time, be transferred thereiiiito, as soon as the same shall be granted.

any persons

LXXIX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any may be Contri Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards ad butors at 1001. vancing the aforesaid Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by paying at or before the respective Days

a Ticket. and 'jpimes by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receivers to be appointed for that Purpose,

as is herein after mentioned, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of one hundred' rounds upon this Act; and that for the raising the said Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, any Person who will become a Contributor or Adventurer, shall and may advance the Sum of one hundred Pounds, for which Sum so advanced, he, he, or they hall be intituled to receive such principal Money and the Interest thereof, and such Premiums as herein after is expressed, to be paid by and out of the said yearly Fund by this Act appointed; and that every Contributor or Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of one hundred Pounds as he, she, or they hall think fit, and for every such Sum of one hundred Pounds so advanced, he, she, or they is or are to be interested in one Lot or Share of and in the said yearly Fund times of Pay. by this Act appointed; and the same entire Sums of one hundred Pounds each, are hereby appointed to went. be paid unto such Receiver and Reveivers, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective'

'herein after mentioned (that is to fayj one fourth Part thereof, on or before the first Day of

Augustin the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve; one other fourth Part thereof, on or before the twelfth Day of September in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the four and twentieth Day of 0slober in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve; and the remaining fourth Part thereof, on or before the fifth Day of December in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve.

EXP, "The Queen to appoint Managers, who are to meet together at some public Office. Books to be proc

vided with three Columns, C Receivers to be appointed by the Lord Treasurer, C Managers to "examine the Books, and to deliver them to the Receivers, C Tickets to be delivered out. Receivers "to redeliver the Books by io sej>t. 1712. Outermost Column Tickets not disposed of to be delivered into "the Exchequer, and thence issued as cash, £s'r. and the Bearers to be esteemed Contributors. Middle "Column Tickets to be rolled up and put into a Box. Innermost to remain in the Books. There hall he "printed eighteen thousand Tickets, divided into five Classes; the firffc Classis to consist of one thousand "five hundred Tickets, upon open of which Tickets hall be writ one thousand Pounds, upon one "hundred forty and five other Tickets, two hundred Pounds, and upon the remaining orre thousand three "hundred fifty and four Tickets, one hundred and five Pounds; the second Classis to consist of two thou "five hundred Tickets, upon one of which shall be writ three thousand Pounds, upon one other two "thousand Pounds, upon one other one thousand Pounds, upon one other five hundred Pounds, upon four "other four hundred Pounds, upon five other three hundred Pounds, upon two hundred twenty and nine "other two hundred Pounds, and upon the remaining two thousand two hundred fifty and eight Tickets "shall be severally writ one hundred and ten Pounds; the third Classis to consist of three thousand and five "hundred Tickets, upon one of which shall be writ four thousand Pounds, upon one other three thou "Pounds, upon one other two thousand Pounds, upon one other one thousand Pounds, .- upon one "other five hundred Pounds, upon four other four hundred Pounds, upon five other three hundred Pounds, "upon three hundred twenty six other two hundred Pounds, and upon the remaining three thousand on "and sixty Tickets one hundred and fifteen Pounds; the fourth Classis to consist of four thousand "five hundred Tickets, upon one of which shall be writ five thousand Pounds, upon one other four L thousand Pounds, upon one other three thousand Pounds, upon one other two thousand Pounds, upon "one other one thousand Pounds, upon one other five hundred Pounds, upon four other four hundred "Pounds, upon five other three hundred Pounds, upon four hundred twenty and three other two hundred "Pounds, and upon the remaining four thousand and sixty two Tickets one hundred and twenty Pounds; "the fifth Classis to consist of six thousand Tickets, upon one of which shall be writ twenty thousand "upon one other five thousand Pounds, upon one other four thousand Pounds, upon one other "three thousand Pounds, upon one other two thousand Pounds, upon one other one thousand Pounds, "upon one other five hundred Pounds, upon four other four hundred Pounds, upon five other three hun "Pounds, upon five hundred and seventy other two hundred Pounds, and upon the remaining five "thousand four hundred and fourteen Tickets shall be writ one hundred twenty-five Pounds: Which Sums "together with five hundred Pounds to the first drawn Ticket of each respective Classis, and five hundred "Pounds to the Owner to the last drawn Ticket of each Classis, will amount to two Millions three hun "forty-one thousand nine hundred and ninety Pounds. The i Soooo Tickets to be put into five several "No Money to be received after 1 Aug. 1712. Public Notice of the Time of cutting the Tick "The Manner of drawing the Tickets. The Manner of filing the Tickets. The Manner of en "the Tickets of the several Classes. The Manner of adjusting the several Premiums. The Tickets "to be paid in such Numerical Order, as they hall be drawn, fac. The first Classis to be first paid, C "Table of the Number, Order, and Course of the Tickets, iac. to be printed. Managers to adjudge "to whom the Premiums belong. Forging Tickets Felony. Managers to make a Book of the Fortunate, "is>c. and transmit it to the Exchequer. Payments to be made quarterly. Managers to be sworn: pe-14 nalty on Officers of the Exchequer, and other Officers offending. Money lent tax free. Tickets to "be exchanged for landing Orders, How the first and second year's Interest of large Premiums hall be 4 "secured.

C 26

587

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo

Ann Reginae.

"fccitred. Orders to be paid in Course, bsy, Treasury may divide extraordinary Benefits of 2000l. or "upwards into Orders of 500l. The Moneys appropriated by this Act to be applied to pay off the Priii "cipa! and Interest. Surplus disposable by Parliament. Public noti ce to be given when (landing Or "shall become payable. Eight Pence percent, per Diem to Sept. ijiz. allowed for the first Payment. "Fourpence percent, per Diem, for the other three Payments. Receivers to take in Money before they "receive their Books. Contributor advancing one Part of the Payment, and failing in the rest, forfeits "what is paid, C Officers to be paid out of the Money arising by this Act. If Principal and Interest "fully paid off before the 32 Years, the Duties to be disposed by Parliament. Treasury to appoint a "Paymaster, Or. Assignments of Handing Orders to be regiltred."

EXP.

CVI. And for the more effectual preventing the Frauds of the Chandlers and Makers of Candles for Chandler to de sale? whereby her Majesty's Duties upon Candles are very much lessened; it further enacted by the Au clare to the ot thority aforesaid, That every Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, who, from and after the first Day of e" c'

Augiiji one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall make any Candles for Sale, shall, before he begins to n^p.ke^courie make or dip any Making or Course of Candles, declare to the Officer or Officers appointed to take an Ac o*'candles, ihe count of the same, the Number of Sticks which he designs to make at such Making or Course, and also nun fctr of the Sizes of the Candles whereof each Stick is to consist; and if such Making or Course is intended to be Sucksdefigns of Mould Candles, then such Maker shall declare to such Officer or Officers, before he begins to fill any ihethesofebe of the Paid Moulds, how many Moulds he intends to fill at such Making, and how often he intends at such candle?, and' Making to draw the said Moulds; and in case any Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, shall neglect how many or refuse to make such Declaration, as aforesaid, or shall, after such Declaration made, make any Increase Moulds ke de of his Number of Sticks, or of the Sizes of his Candles in such Making or Course, over and above the Number and Sizes so declared, as aforesaid, or in the Case of making of Mould Candles shall nil Y if fp'! greater Number of Moulds, or draw such Moulds oftener than shall be declared, as aforesaid; in case 3" any Chandler or Maker of Candles shall, after the Weighing of any Making of Candles by the Officer9 Ann. C 6. or Officers appointed to take an Account of the same, increase the Weight of such Candles so weighed, by redipping the same, or otherwise; then and in any of the said Cares, such Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit and lose the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, on Forfeiture and mitigated, by the same Ways, Means, and Methods, as any Penalty or Forfeiture can or may be re of iol. covered, levied, or mitigated, by any of the Laws of Excise, and to go one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and succdtors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same.

CVII. And be it further enat?.: d by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said first Day of nt chandleris Augvf one thousand seven hundred and twelve, no Chandler or Maker of Candles for Sale shall begin to begin a Course make any Course or Making of Candles, without Notice thereof first given to the Officer for the said Du ofcandleswith* ties, for the Place or Division where such Maker shall inhabit, to the intent that such Officer may take an oul Account of the same, unless at such Times as are herein after mentioned; that is to say, from the twenty statute houv* ninth Day of September to the twenty-fifth Day of March, yearly, between the Hours of seven in the Morn Ctncmtir* casing and five in the Evening; and from the said twenty-fifth Day of March to the twenty-ninth Day of Sep des, see jartlxr tember, yearly, between the Hours of five in the Morning and seven in the Evening; upon Pain, that 11 Vs. a. every such Chandler or Maker of Candles, doing contrary hereunto, shall forfeit and lose, for every such z' j

Offence, the Sum of ten Pounds, to be recovered, levied, mitigated, and distributed, as is last before "3

mentioned.

CVIII. And whereas, by an act made in the seventh Year of her present Majesty, intituled An act 7 Anai, C 1

for ascertaining and directing the Payments of the Allowances to be marie for cr upon tbs Exportation from Scotland of Fiji), Beef and Pork, cured with Foreign Salt, imported before the first Day of May one thousand seven hundred and fevtn; and for dis posing of such Salt fill remaining in the Hands of her Majesty's Subjects there; and for ascertaining and fe curing the Allowances for Fish and Flesh exported and to le exported from

Scotland for the future; it is among!? other Things enabled. That the Allowances therein granted hall

paid and satisfied out of any her Majesty's Duties arising upon Salt in Scot Hid, or out of the Revenues

of Customs and Excise in Scotland, or any of them, with Preference to all other Payments whatsoever to

be made out of the same, the Charge of raising and managing those Revenues, and the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges, allowed or to be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Court of Session and Justiciary, and the Exchequer Court in Scotland, always excepted and foreprized:

And whereas since the Union the Expense of keeping up the said Courts could no otherwise be provided for there than out of the jautics of Customs and Excise; Doubts, may arise upon the Provisions made Yjj

by the Abl above recited for that purposefor obviating and preventing of all such Doubts, be it encourt of acted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Fees, Salaries, and other Charges, allowed or to be allowed by sfi]nn, jfcc. in her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for keeping up the Conns of Session, and Justiciary, and Exchequer scot.ami, to bi Court of Scotland, are and may be chargeable upon any Parts of the said Customs and Excise, preferable m ts« to all other Payments whatsoever, the Charge of Management excepted, but so as not any \\ ays to prevent any Application of the Excrescence out of the said Customs and Excise appointed by any former t.

Laws. C 20. 5. r.

CIX. And whereas notwithstanding the Provision made for suppressing of unlawful Lotteries, by an cloll e trui ' A, bl made in the tenth Year of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act for fitpprfhig poking onkw of Lotteries; and the further Provision made for suppressing the same, and for the preventing the erecting full L ticiiir,

or setting up any Office or Place, for making Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings, or Service, Jnii oltc' Ue': - ' by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and appro jt^the line printing certain Duties upon several Commodities to be exported, and certain Duties upon Goals to be vsaterborn IO fc'u ' and carried Ccqftvjij'e; and for granting further Duties upon Candles for thirty-two Tears; to raisi fifteen., i7.

4 F 2 " 'hundreda, C 4.

588 C 26. Anno ckcimo Anns Reginas, A.D. 1711.

See farther, ' hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven; C Geo 1. C 9. ' and for Juppressing of such unlavjful Lotteries, and such Insurance Offices, as are therein mentioned; many ill

Ua. 45. S Geo. 4 disposed Persons, with Design to evade the said Laws, have of late presumed to erect and setup Offices 1. C 2. jest. 36. < or Places for making Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings, or Service, and also other Offices or 6 Gci. 2! o V'Places under the Denominations of Sales of Gloves, of Sans, of Cards, of Numbers, and of the queen's p.ci'j.l.f.ss. ' Picture, for the Improvement of small Sums of Money; and Advertisements thereof are daily published i jgi'i. 2. C 19.*in the common printed Mews Papers, and otherwise; which Practises are prejudicial to the Public, and 21. 4 to the Trade of this Kingdom, and tend to defraud her Majesty's subjects be it further enacted by the jut. 16. Authority aforesaid, That the said Act of the tenth Year of the late King wilx.iam, and also the said Act

of the said last Session of Parliament, shall be duly put in Execution for the effectual preventing and suppressing all such unlawful.lotteries and Offices; and further, That every Person or Persons who, after the twenty-fourth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall erect, setup, or keep any Office or Place, for making Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings, or Service, or on any of them, or any other Office or Place, under the Denominations of Sales of Gloves, of Sans, of Cards, of Numbers, of the queen's Picture, for the Improvement of small Sums of Money, or the like Offices or Places, under the Pretence of improving small Sums of Money, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of five hundred Pounds, to be recovered with Costs of Suit by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint, or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts aforesaid, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, nor any more than one Imparlance shall be allowed; one third Part thereof to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, one other third Part thereof to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of the Place where the Offence shall be committed, and the other third Part thereof, together with Full Costs of Suit, to the Person or Persons who shall inform or sue for the same: And every Printer or other Person, who, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall, by Writing or Printing, publish the setting up or keeping any such Office or Place under any the Denominations aforesaid, or like Denominations, for the Improvement of small Sums of Money, shall, for every such Offence, forfeit the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and distributed in such Manner as the Penalty last mentioned is to be recovered and distributed; every Person or Persons who, after the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in any Office or Place, before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, erected or setup for making Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings, or Service, or under any other the Denominations aforesaid, or any like Denominations, for Improvement of small Sums, shall make or suffer to be made therein, any new Insurances or Contrasts for new Insurances on Marriages, Births, Christnings, or Service, or receive any Payments into any the Offices or Places aforesaid, forlmprovement of small Sums of Money, shall forfeit, for every such Offence, the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered and distributed in like Manner.

Provisofor Of CX Provided nevertheless, That the Offices or Places erected under the Denominations aforesaid, 'setup or used before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, may be wiv. uns continued after the said twenty-fourth Day o June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for making good and executing only such Contrasts therein respectively made before the said twenty-fourth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, as they might have been continued if this Act had not been made; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

Cake Sope or 4 CXI. And whereas by the said Act for laying new Duties on Sope (amongst other Things therein rnen

e^lls°penoj: ' tioned) it is required, That all Sope to be made during the Term thereby granted, shall, upon the ma

putintoca/ko ' king thereof, be put by the Maker into such Calks as are thereby prescribed, and none other, under the to annre^c. 19. ' Penalty therein expressed; 'is hereby declared, That the same shall not be construed to extend to hard §.3.'Cake Sope, or Ball hope; anything in that Act to the contrary notwithstanding.

Clause in Fa ' cxlf. And whereas in pursuance of an Act of Parliament of the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign, vcmrofmary intituled, An Act for granting to her Majesty new Duties of Excise, and upon several imported Commadi s Annaf'c*tles»an for istablishing a yearly Fund thereby, and by other tv ays and Means, to raise nine hundred thousand J " X C 7- 4 Pounds by Sale of Annuities, and in Default thereof by another Lottery, for the Service of the Year one thou

C sand seven hundred and ten; Mary Raven ell. Widow, became Purchaser of an Annuity of eighteen Pounds per Annum, and paid into the Receipt of the Exchequer the three first Payments, according to the said Act, hut by Mistake of her Agent, one Moiety only of the fourth and last Payment was paid, and twenty-five Pounds remaining of the said last Payment is yet unpaid, and by Means thereof the said Mary

Ravenell cannot have an Order for Payment of the said Annuity, in pursuance of the said Act; 'Be it

therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the several and respective Officers at the Receipt of the Exchequer, to receive from the said Mary Ravenell, for her Majesty's Use, the Sum of twenty-five Pounds, so omitted to be paid, as aforesaid, and upon the Receipt, thereof, to levy such Talley for the said Money, and to make out such Order for the Payment of the said Annuity of eighteen Pounds per Annum, as they respectively might have done., in case the said fourth and

last Payment had been duly paid according to the Directions of the said Act the said Act, or anything therein contained, to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.

10 Anna;, C 22. 4 CXIII. And whereas by an Act passed this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the Re

lies of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, Prize Cocoa of the Growth or Produce of So

reign Plantations, not belonging to her Majesty or her Subjects, taken in America, is to pay only such Duties and Customs as the same would pay if it were of the Growth and Produce of the Plantations be longing to the Crown of Great Britain; on which a Doubt is made by the Officers of her Majesty's. 4 Customs, what Duties and Customs such Prize Cocoa is to pay, there not being any Customs imposed 011 4 Cocoa of the Growth or Produce of her Majesty's Plantations, but on Cocoa imported from the same Prize Cocoa For Remedy thereof, be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all Prize Cocoa of the brought from Growth or Produeeef such Foreign Plantations, not belonging to the Crown of Great Britain, taken in sire flirtations 2 Americat

A.D. 1ju.

Anno decimo ann fi Regina.

C 26. °5§9

America, now in Warehouses under the queen's Locks, or on Board any Ship or Ships, Vessel or Vessels, now imported, or that hereafter shall be imported, into any Part of Great Britain, having proper Certificates to prove the same being Prize, according to the Meaning of the said Act for the Relief of Merchants importing Prize Goods from America, shall be subject and liable to no other Duties than what such Prize Cocoa was liable and subject to pay by her Majesty's Declaration made in Favour of the Captors of Prizes, dated the seventeenth Day of May one thousand seven hundred and three; anything in the said Actor any other Act, to the contrary notwithstanding

& 4 Geo. 2. c. 15. 5 Geo. 2. c. 7, & 9. 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. S Geo. 2. c. 19. 12 Geo. 2. c. 30. j5 Geo. 2. C i & 14 Geo.

29 Geo. 2. c. 5, £? 35, 30 gco. 2. C 9.

charged. Concerning 'Plant attonne, see further Geo. IC. 11. 8 Geo. "i, C 12, (y 15.

33 Geo. 1. c. 5, 3 Geo. 2. c. 12, 2. i, & 53.

CXIV. And whereas by the Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, Chute concern

-; and for erecting a Garth Fishery; for Liberty to edt be

entitled. An Act for making good Deficiencies, and Satisfying, the Public Debts; and for erecting a Cor jfs* poration to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for Encouragement of the Fishery; for Liberty to ed obj j((ben trade in umvrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and to repeal the Aits for regijlring of Seamen; re bed into the

citing the rein, that Part of the Debt of the Navy is ascertained by Tickets made out for Wages due South Sea com to Seamen, and others, who served on board any of her Majesty's Ships) the Commissioners of the panj'> byviitue Navy are thereby required to cause an exact and true Account to be made up and delivered to the of ° Annie'

Lord High Treasurer, of all the said Tickets made out on or before the twenty-fifth Day of March one cm.

1 thousand seven hundred and eleven; and so much Money as the said Tickets should amount unto, are, by \erj.rg South the said recited Act, directed to be deducted (among other Things therein mentioned) out of the several Sea Company,

Sums therein before computed to be the Debt of the Office of the Navy, Victualling, Transport and ia Ann. C a.

Ordnance, in order to ascertain the same, to be subscribed into the Joint Stock of the said Company, for ( j 2u

the Use of the Public; and the said Tickets are, by the said recited Act, directed to be subscribed, ad*' mitted, and taken into the Joint Stock of the said Company for the respective Sums due upon the same tcl'i, C 4/ ' respectively, with such Interest as in the said recited Act is mentioned: And whereas the Tickets made £? u. 7 G ">.

out for Wages due to Seamen, and others, who served on board any of her Majesty's Ships, do only af ' 5- 7 Get. ' certain the Time such Persons served on board any of her Majesty's Ships, but not the Wages or Money \ C j,

due to them, so that such Account cannot be made out as the said recited Act directs Be it therefore esll'. o' Ga. I. enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no more or other of of the said Tickets shall be subscribed, ad 6. j Geo. 2. mitted, or taken into the Joint Stock of the said Company than have been already subscribed, admitted, C Geo. 2. and taken thereinto; and that all the Tickets made out, or to be made out for such Service, as aforesaid C I & -° (except such of them as are already subscribed, admitted, and taken into the Joint Stock of the said Com*5'

pany) shall and may be paid in such Method and Manner as the same might or should be paid if they had J 1. 25,

not been directed by the said recited Act to be subscribed, admitted, and taken into the Joint Stock of the ©28. y Geo. i. said Company; and that there shall and may be subscribed into the Joint Stock of the said Company, for C i79g10.2. the Use of the Public, such Sum or Sums as might or should have been subscribed for the Use of the Puc 34* 10 Gc0' blick, if the said Tickets had not by the said recited Act been directed to be subscribed, admitted, and taken Z'Q C into the Joint Stock of the said company; anything in the said recited Act to the contrary notwithstanding: jcj. 60.

And all the Stock which shall be subscribed into the said Joint Stock of the said Company, for the Use of the 24 Geo. 2. c. 2, Public, shall be applicable and applied, and are hereby appropriated to such Uses, as by the said recited "

Act is directed, for and concerning the Stock to be subscribed into the said Company, for the Use of 26geo. 2. C 16. the Public.

CXV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, for the Indemnity of such Persons, who clause to in through Neglect or Inadvertency, have omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties upon Moneys given, demnify those paid, or contracted for with Apprentices, and to have the Indentures or Contracts stamped within the who have omit times for those Purposes respectively limited by the Acts of Parliament in that Case made; That upon Pay j fa>'the ment of the respective Rates and Duties so omitted or neglected to be paid, as aforesaid, on or before the "."n'cwn " twenty-ninth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, to such prcni' C Person or Persons to whom the same ought to have been paid, and tendring to be stamped such Indentures or Contracts so omitted to be stamped, on or before the twenty fifth Day of December in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, the same Indentures orcontradis shall be good and available in Law or Equity, and the Apprentices therein named shall be capable of following and exercising the respective intended Trades or Employments, as fully as if the Rates and Duties, so omitted, had been duly paid within the respective Times in the said Acts of Parliament limited; and the Persons who have incurrea any Penalty by the Omissions aforesaid, are hereby acquitted and discharged of and from the said Penalty; anything in the said Acts contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXVI. And be it enacted bj the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys lent, and to be lent to her cj: rf Majesty upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to propriatln of" be raised by a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve; the several and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Sums granted Loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and this selon the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for the raising the said Tax, filial 1 be satisfied, or 10 Arnre> C* sufficient shall be reserved, to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent, or to be lent unto her Majesty, upon another Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for charging and continuing the 10 Anns, C 3, Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and tvjelve; and for applying Part of the Coinage Duties to pay the Deficiencies of the Value of Plate coined, and to pay for recoining the old Money in Scotland; and so much Money of the said Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made, or to be made upon that Actor thereby transferred, or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charge thereby allowable for the raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be: satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be

referyed

C 26.

Anno decimo anne Regina;

A.D. 1711.

refeived to discharge the same; and all the Moneys of the Dedudlioti of two and a half per Centum, which has been, or ought to be made from the Pay, Subsidies, or other Allowances for Foreign Forces in her Majesty's Service, for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve; and all the Moneys of the Sum of one Million eight hundred thousand Pounds, arisen, or to arise by another al of this Sclhon of Parliament, to Ann, C 19. intituled, An Act for laying several Duties upon all Sopc and Paper made, in Great Britain, or imported into the same, and upon chequered and jlripcd Linens imported, and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens, and Stuff's, printed, painted, or Jlained; and upon several Kinds off stampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets, and Advertisements; for raffing the Sum off one Million eight hundred thousand Pounds 'byway off a Lottery towards her Majestffs Stiffly, and for licensing an additional Number off Hackney Chairs; and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better ffecuring her Majesty's Duties to arise in the Office for the Stamp Duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lojl Exchequer Bills, or Lottery Tickets; and for borrowing. Money upon Stock f Part of the Capital off the South Sea Company) for the tjfe off the Public; oyer and above the Allowances for Prompt Payment, and other Allowances directed by the al last mentioned; and all the Moneys which, over and above the Allowances for Prompt Payment, and other Allowances directed by this present Act, shall arise of or for the said Contributions, not exceeding the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds in this Act mentioned; shall be appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents, and Purposes herein after expressed, '(that is to say) For or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages, Wear and Tear, and other Services of the Navy, and Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, and for Sea Service in the Ordnance, performed and to be performed, so as all the Mues to be made out of the said Aids or Supplies for all the said Naval or Marine Services, do not in the whole exceed two Millions two hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, over and above the Money to be made good to the South Sea Company, as is herein after mentioned; and for or towards maintaining the Body of forty thousand Men, which was raised to act in Conjunction with the Forces of her Majesty's Allies; and for and towards maintaining the additional Forces of ten thousand Aden, which were taken into her Majesty's Service in the Year one thousand seven hundred and three, in the Low Countriesand for or towards maintaining a further Number of additional Forces in the Low Countries in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, not exceeding fifteen thousand one hundred seventy eight men, to be continued upon Condition that the States General of the United Provinces do agree to add to such additional Forces the Proportion of three Fifths to two Fifths, so as all the Ifllies to be made out of the said Aids or Supplies for all the said Forces, and additional Forces before mentioned, do not in the whole exceed one Million three hundred twenty-four thousand seven hundred and twenty-eight Pounds eighteen Shillings and seven Pence; and for or towards defraying the Charge of the British? and other Forces in her Majesty's Pay in Spain for one Quarter of a Year, from Christmas one thousand seven hundred and eleven to Ladyday one housand seven hundred and twelve; and for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of the Charge of the War in Spain for three Quarters of a Year, from Lady Day one thousand seven hundred and twelve to Christmas one thousand seven hundred and twelve; foasall the Issues to be made out of the said Aids or Supples for the aforesaid Charges of the Forces and War in Spain, do not in the whole exceed four hundred seventy five thousand three hundred and eighty-five Pounds seven Shillings and eight Pence Farthing; and for or towards defraying her Majesty's Proportion of the Pay. Subsidy, and other Charges for carrying on the War in Portugal for the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, not exceeding in the whole one hundred ninety six thousand four hundred fifty-two Pounds fourteen Shillings and ten Pence, out of the said Aids or Supplies; and for or towards the Charge of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance for Land Service, performed and to be performed, not to exceed in the whole one hundred sixteen thousand four hundred and eleven Pounds seventeen Shillings and one Penny, out of the same Aids or Supplies, including the Fortifications of Edinburgh Castle, Fort William, and Dumbarton Castle in Scotland; and for or towards the Charge, not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, for building a Church at Rotterdam, wherein Divine Service is celebrated after the Usage of the Church of England, for the Benefit of her Majesty's Subjects there; and for or towards the Pay of the Plorfe, Foot and Dragoons in Great Britain, and of nine independent Companies; and for or towards the Pay of the Garrisons in Great Britain; and for or towards the Pay of the General Officers for the Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, and for or towards the Payment of Contingencies for the Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain; so as all the Issues to be made out of the said Aids or Supplies for the Pay of the said Horse, Foot and Dragoons in Great Britain, and of the said nine independent Companies, and for the said Garrisons, General Officers, and Contingencies, in Great Britain, do not in the whole exceed five hundred fourteen thousand one hundred and forty one Pounds fourteen Shillings and five Pence three Farthings; ami for or towards her Majesty's Proportion of Subsidies payable pursuant to Treaties made and to be made with her Majesty's Allies, not to exceed in the whole three hundred twenty-eight thousand nine hundred fifty six Pounds six teen Shillings and seven Pence, out of the sail Aids or Supplies; and for or towards the Charge of transporting Land Forces, performed and to be performed, not to exceed eight thousand Pounds, out of the said Aids or Supplies; and for or towards making good the Deficiencies of the Grants in Parliament for the Year one thousand seven hundred and eleven, not to exceed in the whole five' hundred eighty tiine thousand eight hundred thirty-nine Pounds seventeen Shillings and fourpence, out of the Aids and Supplies aforesaid; for or towards defraying several extraordinary Charges, not exceeding in the whole two hundred forty-three thousand and twenty Pounds seventeen Shillings and sixpence, relating to the War, incurred and to be incurred; and for or towards Satisfaction of the Sum of three thousand five hundred Pounds for Salaries; and any Sum not exceeding two thousand five hundred Pounds, for Payment of Clerks and other Charges to be allowed without Account to the seven Commissioners, continued by an Act of this Session of Parliament, for Hating the Accounts of all the public Moneys; and any further Sum nt exceeding three thousand five hundred Pounds, for Salaries of such Commissioners, are

Orutnary of the Navy.

sea Service in the Ordnance.

la nd Forces to act with those of the Allies.

Additional Forces in the Low countries.

British and other forces in Spain.

Charge of the war in Spain.

Charge of the War in Portu -- ga.

ordnance for Land Service, &c.

Building a Church at Rotterdam.

Forces, Scz. in Croat Britain.

'suhfuues put suant to Treaties.

Tiransport ser v.ce.

nighty in the former Edition. Deficiencies for £hc Year 1711. Extraordinaries of the War. Salaries.

Clerks, C to the commis ifioners of ac <£unt*«

Anno decimo anne Regins.

C 27, 28. 591

are or shall be i'mpowered by any Act of this Session of Parliament, to state and determine the Debts of Commissioners the Army; and also any Sum not exceeding one thousand Pounds, to be received without Account, for the f fvmr gthe incident Charges of the said Commissioners relating to the Service last mentioned, and to none other Uses, ^jsv° 1 e Intents and Purposes whatsoever - _ 'ti.cir inu

CXVII. Provided always, That out of the Moneys to be issued to the Guards and Garrisons, as afore dent Charges, said, there shall and may be taken and applied any Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred Soldiers for Seai twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, towards the Charge of maintaing the Soldiers raised and to be raised Service, for the Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; and out of the Moneys to be issued for the Service of the Navy and Sea Service, as aforesaid, there shall and may be taken and applied such Sums as, together with the said Sum not exceeding eighty seven thousand one hundred twenty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, shall be necessary for the Charge of maintaining the said Soldiers for Sea Service, with their Officers, and the contingent Charges thereunto belonging; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

cxvtif. Provided also, and it is hereby enabled and declared, That no Appropriation; or other Matter "No approptis. or Thing in this Act contained, shall obstruct or hinder any Payment or Payments which, by or in pursuance tion to obiirua* of an Act made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good deficiencies, soy Payment by and satisfying the public Debts; and fior erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and Navy" to °' for the Encouragement of the Fificry; and for Liberty to trade in unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain; and mzke good de to repeal the Acts for registring Seamen, and of her Majesty's Charter grounded thereupon, areor shall be required ficiercics to the and authorised to be made by the treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy for the time being, 'or by any other souih seacor persons to be intrufred with the public Moneys for the Service of the navy, out of such public Moneys,

Tailies, Orders, or Parliamentary Securities in their Hands or power respectively, as are or shall thereby be a

charged or chargeable to make good any Deficiency or Deficiencies to the Corporation erected in pursuance of the Act last mentioned, called by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great'

Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery, or to their Treasurer for their Use; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CXIX. Provided also, and it is hereby enacted, That so much Money as, before the first day ofdeficiencies on one thousand seven hundred and twelve, shall be deficient to complete the quarterly payments incurred bethe Annuities sore that Time for or upon the Annuities, amounting to eighty thousand Pounds per Annum, settled by 6 Anne cone Act of Parliament made and passed in the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign; and so much Money as ^vthe' na shall be deficient to complete the Quarterly Payments incurred or to incur at any Quarter Day, on or be bade Moneys, " fore the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for or upon the Annuities, C amounting to forty thousand Pounds per Annum, settled by another Act of Parliament made and passed in the said sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, shall and maybe supplied out of any public Money that is 6 anna:, C 5., or shall he in the Exchequer, not appropriated to particular Uses by any former or other Act or Acts of Parliament; and in Default thereof, the same Deficiencies, or fa much thereof as shall remain unpaid out of such public Money, shall and may be completed and made good out of any Money that is or shall be in the Exchequer, of the Aids or Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, and hereby appropriated for Services relating to the War; as aforesaid; same Appropriations, or any of them, to the contrary not

CAP. XXVII.

An Act for making effectual such Agreement as shall be made between the Royal African Company of England and their Creditors.

Two third Parts or more of the Creditors of the African Company, their Executors, &c. may, before Dec. 20. 1712. allow them Time for Payment of their Debts; and such Agreements shall bind the rest of the Creditors. Such Agreements by Guardians, &c. shall. bind In -- fants, &c. Saving Debts due to the Crown before 1 June 1712.

EXP.

CAP. XXVIII.

An Act for continuing the Trade and Corporation Capacity of the united east-india Company, although their Fund should be redeemed.

WHEREAS in and by an Act made made in the ninth Year of the Reign of our late Sovereign9& IO 3 -- Lord King William the Third, of glorious Memory, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum fl.

exceeding two Millions, upon a Fvni for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of eight Pounds, per Centum cil..'4 per anr.um, and for settling the Trade to the East Indies, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, Thaty. 3, & 17,

the Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, arising by the several Duties upon. Salt,

and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, in the said Act mentioned, should be applied for the paying of Annuities of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, to such Persons or Corporations as should subscribe and pay the Sum of two Millions of Money, upon the Terms of the said Act; and that the Persons and Corporations, who should so subscribe and pay the said Moneys, should have the foie Trade

tothz East Indies, and the other Places mentioned in the said Act, subject nevertheless to a Proviso or Condition of being redeemed by Parliament at any Time upon three Years Notice after the nine and i 4 twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and eleven, upon Repayment of the said two

Millions, and of the Arrears of the said Annuities of eight Pounds per Centum, in the Manner directed by the said Act: And it was by the said Act likewise provided. That his said late Majesty might consti.

tote

592 C 2 8.

Anno decimo anne Regime.

A.D. 1711.

Recital of the at 6 Anns, C 17.

1 tuts a Corporation to trade with a Joint Stock to the said East Indies, with such Powers and Authorities,

and under such Limitations as in the said Act are for that Purpose set forth; and his said late Majesty did,

in pursuance of the said Act, by his Letters Patents under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his Reign, constitute a Corporation or Body Politic, by the Name of The English Company trading to the East Indies, with such Benefit of Trade, Powers, Privileges and Advantages, and subject to such Restrictions, Conditions and Agreements, as are in the said Letters Patents set forth: And whereas, in and by one other Act made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty's rein, intituled, An Act for a [faring to the English Company trading to the East Indies, on Account of the United Stock, a longer Time in the fund and Trade therein mentioned; and for raising thereby the Sum of one Million two hundred thousand Pounds, for carrying on the war, and other her Majesty's Occasions, it was enacted, That upon Payment to her Majesty of the Sum of one Million two hundred thousand Pounds, at the Times, and upon the Terms, in the said Act mentioned, they the said English Company trading to the East Indies, now called The United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, should such further Time and Interest in the said Fund and Trade to the Ecfl Indies, as in the last mentioned Act is particularly set forth, but subject to the Proviso or Condition of Redemption in the said last mentioned Act, and herein set forth 5 that is to say, it was thereby declared and enacted, That at any Time upon three Years Notice, after the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be In the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twenty six, upon the Expiration of the said three Years, and upon Repayment by Parliament, as well of the said Sum of two Millions then before advanced, as of the said Sum of one Million two hundred thousand Pounds then to be advanced, and since advanced and paid, accordingly, making in the whole three Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, and of all Arrears which, at the End of the said three Years, shall be due for and upon the said Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, then and from thenceforth, as well the said Duties upon Salt, as the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and also the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds, and all the Corporations erected in pursuance of the said Acts, or the Benefit of Trade granted by them, or by any Charters made in pursuance thereof, should absolutely cease and determine Now to the Intent that the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, may be the better incouraged to proceed in their Trade, and to make such lasting Settlements for the Support and Maintenance thereof for the Benefit of the british Nation, may it please your Majesty, at the bumble Petition of the said United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East thlaftprev/edin nes, t^lat may be enacted; be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Act for Re Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af demption of the sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the last mentioned Proviso for Redemption and Determination of the said several Duties yearly Fund, Annuities, Corporations, and Benefit of Trade, shall be and is hereby repealed, and made void; and that the said Duties upon Salt, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment. and Paper, and the Duty of five Pounds in the hundred charged by the said Acts upon Goods imported from the East Indies, shall continue, and the said United Company of Merchants of England, trading to the East Indies, and their Successors, shall have and enjoy the said yearly Sum of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds per Annum, or such Part thereof as they now are or hereafter shall be intituled unto, and all the Benefit of Trade, Franchises, Privileges, and Profits, and Advantages whatsoever, in respect thereof given and granted, or intended to be given or granted unto them by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or by the said Charter of the fifth Day of September in the tenth Year of his said late majesty's Reign, or by the said Act of the sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, or by any of them, freed and discharged of and from the said former Proviso or Condition of Redemption contained in the said last recited Act, and all other provisoes, Powers, Acts, Matters or Things, heretofore had, made, done or committed, for redeeming, determining, or making void the said Duties, 17 yearly Fund, Benefit of Trade, Franchises, Privileges, Profits and Advantages, or any of them, subject nevertheless to the Restrictions, Covenants and Agreements, in the said recited Acts, and Letters Patents, or any of them contained, now in force, and also subject to the general Provisoes or Condition of Redemption herein after contained; that is to say, Provided always, and it is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time, upon three Years Notice after the five and twentieth Day of March, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-three, and upon Repayment by Parliament as well of the salt! Sum of two Millions, as of the said Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds, making in the whole three Millions two hundred thousand Pounds, unto such Companies,

Duties on Salt, C repealed, and the said Du ties shall conti

And the east-india Company shall enjoy the yearly Sum of 3 6o, oco 1. C discharged of the said Condition.

9 & 10 V 3. C 44.

6 Anna, C

Proviso that on 3 Years Notice after 25 March 1733. and on Re].

]. and Persons, as shall be then intituled thereto, and of all Arrears which, to the End of the and 1, 200, 0001, said three Years, shall be due for or upon the said yearly Fund of one hundred and sixty thousand Pounds and all ai reais per amm?n, then and from thenceforth the said Duties upon Salt, and the said Duties upon stamped Vellum, due on the said parcivrnfnt and Paper, and the said Yearly Fund of one hundred and lixtv thousand Pounds, shall ahfo imalt lately cease dud determine.'

Duties on Sale, C shall determine. Farther Provisions relating to East India Cowparyi 5 Geo. 3. c. 21, 7 Geo. 1. c. 5, & 21, 9Gio\ I. C 26, 3 Geo. 2,

C 14, & 20, 12 Geo. C 22* 17 Geo. 2. c. 17, 27 Geo. 2. C g. 1 Geo. 3. c. 14.

A.D. 1711 Anno decimo Anni Reginae.

C 29> 3°* 593,

CAP. XXIX.

atia& for better ascertaining and securing the Payments to be made to her Majesty for Goods and Merchandizes to be imported from the East Indies, and other Places within the Limits of the Charter granted to the East India Company.

WHEREAS the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the' East Indies, do yearly q V 5. r. import great Quantities of Goods, the Species and Quantities whereof cannot be known, nor due 6t. 3»

Entries made, so as to ascertain the Customs, without having them first landed and examined, to bring

the Contents thereof into a Method fit for the Computation of the Custotns and other Duties payable for the same; for which Reason it hath been the constant Practice of all Companies trading to the Eafi In

dies, to enter and land their Goods and Merchandizes by Bills at Sight, or Sufferance, and to give Secu rity for Payment of the Customs, and other Duties thereof, at two six Months Time from the Importa tion: And whereas foine Doubts have lately arisen concerning the Legality of the Laid Practice Be it therefore enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and c011 sent of the Lords Spiritual "and Temporal, 'and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That it shall and may be lawful for the find Company, and their succc ffors, East India Coniw from time to time, 'to enter such Goods as are or shall be imported by thernat the customhouse by Bills at p.my may enter Sight, or Sufferancej and to give security under their. Common Seal for the Payment of the Customs, and the Goods they, other Duties laid, or to be laid, upon all such Goods as are rated in the Book of Rates, and upon Coffee, !ljn; °rj1'ttya3jlle which is to be ?Renamed by the Gath of the Importer, videlicet, for the Payment of one half Part thereof givjsecurity at the End of six Calendar Months next after the time within which the Report of the Master or purfcr for Payment of of the Ship, in which they shall be imported, shall or ought to have been made, and for the Payment of the the c»ftomr, other Half Part thereof, at the End of twelve Calendar Months next after the time within which such Report shall or ought to be made, as aforesaid; the Commissioners and principal Officers of the Customs. hereby authorised and required to grant to thd said Company such Bills at Sight, or Sufferance, and take such Security as aforesaid, and to make them such Allowances and Deductions as are to be made to other Merchants, paying their Customs and other Duties at or before the landing of their Goods.

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That this Act, or anything Not to alter that'r therein contained, shall not extend, or be confirmed to extend, to alter the Method or Manner of paying the Manner of pay duties of fifteen percent, on Muffins and Calicoes, or the Duties upon another Goods, which are to be ing appertained by Sale at the Candle.'seevtcrf

to lit foregoing Cispter, amvfonccrning India Goods, see further 7 Geo. 1. c. 7, & il. 10 Geo. X C II9 Geo. 2. c. 4. 3 5 2w c' J .»

CL P. XXX

An Act for continuing the Trade to the South Seas, granted by an Act of the last Section of "

Parliament, although the Capital Stock of the said Corporation should be redeemed.

rhereas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, 9 Annse, C iu*.

An Act for making good Deficiencies, and fiatisfiying the public Debts; and for erecting a Corporation

and

thoni and seven hundred and sixteen, upon Repayment by Parliament of the principal Sum of which the'

Capital Stock of the Company, which was intended to be established by virtue of the said Act, should,

for the time being, consist, and of all Arrears of the Annuities or yearly Payments therein mentioned, or by Payment thereof by and out of the Surplus Moneys of the Fund settled by the said Act for Payment of the said Annuities to the said Company, then all the Impositions and Duties thereby granted or appro priated, should or might he disposed of by Parliament, and the yearly Fund therein mentioned, and the Annuities issuing out of the same, shall absolutely cease and determine; and her Majesty, by Letters Pa ' tent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date the eighth Day of September one thousand seven,

'hundred and eleven, grounded on the said Act of Parliament, hath incorporated all and every the Person and Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who then were or should be interested in, or intituled unto any the Bills, Tickets, Debentures, Certificates, or other public Debts,

5 Deficiencies, or Sums of Money, intended to be provided for by that Act, and all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, who as Executors, Administrators, Successors, or Assigns, or by any other lawful Title derived, or to be derived from, by, or under the original Proprietors, at any' Time or Times, should have and he intituled to any Part, Share, or Interest of or in the yearly Fund, by the first Act settled, so long as they respectively should have any Part, Share, or Interest therein, to be.

one Body Politic and Corporate, by the Name of The Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Bri

trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America, and for encouraging the Fishery; by that Name to have perpetual Succession, with such Powers, Privileges, and Advantages, as in the said Charter

are mentioned, subject nevertheless to the Condition or Power of Redemption in the said Act: expressed, as by the said Act of Parliament and Charter may respectively appear: And whereas some Doubts, have arisen, or may arise, concerning the Power of Redemption intended by the said Act and Charter which i might tend to discourage the said Company in expending such large Sums of Money as are necessary to be

Anno decimo Anni Reginae.

A.D. 1711.

O i One Year's Notice after 25

: principal Sum of which the Company's Stock shall then

expended for making new Settlements within the Limits of their Charter, and settling a Trade there, for the future Benefit of Great Britain: 'For Explanation whereof, Be it therefore, enadbed and declared by Repayment t'lc queen's rnolb Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and tem of the principal poral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That at any Time upon one year's Notice, after the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and sixteen, upon Repayment by Parliament of the said principal Sum, of which the Capital Stork of the said Company shall, for the Time being, confill, and of all Arrears of the Annuities and yearly Payments arreari'&o^the aforesaid, or by Payment thereof by and out of the Surplus Money of the Funds settled by the said Adb, Duties granted for Payment of the said Annuities to the said Company, then all the Impositions and Duties by the said by the recited Adb granted or appropriated, shall and may be disposed of by Parliament; and the said yearly Fund, and Act may bedif t]]c ja; j Annuities out of the same, shall cease and determine: But that the said Corporation by the Name aforesaid, after such Redemption of the said yearly Fund, shall continue for ever, and have perpetual But the Corpo Succession, and shall hold and enjoy all Sorts, Fadbories and Acquisitions that they shall eredb, establish, ration shall con and make within the Limits prescribed by the said Adb and Charter, and the Lands, Tenements and he tinue for ever, reditaments, that shall be by them purchased in Great Britain, not exceeding one thousand Pounds per and enjoy all Annum, and the Members thereof, without having any Share or Interest in the yearly Fund so to be re f01 is, C deemed, shall have and be intituled to have the foie Benefit of Trade in and to the South Seai, and elsewhere, and such Power of Trade in the Fishery, as by the said Adb is directed, and all other Benefits, Powers, Privileges and Advantages (the Annuities issuing out of the said yearly Fund only excepted) as if no such Redemption were had or made; and from and after such Redemption of the said yearly Fund, all Persons having any Share or Interest in the Money or Stock paid into or gained by the said Company, to carry on the Trade of the said Company, shall be, and be deemed Members of the said Company, and be intituled to all the Benefits, Profits, Privileges and Advantages thereof, in Proportion to their respective Parts and Shares in the said Money or Stock, that is or shall, from time to time, be paid in for Trade, or shall be gained thereby; and the said Money or Stock so paid, or to be paid in for Trade, or gained thereby, shall be assignable and transferrable in such and the like Manner (muiatis mutandis) as the Shares in the Capital Stock and yearly Fund are now assignable, or maybe assigned; that from and after such Redemption of the said yearly Fund by Parliament, or after one Moiety thereof, or more, hall be re deemed and aifeharged, by and out of the Surplus of the Funds settled by the said Add for Payment of the the said Governor and Company may, from time to time, by Bylaws or Orders to be made in Bylaws, C their General Court, or General Courts, declare and direct how much and what Part or Share in the then remaining Capital Stock or yearly Fund, and the Money or Stock paid in for Trade, or gained thereby, orin both or either of them, shall qualify the Members of the said Company, to give any Vote or Votes in any General Court or General Courts, and for the eledbing of a Governor, Sub governor, Deputy governor, and Diredbors of the said Company, and for the continuing and being eledbed in the said Of

See farther con

jo Anna?, C 7,

cernirty South Set?' r'r \

comj any, 1 Geo. hoes' or any of them 1. fht, 2. f. 21. 3 Geo. 1. c. 9. qc. c. 1. f. 19, 6 Geo. 1. c. 4 & 11. 7 Geo. 1. C C 7 Geo. sat. 2. % Geo. i. c.zo, z\&zz. g Geo. i. c. 6. 1 Geo. 2.

C 8. 3 Geo. 2. c. 16 CI 20. 4 Geo. 2. c. 5. 5 Geo. 2. c. 17. 6 Geo. z C 25 ©'28. 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2. c. 34. jq Geo. 2. c. 17. 20 Geo. 2.

C 3. Geo. 2. C z 11,

CAP. XXXI.

An Act for the appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army,

Transport Service and Sick and Wounded. EXP,

CAP. XXXII.

An Act for enlarging the Time for Ministers, Advocates, and other Members of the College of justice in Scotland, to take the Oaths therein mentioned.

WHEREAS by an Adb made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to prevent the Distitrbing those of the Episcopal Communion, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, in the £ Exercise of their Religious tvorfmp, and in the Use of the Liturgy of the Church of England; and for repcal ing the Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, Adb against irregular Baptisms and Marriages; C it is enadbed, That all Ministers of the Establifihed Church in Scotland, and all and every Person or Persons who is or are Pastor or Pallors, Minifber or Ministers of any Episcopal Congregation in Scotland, shall £ obliged, and are thereby required, on or before the first Day of August next, to take and subscribe the Oaths therein set forth, in such Manner, and under such Penalties, as all Officers, Civil and Military, in Scotland, are obliged to take the Oath recited in the fourteenth Adb of the sixth Year of her Majesty's ' Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majest s Person and Government: And whereas, by the said lafb mentioned Adb, it is amongst other Things enadbed, That all Officers, Civil and Military, in £ that Fart of the Kingdom of Great Britain called Scotland, who are obliged and required to take in sot land an Oath, called the Oath of Allegiance and Assurance, before the Privy Council there, fhciikl be obliged, on or before the twentieth Day of April one thousand seven hundred and eight, to take and subs ribe the Oath by the said Act appointed, before the Privy Council, while it should continue, and after the Determination thereof, before and in the Court of Session, or the Court of Justiciary, or the Coutt of Exchequer there; and that all others then in any of the Offices aforesaid, who, in Respedb

thereof, had used and been obliged to take the said Oath of Allegiance and Assurance in any other Court and Place, should be obliged to take and subscribe the same at the next Quarter sessions of the Peace

# that should be held for any County or Place in which any such Officer should be resident and abiding; and

that

6 Anna, C 14.

A.D. 1711. Anno decimo anne Regime. C 33. 595

that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, who should after be admitted into any Office, Civil or Military, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, should, within three Months after his Ad ' mittance into any such Office, be obliged to take the Oath appointed by the said Act, in the respective Courts abovementioned, according to the Distinction therein and abovementioned, for Persons then in Office: And whereas many of the Ministers of the Established Church, and Epifeopal Persuasion in Scotland, had not Notice of the Passing of the said Act of this present Session of Parliament, until after the last Quarter Sessions of the Peace, and that there will be no other Quarter sessions of the Peace in Scotland before the second Day of August next, whereby many of the said Ministers and Pastors are rendered incapable of taking the Oaths by the said Act required For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the queen's most Mlniflen in Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and commons, i: i this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That if any Minister or Mini tined iavct" " fters.of the Established Church of Scotland, or any Person or Persons who is or are Pastor or Pastors, Mi Anna?, C 7. be nifter or Ministers of anjr Epifeopal Congregation in Scotland, shall, on or before the first Day of noveni fore 1 nv i7'2* her in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, take and subscribe the Oaths in the stall fceas e "ec Act of this present Session of Parliament mentioned and set forth, in such Manner as all Officers, Civil had taken them and Military, n Scotland, are obliged to take the Oaths recited in the said Act made in the sixth Year of «ith"nthet: me her Majesty's Reign, the same shall be, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes, as effectual as if such appointedbythat Minister or Ministers, Pastor or Pastors, had taken the said Oaths within the Time appointed by the Act Aa. of this present Session of Parliament.

II. And whereas by another Act made in this present Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for pre toaar.s, C

serving the Protes ant Religion, by better feenring the Church of England as by Law established, and for con firming of the Toleration granted to Protes ant Disfenters, by an Act, intituled, An Act for exempting their Majesties Protestant Subjects, dissenting from the Church of England, from the Penalties of certain Laws;

and for Japplying the Defects thereof; and for thefarther securing the Protes ant succession, by requiring the

Pradlifers of the Law in North Britain to take the Oaths, and subscribe the Declaration therein mentioned; It ' is enacted, That all Advocates, Writers to the Signet, Notaries Public, and other Members of the Col ' lege of Justice, within that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, shall be obliged, on or before the fif

teenth Day of June, to take and subscribe before the Lords of Session, the Oath appointed by an Act made Anno sexto Regina, intituled, An Act for the better Security of her Majesty's Person and Government; 6 Anna?, C 14.

and in case of their Neglect or Refusal to take and subscribe the said Oaths, as aforesaid, such Person 'shall he ipfio fadlo incapable and disabled in Law to have, enjoy or exercise his said Employment: And whereas the Court of Session in Scotland does not fit from the last of February to the first of June, and

that several of the Advocates, Writers to the Signet, Notaries Public, and others. Members or the Col ' lege of Justice aforesaid, have, either by Reason of Sickness, Indisposition, or Absence, been rendered in

capable of taking the Oath by the said Act required: 'For Remedy whereof. Be it further enacted by the Advocates, C Authority aforesaid, That if any Advocate, Writer to the Signet, Notary Public, or any Member of the j*k' "g^oaths College of Justice aforesaid, shall, on or before the said first Day of November, take and subscribe the aforesaid Anns, C 14. Oath, either in her Majesty's Court of Session, Justiciary, or Exchequer in Scotland, or at the Quarter sef before'th'c raid fions there, for the City or County where such Person or Persons inhabit or dwell, or in her Majesty's Da" r N court of Chancery, fifteen's Bench, Common Pleas, or Court of Exchequer at Westninfer, the same shall be, veml'.eiaa'1 beto all Intents and Purposes, as effectual, as if such Advocate, Writer to the Signet, Notary Public, or other Member of the College of Justice, had taken the same within the Time, and in the Manner ap the same, as appointed by the aforesaid Act; anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding, pointed by the recited Act

CAP. XXXIII.

An Act for the appointing the Circuit Courts in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to

be kept only once in the Year.

WHEREAS it has been found by Experience to be sufficient for the Administration of Justice in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, that the Circuit Courts should be kept Only once in the year be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and qon sent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That in all Time coming the said Circuit Courts in Scotland final 1 be kept only the Circuit once in the Year and that in the Months of April or May at the several Places, and in Manner and Form Couus in scot as by Law established; that in all Time coming, the Circuit Courts formerly appointed to be kept in land tube keep the Month of October yearly, be superseded and cease, excepting only when it shall please her Majesty or And the Circuit her Successors, by a Proclamation to be issued in the Month of July preceding, to order the said Circuit court in October Courts for the October following to be kept at all or any of the Places mentioned in an Act of Parliament of fliaiireafe, except Scotland, pasted in the third Session of the second Parliament of King Charles the Second, in which Case, when he Crown and not otherwise, the said October Circuit shall that Y ar be kept upon the Days and at the Places soap on

pointed by the Proclamation, and in the usual Form of Law. be kept."

4 G 2

A.D. 17 n.

396 C 34« Anno decimo Ano Reginae.

CAP. XXXIV.

An Act for explaining several Clauses in an Act passed the last seftian of Parliament, for the Relief of the Sufferers of the Islands of Nevis and St. Christopbers, by Reason of the Invasion; the French there, in the Year one thousand seven hundred and five.

V g Ann, 6.43, 6 VI WHEREAS in an Act made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reigrf, intituled, An Act for

licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain new. Duties on stampt 6 Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland; C and for Security thereby, and.by a weekly Payment out of the Postoffice, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and Jeventy Pounds, for thirty tvjo Tears,

C to be applied to the Satisfaction of such Orders as, are therein mentioned, to the Contributors of any Sum, not

5 exceeding two Millions, to be raised for carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Ocsqfions.; a Sum of one hundred and three thousand and three Pounds, eleven Shillings and fourpence, is appointed to be distri

'4 buted amongst the Proprietors and Inhabitants of the Islands of Nevis and St. christophers, who sustained great Loftes by a late Invasion and Depredation of the French, to encourage them to resettle in the said

Blands, in Debentures to be paid and satisfied in like Manner as the then unsatisned Debentures, charged

6 upon the Forfeited Estates in Ireland, were to be satisfied and discharged; concerning the Distribution

5 whereof same Doubts and Difficulties have arisen, to the great Prejudice and Delay, of the poor Sufferers e who have refettied there For Remedy and Removal whereof, Be it enacted, ifc.

"None shall be intituled to a Part of the 103, 003 I. 1 is. 4, d. granted9 Annse, C 23. but such of theproprie "tors or Inhabitants of Nevis and St. Christopbers as were Sufferers and resettled there before 25 Dec. 171 u "This Clause is confirmed 5 Geo. t. C 32.'What shall be deemed a Resettlement. The Commissioners for Trade and Plantations may, on Proof of such Resettlement, issue out, in the Name of each Sufferer,

Sripritcr, "his Executors, ifc. Debentures for the third Part of their Losses. Sufferers not making Proof of their

C Geo. 1. c. 32. 44 Losses before 25 Dec. 1712, shall be excluded from any Share of the Bounty. Sufferers may redeem their

s Geo. 1. r. 20. "Shares, if assigned, by.payment of the Consideration Money, ifc.

fti. 43. 13 Geo.

II. C 3. Jell. 10.

Anno Regni annjs Regin Magn Britanni, Franci, schiberni,

duodecimo, Stat. i,

AT the Parliament begun and held at Westminster the twenty-fifth Day of November Anno Do 4 r mini one thousand seven hundred and ten, in the ninth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady t X A, Anne, by the Grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, if Being the first Session of this present Parliament. And from thence continued by several Prorogations, ., to the seventh Day of December one thousand seven hundred and eleven: Being the second

*Session of this present Parliament. And from thence continued by several Prorogations to the ninth Day cord is =dded 7 C f April one thousand seven hundred and thirteen:Being the third Session of this present Parliament.

and, continued by several Adjournments till the 16th Day of July in the twelfth Year of her Majesty's Reign.

CAP. I.

An Aifi Tor, granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service cof the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen. EXP. zs. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

Continued an An Act for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, Mum, and Cyder and Perry, for the ncuiwiyby'1'"'Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and for making forth Du 1 od^g'C'7" '>p!>cat; ?s of lottery Tickets, lost, burnt, or destroyed, for enlarging the Time for ad

eo"z" justing Claims in several Acts; and to punish the counterfeiting or forging of Lot uery Orders.; and for explaining a late Act in Relation to Stamp Duties on customary Estates, which pass by Deed and Copy.

Compounders to xiii. AND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every such person and Per continue their fons, who by Virtue, or in Pursuance of any former Act, for laying Duties upon Malt, Mum,

Cyder and Perry, have made or shall make any Compositioli ftii! in being, for the dut fes of their Malt, ja+jun&i; x3. shall on or before the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, continue such their Composition for the Duties hereby granted, and pay the Composition Money, or give Bond for the farrie» according to the Purport, true Intent, and Meaning of this present Act, or in Default thereof shall or liable to the be, a fid are hereby charged and made liable to pay untohpr Majesty, her tleirs and Successors, the Sum of

Duty, &c. flx

A.D. 1 71 j. Anno duodecimo Ann Reginae. Stat. i. 597

sixpence for every Bushel of Malt which he, she or they or any other Person or Persons in Trust for him, her or them, shall be possessed of, on the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and that all and every such Person and Persons who "have or hath, or flail make such Composition for their laid Duties on Malt, in Pursuance of the said, former Acts or any of them, and who shall make Default ip continuing such their Composition, as aforesaid, shall on or before the tenth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, make true and particular Entries of all such Malt as they or any of them, or any other Person or Persons in Trust for them or any of them, shall be possessed of, or have in his or their Custody or possession, at the Office of Excise within the Limits of which they shall respectively inhabif, upon Pain to forfeit the Sum of fifty Pounds and the Malt, of which no such Entry shall be made; and within six Days after he, she or they shall have made or ought to have made such Entry, as aforesaid, shall pay down the Duties, hereby charged upon the same, or in Default thereof shall forfeit and lose double the Value of the said Malt; and that the Houses, out houses, and other Places belonging to such Compounders, who shall make Default in continuing such their Coinpolitions, as aforesaid, shall be and are hereby made liable to the Search and View of the Officers for the said Duties, in, the same Manner, and; under the farrie Penalties for Refuful, as other Persons making Malt for Sale are liable.

XIV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and.after' the said three and mit damaged twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and after the Duty by this Act imposed by nhe casting on Malt is paid by the Malfier, if any Quantity of Malt flull unfortunately happen to be damaged by the

calling away or sinking of the Barge or Vessel in which the said Malt shall be transported from one Part of this Kingdom to another within the same, That the Justices of the Peace of the County, Riding, or Division, where such Accident shall happen, shall at the next General Quarter sessions to be held' for such justices to de County, Riding, or Division, upon Proof of such Damage, and of Payment of the Duty, as, aforesaid, ^rrr, ine determine and settle the Quantity of the Damage done to such Malt by the carting away or sinking of the damase> "charge or Vessel in which the same shall be transported, as aforesaid, and an Allowance to be made in respect thereof, and to give a Certificate under their Hands and Seals of the Sum allowed, which Allowance shall hear the same Proportion to the whole Duty, as the said Damage shall appear to bear to the Value of the said Malt before it was so damaged; upon producing of which Certificate to the Officer appointed to and Officer to collect the said Duty, he shall be obliged to repay or allow to the said Proprietor or Proprietors, out of the lepaj tlledu* Duty. paid.for the said Malt, so much.money as the Sum certified by the said Justicts shall amount unto, ty' &c' or in Default thereof, that, the Proprietor or proprietors: of the said Malt shall and may deduct the Allowance so certified out of the next, or any other subsequent Moneys becoming due from such Proprietor or Proprietors by Virtue of this present Act.

XV. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That where any such Lossor Notice to Damage shall happen, as aforesaid, the Person or Persons who shall sustain the same, shall, three Days at left with the least before the next Quarter sessions, give or leave Notice in Writing thereof with the Collectors of Ex Collector three cife of the District or Collection where such Loss or Damage shall happen, and of his and their Intention n^ter Sef of applying at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace for an Allowance in respect of such Da ]j-nasr.er e" mage or Loss.

XVI. And whereas many Mahlers and.makers of Malt, in order to the defrauding her majesty of the No malfio ta

Duty, and preventing the Officers from taking and keeping a true Account of the Corn or Grain by them m, X Corn of one steeping and steeped, and making into Malt, do in the Absence of the Officers remove Part of their Corn corn "of another or Grain out of the Cistern or.wetting eat, and mix the same with Corn or Grain of a former Wetting, wnting, on for and supply the Place, of the Corn or Grain so removed with fresh Corn or Grain, and do also mix their future of 5 s.

several Couches and Floors, in such Manner that the Officers for the said Duties cannot distinguisti one pereufhel.

Wetting from another; For Remedy whereof, ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That during the Continuance of the Duties hereby granted, no Malfier or Maker of Malt, other than Compounders for the said Duties, shall, during the Continuance of the said Duties, mix, or cause to be mixed,

his, her or their Corn or Grain making, into Malt, of one Wetting or Steeping, or any Part thereof, with his, her or their Corn or Grain making into Malt, of a former Wetting or Steeping, or any Part thereof, before the same is put on the Kiln for drying, on Pain of Forfeiture of the Sum of five Shillings for every Bufkel of Corn so mixed, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof.

XVII. And be it further enacted b the Authority aforesaid, That the Gagers and other Officers of Ex Gagers to mcai cife, for the Time being, or that shall be deputed to put this present Act into Execution, shall, during the brd 'ot Continuance of the Duties hereby charged, measure such Corn and Grain making into Maltby the Gauge f[j'c bum! only, and not by the Bushel; anything herein before contained, or in any former Act or Acts, relating to the Duties hereby granted, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XVIII. And whereas in making of Make, practised before the granting the said Duties, the Barley, or Penalty on mai other Corn or Grain, during its Steeping in the Cistern or Uting sat, did usually rise and (well so con prens.

fiderably, that it was. thought reasonable, upon granting the said Duties, in all Charges to be made by the

Officers from the Cistern or Couch, to allow to the malfters, upon Payment of the Duty, four Bushels*

every twenty.bushels, and so proportionably upon every greater or lesser Quantity, in Consideration iuihel.

of such Rise or Swelling of the Corn, which Allowances have been and are made accordingly: And whereas many Malfters or Makers of Malt for Sale, by pressing, treading, ramming, or other Methods,

4 do now not only make their Com lye so close in the Cistern or Uting sat, and also in the Couch, that the Rise or Swelling, as aforesaid, is prevented, but also renders it very difficult for Officers to know the true Quantity of the Com steeped or in the Couch,: and thereby have the Allowance, as aforesaid, though.

the Reason of making the same is taken away Be it therefore further enacted, That if any Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale, during the Continuance of the Duties on Malt by this Act granted, 'shall tread, ram, or otherwise Force together in the Cistern, Uting sat, or Couch, any Corn steeping or steeped, in order to the waking; into Malt, every such Maltster or Maker of Malt for Sale., shall for every such Offence, forfeit

artd

593 Stat. i.

Anno duodecimo Ann, e Reginae.

A.D. 1713.

Gjge.

nad lose the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence for every Bushel of Corn deeping or deeped, that shall be so.prefied, trodden, rammed, or forced; any Tiling herein or in any former Act or aists contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

allproff cutions

XIX. Provided always, and be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no Person or Persons shall be to be wiihinrive sued or charged with the Duties hereby granted, unless some Action, Information, or Suit be commenced yearsi for the same, within five Years after the same shall become due.

XX. And in Regard the Quantity of Barley, or other Corn or Grain, taken by the Gauge in any CI ' stern, Uting sat, or other Vessel or Utensil, wherein such Barley, or other Corn or Grain shall be found Wetting or Steeping, or which shall be found to have been wetted or deeped for the making of Malt, is Allowance for by this Act to be charged and returned by the Gager, as so many Bushels of maltit is hereby further Malt charged in enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of every twenty Budiels so charged by the Gager, there fbrll the Uting sat, b'e an Allowance made to the Maker of such Malt so charged' in the Uting sat, Cidern, or other Vessel, wherein the same shall be found Wetting or Steeping, as aforesaid, or upon the Floor within thirty Hours after the same shall be thrown out of the Uting sat, Utensil, Cidern or other Vessel, of four Budiels, and out of every greater or lesser Quantity, a proportionable Allowance shall be made in Consideration of the

Difference between the Quantity of such Corn when it is wet and swollen, and the Quantity thereof, when it is converted into Dry Malt; any Thiny herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. limentnres for

XXIV. And be it enacted, Thafall Debentures for Malt exported upon any former at or Acts for lay m.rit unsatisfied, ing Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, which shall remain unsatisfied, on the four and twentieth on2*junew3. Day of June orie thousand seven hundred and thirteen, shall (in Case the respective Commissioners or offi how to bt. paid. cers Gf pxc; fe not have sufficient in their Hands of the Duties granted by the said former als to satisfy the same) be paid and satisfied out of the Duties arising by this present Act.

An Allowance

XXVIII. Provided always, That if any Barley or other Corn or Grain that hath been deeped or wet of 10 Bushels in ted in any Cidern, Uting sat, or other Vedel, shall, during the Continuance of this Aid, be found work 2 on a 1 loor ing or growing upon the Floor, before it is put upon the Kiln, in order to be made into Malt, after the said three and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, which when dried and made into Malt, will not answer so great a Quantity from the Floor as from the Cidern or Fat; is is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of every twenty Budiels so charged upon the Floor, there shall be an Allowance made to the Maker of the said Malt, which shall be gauged and charged upon the Floor, after the same shall have been thrown out of the Uting sat, Utensil, Cidern, or other Vessel before mentioned, by the Space of thirty Hours or more, and before the same shall be dried, of ten Bushels, and out of every greater or lesser Quantity a proportionable Allowance shall be made, in Consideration of the Difference between the Quantity of such Corn when it is making upon the Floor, and the Quantity thereof when it is dried and perfectly made into Malt; anything herein contained to the contrary thereof in any wise, notwithstanding.

XXX. Provided always, and be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That in case lowance on exj any Person or Persons whatsoever shall export any ground Malt from any Port or Place in Great Britain, to Ma" neaf °)lnd any foreign Parts, the Duties whereof shall have been paid or secured to be paid according to this Aid,

such Person and Persons shall have the like Drawback or Allowance out of the Duties on Malt by this Aid 'granted, as if the said Malt had been whole, upon Debentures to be obtained, and upon producing Certificates, making Oath, and doing and performing the other Matters and Things herein before prescribed and directed, in order to obtain Debentures upon Exportation of Malt for foreign Parts; yet nevertheless such ground Malt so exported shall be computed and estimated after the Rate of so many Bushels of Malt as the same did contain before it was ground, and no more.

XXXI. Provided always, and be it further enacted, That every Gager or other Officer, who shall be constituted or appointed to put this Act: in Execution, shall be and are hereby required to leave a true Copy of each Gauge, and the Quantity thereof, in Writing under his or their Hands, with, or for the said Maker or Makers of Malt, at the Time of taking such Gauge upon Demand, under the Penalty of forty Shillings.

Concealing Malt

XXXV. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Maker of Malt shall, bufliet 10s' rr duri»g e. Continuance of the Duties hereby granted, fraudulently hide, conceal or convey any of life Malt from the Sight or View of the Gager or Gagers apointed to take an Account of the same, the Person or Persons offending therein, shall forfeit and lose for every Bushel of Malt so hid, concealed, or conveyed away from the Sight and View of such Gager or Gagers, the Sum of ten Shillings, to be recovered and distributed, or mitigated, as other Penalties and Forfeitures by this Act, or by any Law herein referred unto, are to be recovered, distributed, or mitigated.

XXXVII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if either Party think him or themselves grieved by any Judgement or Order to be given or made by any Justices of the Peace, in Pursuance of this present Act, touching or concerning the Duties hereby granted, or any Penalty and Forfeiture relating to the same, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Person or Persons, so finding him, her or themselves ngrieyej by such Judgement or Order, to appeal from the fastie to the Justices assembled at the next General Quarter sessions of the Peace, to be held for the County, Shire or Stunrtry where such Judgement or Order shall have been made; which said Justices of the Peace, or the major Part of them, are hereby im powereu to hear and finally determine the same; and no Writ of Certiorari shall be allowed or brought to set aside any Determination or Order of the said Justices.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Party or Parties so appealing, as aforesaid, shall give Notice in Writing, by the for.ee of six Days next before such Session shall be held, as aforesaid, unto the Party or Parties of the other side, of his, her or their Intention to bring such Appeal; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for such Justices of the major Part of them, in their Quarter session, to award Costs to either party, as they shall in their Discretion think fit,

3 to

The same Al

Malt, as if whole, C

Gager to leave a Copy of each Gauge with the Maker.

Persons aggrieved may appeal to, the quarter sessions, C

No Certiorari.

Appellor to give Notice thereof six Days before quarter sef fions, ca.

D. 1713. Anno duodecimo an nje Reginae. Stajt. 1. 599

to be levied By Warrant of the Justices of the peace of such County, Shire, or Stuartry, or.any.two or., ., of them, on the Goods and Chattels of the Party or Parties, against whom the same shall be awarded. Provided also, That in case there be not the Space of six Days between the first Judgement or order, of the two Justices and the Quarter sessions then next following, that then the Appeal may be made ac the second Quarter sessions after such Judgement or Order made. ...'1 ^, aie

xxxix. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Malt made in Scotland, Scotland, not to be confirmed there, which at any time or times betfveen the twenty-third Day of June one thousand brought by Sea fever! hundred and thirteen, and the twenty-fourth Day of June one, thousand seven hundred and fourteen, into England, shall be brought.into England, Wales, or the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, shall, in case the same be

brought by Sea, be entered with the Officer for the said Duties of the Port where, the same hall be so llndjru, an brought into England, Wales, or Berwick; and the Sum of sixpence per Bufttel (unless a Certificate from paye d'. Per the proper Officer be produced, that it had paid the said Duty in Scotland) for the same Malt, shall be Bushel, unless paid to such Officer before landing thereof: And in case the same hall be brought by Land, such Malt hall certified tohave pass and be carried by (and through the Towns of Berwick or Carlisle, and there entered with the Officer of brought" the said Duties, in such of the said Towns by or through which such Malt hall be so carried; and the by [ and) t"0' paf like Duty of six Pefice per' Bushel for the same, u'rdefe such certificate be produced, as aforesaid, shall be thro berwick or paid down in ready Money to such Officer, on Pain of forfeiting all such Malt, and the Value thereof, as Carlisle, and to shall be landed or put on Shore, or brought into England, without such Entry or Payment of such addi be entered there, tional Duties, as aforesaid: in case any Malt made in Scotland shall, during the said Term, be found n 1

coming out of Scotland, or brought from thence by Land, by or beyond the towns before mentioned, without pa; n 0fforfei entry or Payment of the Duties thereof, or producing such Certificate, as aforesaid, then all such Malt, ture. or the Value thereof, shall be forfeited; the last mentioned Forfeiture thereof to be and go, one Moiety's "ch Malt co thereof to the queen's Majesty, the other Moiety thereof to such Person or Persons as will inform, seizey^djr or fuefer the same, or the Value thereof, and to be recovered and levied by such Ways, Means and 'without

thods, as any other Penalties or Forfeitures, relating to the Malt Duties are by this Act to be recovered and 'Entry, C for levied.' -.. 'feited, or the

XL. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Moneys which shall arise by this Act of Value, the said Duties on Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, over and above the necessary Charges of raising and pay The Moneys ing the said Duties, shall from Time to Time be brought and paid into the Exchequer.: arising to be

° or L paid into the

"There shall be kept in the Office of the Auditor of the Receipt one Book, in which all the Orders for exchei5uer>

"Money payable upon this Act shall be registered; the Money lent upon the Act of the ninth Year of A tote "her majesty's Reign unsatisfied, with Interest of six percent, shall he placed upon the Register, and shall p t'fthe Pdri be paid out of the Moneys arising by this Act: Interest to be paid every three Months. It shall be lawful ptsums o"

"for any Persons to lend upon Credit of the said Duties any Sums, as together with the Principal Moneys the Malt Act appointed to be transferi'cd, hall not exceed seven hundred thousand Pounds; which Lenders shall have, 9 Annie to the Interest of five percent, to be paid every three Months. Where it shall appear by Affidavit before any of rfslfte, r of thl5 44 the Barons of the Exchequer, that any Exchequer Bills, or Tickets, before the twentieth Day of May one A ' '

"seven hundred and thirteen, have been lost, burnt, or destroyed It shall be lawful for the re Concerning Malt,

"spective Officers, upon producing a Certificate from any of the said Barons, and on Security given to thz feefsi>: bic i Geo.

said Officers, to make forth Duplicates of the said Bills and Tickets. It shall be lawful for the Com, '/«/, e.z.

missioner to settle and adjust the Properties of any Tickets in the Lotteries that have not hitherto been fcm'j'clt settled, provided the Persons podefied of the Tickets do appear on or before the five and twentieth of De^'

cetn orrone thousand seven hundred and thirteen. If any Person shall forge or counterfeit anvof the Lot iag». ir. 4.

tery Orders, or alter the Number or Principal Sum of any such Order, or counterfeit the Hand of any .13 £« ic, 7:

Person to such Order, thereby to procure a fraudulent Alignment, or sell any such Order, knowing the (

same to be forged, every such Person fit all be adjudged a Felon, without Benefit of Clergy.'" r EXP,

20 Geo. 2. c. 5. 27 Geo. 2. c. 2. 33 Geo. 2. c. 3 & 7. And see annual Moult Aits.

XLVIII. And whereas in though tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign an Act did pass, For laying several clause for Ex 4 Duties upon ail Soap and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered plaining a late and striped Linen imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed,; painted or ain relation stained; upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and upon certain printed Pa -- L

pars, Pamphlets and Advertisements, for raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds, by way ^aryestates,'

of a Lottery, towards her Majesty's Supply; and for Licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairs; which pass by and for charging certain Stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing hr majesty's Duties to arise Deed and Copy, in the Office for the Stamp-duties, by Licences for Marriages and otherwise; and for Relief of Persons 10 Ann. C 19.

who have not claimed their Lottery Tickets in due Time, or have lost Exchequer Bills or Lottery Tick.

ets; and for borrowing Money upon Stocks, Part of the Capital of the south-sea Company, for the Use of tile Public; in which laid aft it is enacted, for every Skin, or Piece of Vellum or Parch mentor Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which hall be ingrossed or written, within or during the Term cf thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the first Day of August in the Year one thousand seven hundred and twelve, any Surrender of or Admittance to any Copyhold Land or Tenement, within those Parts of,

Great Britain called England, II 'ales, and the Town of Berwick upon Tweed, or any Grant, or Lease by £ Copy of Court roll, or any other Copy of the Court roll of any Honour or Manor within the same,

Parts of Great Britain, or any of them, other than and except the original Surrender to the Use of a 4 Will, and the Court roll or Book wherein the Proceedings of the Court are entered or enrolled, the Sum of two Shillings and threepence Sterling; and a Doubt having arisen whether by the said ause, Copies.

of Admittances to Custom Right or Tenant right Estates, not being Copyhold, which pass by Deed,

Surrender and Admittance, or by Deed and Admittance, ought to be stamped 3'..it is declared and enacted

6oo Stat. i.

Anno duodecimo anne Reginae. A.D. 1713.

cousrmitgstamp acted hereby, That no Copies of any Surrenders or Admittances to such Custom right or Tenant right Duties, fejfar gftates, as aforesaid, ought to be damped, nor were they ever designed or intended, nor ought they to be 'fiat ac 9"'deemed or construed to be within the Meaning of the said Act.

5 Geo. j. c. 19. jch, 48, 6 Geo. 1. C axe. 11 Geo. 1. cis Geo 1. C 33.9a. C 32. 16 Geo. a. C 26. 29 (7«, C 12 13. 30 Geo. 2. r. 19.

32 <?«. 2. f. 35.

Cap. m.

An act to revive and continue the Act for taking, examining, and dating the public Accounts of the Kingdom; and also to continue the Act for appointing Commissioners to take, examine, and determine the Debts due to the Army, Transport service, and Sick and Wounded.

EXP.

CAP. IV.

An act for making Enclosures of some Part of the Common Grounds in the West riding of the County of York, for the Endowing poor Vicaridges and Chapelries, for the better Support of their Ministers.

WHEREAS in the West riding of the County, of York there are diverse Parishes of great Extent, and very populous, which hath occasioned the erecting of diverse Chapels of Ease for the Benefit of the Inhabitants: But there being very small or no settled Provision made for the Maintenance of the

Ministers that perform Divine Offices in those Chapels, or for the Vicars of many of the Paridi churches within the said West riding; and there being large Commons or Waste Grounds, within many of the said Parishes, which yield little or no Profit or Advantage to any Person, it would be a great Advantage and Incouragement to the Vicars and Miniders there, if they might, by enclosing some Parts of the said

Commons and Waste Grounds, improve the same for the Benefit of themselves and their Succedors: 'May it therefore please your most Excellent Majesty, at the humble Suit of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders and other Inhabitants of the said Riding, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords. Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September, which dial] be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, it shall and may be lawful for any of the Inhabitants of any Paplh in the West riding of the County of York, wherein any such Chapels of Ease, as aforesaid, now are, or hereafter shall be erected or built, and wherein there are large Wades or Commons, with the Consent of the Lord or Lords, of the Manor wherein such Wade ground lies, (and if there be above two Lords of such Manor, then with the Consent of the major Part of them) and with the Consent of three Parts of four of all Freeholders and others, who have any Right of Common therein, according to their Number, and the Value of their respective estates, to enclose any Part of the Wades or Common Grounds within. such Parish (or chapelry therein) not exceeding sixty Acres, or a sixth Part of such Common Land, where the said sixth Part ishall not exceed sixty Acres, and to settle the same in Trustees and their Heirs, for the Benefit, and as a Maintenance and Support of such Miniders as hull not have a settled Provision of above forty Pounds annum for their Maintenance; and hall reside within the same Parish or Chapelry, and perform Divine Offices in the Parish Church or Chapel therein, according to the Usage of the Church of england, and be licensed by the Archbishop of York, or the Guardian: of the Spiritualties (Side Facante), any. former Law or Usage to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Saving always, and reserving unto all Lords of Manors, and other Owners and Proprietors of Royalties within the said Riding, their Heirs and Assigns, all and all Manner of Mines and Quarries of Stone, Coal and Ore, and other Mines, with full Bower, and free Liberty to dig, get, and lough for the same, in and through any such Enclosures that shall be made pursuant to this Act; and the same so got, with Carts, Wains and Carriages to take, lead, and carry away,

III. And be it further enacted by, the Authority aforesaid, after any such Enclosure and Settlement, it hall not be in the Power of any Trustee or Minister, or any other Person whatsoever, to alienate and' employ any of the Profits of such enclosed Lands to any other Ufa or Uses, but only for the Support and Maintenance of the Vicar or Minister who hall serve the Cure, (if it belong to a Vicarage) and to the Minister that performs Divine Service in the Chapel, according to the Usage of the Church of England, (if it be appropriated to any Chapel) and not otherwise.

IV. And be it further enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for any of the said Trustees and their Heirs, from Time to Time, by any Writing, or Writings under their Hands and Seals, with the Consent of the Vicar or Minister, for whose Use such Enclosure is made, to be testified by his being made a Party to, and signing and sealing such Writing, to demise or lease any Common or Waste Grounds, or any Parcel or Parcels thereof, that shall be enclosed by Virtue of this Act, for any Term or Number of Years not exceeding one and twenty, so as upon every such Demise or Lease there be reserved, payable half yearly, during the said Term, as much Rent as can, at the making such Lease, be really gotten for the same; and that such Rent be made payable to or for the only Use and Benefit of such Vicar and mini fret of such Vicarage or Chapelry, and their Successors, and so as no Fine, Income, or other Consideration be taken for the same.

V. And it is hereby enacted, That all Leafesmade of such Enclosures in any other Manner, shall not be good.or available in the Law, but shall beipfofasio void.

VI. AND be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit, or Information, shall be commenced or prosecuted again! any Person or Persons, for any 7 hing that he or they shall. do or cause

After 29 Sept. 17x3. the Inhabitants of the West riding of Yorkshire, where there are Chapels of Ease, may, with the Ocnfent of the Lords of Manors, C enclose Part of the Wastes, and settle the same in Trustees for the Support of Ministers who have not a settled Provision of above 401* per Annum,

Saving to Lords of Manors all Mines, C

No Trustee, C ft all alienate the Profits of such enclosed Lands to another Use but for Support of the.minister. Trustees, &c. with Consent of the Minister, may lease the Grounds so enclosed lor 2 z Tears, reserving Rent pay absenalf yearly, for the Use of the Minister. Lease otherwise made, void. gsactallftup.

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo Ann Reginae.

Stat. 1. 601

Publick at.

Wade of Manors belonging to the Queen may be inclosej with Con fen t of the Crown, and settled in Trustees for the said Uses

cause to be done In Pursuance or in Execution of this Act, such Person or Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, ball and may plead the general Issue of not Guilty; and upon any issue joined may give this Act and the special Matter In Evidence; and if in any such Suit the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or suffer a Discontinuance, or if a Verdict hall pass against him upon a Demurrer, then in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants hall recover full Costs, for which he or they hall have the like Remedy as is allowed in any Case where Costs are to be recovered by any former Law..'

VII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom, as a publick Act.

VIII. And whereas some Manors within the said T, Vejl riding, do belong to her Majesty in Right of the Crown; ' Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That by and with the Consent of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and with the Consent of three Parts of four of the Freeholders and others, who have Right of Common therein, according to their Number, and the Value of their respective Estates, it shall and may be lawful to enclose any Part of the Waste or Common Grounds of such Manors not exceeding sixty Acres, or a sixth Part of such Common Land where the said sixth Part shall not exceed sixty Acres; and to settle the same in Trustees and their Heirs, for the charitable Purposes aforementioned; any Law or Statute to the contrary thereof in any wise notwithstanding.'

CAP. V.

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for the electing Knights of Shires to serve in Parliament, as far as the same relates to the Ascertaining the Value of Freeholds of forty Shillings per Annum.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled An act for the more ef jo Ann. C 23.

festual preventing fraudulent Conveyances, in order to multiply Votes for electing Knights for Shires to 18 Geo. a. c.is. serve in Parliament, it is amongst other Things enacted, That from and after the first Day of May, which hold be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and twelve, no Person mall vote for the Electing of any Knight of a Shire within that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or in Right of any Lands or Tenements which have not been charged or assessed to the Publick Taxes, Church Rates, and Parish Duties, in such Proportion as other Lands or Tenements of forty Shillings per Annum, within the same Parish or Township, where the same hall lie or be, are usually charged, under a Penalty therein expressed: And whereas some Doubts have arisen whether Parsons, Vicars and other Persons, having Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, or other Hereditaments, are not thereby restrained. from voting at such Elections, in Regard that such Messuages, Lands, Rents, Tithes, or Hereditaments, have not been usually charged or affefiej to the publick Taxes, Church Rates, and Parish Duties, and to every of 1 themnow forasmuch as it was only intended thereby to ascertain the Value of Lands or Tenements, by making the Proportion paid to the publick Taxes, Church Rates, and Parish Duties, or such of them, to which the same were usually charged or assessed, the Measure of the Value thereof; and for the remov a ing such Doubts, Be it enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Ad i0^fln. C

vice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament affem not to rest. ain bled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, or anything therein contained, hall not ex any Person from tend, or be confirmed to rest rain any Person from voting in such Election of any Knight of a Shire within vctinsj" respect that Part of Great Britain called England, in Respect or in Right of any Rents, Tithes, or other incorpo '

real Inheritances, or any Messuages or Lands in extra parochial Places;, or any Chambers in the Inns of ^jnhnnsof

Court or Inns of Chancery, or any Messuages or Seats belonging to any Offices, in Regard or by Reason Court, in Regard that the same have not usually been, or shall not be charged or assessed to all or any the publick Taxes, of their notbe church Rates, and Parish Duties, as mentioned in the above recited Act, orin Respect or in Right of any ing charged to other Messuages or Lands not hereinbefore specified, in Regard, or by Reason that the same have not been Pucblick raxcs> usually charged or assessed to all and every the publick Taxesj Church Rates, and Parish Duties afore prc0'vide(3 the said: that such Messuages or Lands have usually been' charged ora sit? fled' to some.one. or more have been of the said publick Taxes, Rates or Duties, in such Proportion as other Messuages or lands of forty sessed as other Shillings per Annum, within the same Parish or Township, where the same hall lie or be, are usually ftteffuages of

charged to the same; any Tiling contained in the said recited Act to the contrary thereof in any wise not 40!; - p; r AY

7] w r, 'J in tp

withiranaing.

Farther Pnvijions relating to Parliam'vt, L Geo. I. C 38 & 56. 2 Geo. 2. c. 24. 6 Geo. 2. c. 23. 8 Geo. 2. c. 30, 9 Geo. 2. c 38

Geo. 2. c. 20. 15 Geo. 2. <*. 22. is Geo. 2. C is. 19 Geo. 2. c. 2s. 31 Geo. 2. e, 14. and 33 Geo. 2. C so".

in the same Pari (h, C

11 Geo. 2. c. 24. 13

CAP. VI.

An Act for the better Regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

WHEREAS of late several Conveyances of Estates have been made in Trust or redeemable for

queen's r, oft Excellent ms icfty. 1 V 'nd with th? Advice and cor.lvrit of the left's bpk itunt teat vvi:. t'u < j ia

V: Y. iy. "'< i'j..; corf,

6o2 Stat. i.

Anno duodecimo An n je Retinas.

O

A.D. 1713.

veyance whereon ral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from Jnfeoffment is and after the Determination of this present Parliament, no Conveyance or Right whatsoever, whereupon seivinkron; ft«d Infeoffment is not taken, and Seisin registrated one Year before the Tejie of the Writs for calling a new aeyc"/before Parliament, shall, upon Objection made in that Behalf, entitle the Person or Persons so infeoft, to vote or the i'este of the to be deeded at that Election in any Shire or Stewartry in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, and

Writ, shall in in case any Election happen, during the Continuance of a Parliament, no Conveyance or Right whatso

titie to vote or ever, whereupon Infeoffment is not taken one year before the Date of the Warrant for making out a new Scotland* 'nor if Writ fr such Election, shall, upon Objection made in that Behalf, entitle the Person or Persons so infeoft suy Election '.to vote or be eledded at that Eleddion; and that from and after the said Day, it shall or may be lawful to

happen during or for any of the Electors present, suspedding any Person or Persons to have his or their Estates in Trust,

the Continuance and for the Behoof of another, to require the Presses of the.meeting to tender, the following Oath to any of a Parliament. r]e£tor and the said Presses is hereby empowered and required to administer the same in the Words Tol

Presses, to, tender an Oath to one whom lie suspects to have an Estate in Trust,

The Oath. ' y A.B. do, in the Prefcnee of God, declare and swear. That the Lands and Estate of for

JL which I claim to give my Vote in this Election, are not conveyed to me in Trust, or for the Behoof of any other Person whatsoever; and I do swear before God, that neither I, nor any Person to my Know ledge, in my Name, or by my Allowance, hath given, or intends to give, any Promise, Obligation, C Bond, back bond, or other Security, for re disponing or re eonveying the said Lands and Estate, any Man ' ner of Way'whatsoever r And this is the Truth, as 1 shall answer to God' '

And in case such Elector refuse to swear, and also to subscribe the said Oath, such Person or Persons shall not be capable of voting, or being eledded at such Eleddion.

II. Provided always, That notwithstanding such Oath taken, it shall be lawful to make such other Objections as are allowed by. the Laws of Scotland against such Electors.

III. And be it further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That no Infeoffment taken upon any redeemable Right whatsoever (except proper Wadfetts, Adjudications, or Apprisings, allowed by the

able Right ex Act of "Parliament relating to Elections in one thousand six hundred eighty one) shall entitle the Person so ept proper ad infeoft to vbte or be eledded at any Election in any Shire or Stewartry; and that no Person or Persons, whq> have not been enrolled and voted at former Elections, shall, upon any Pretence whatsoever, be enrolled or

Refilling, shall not vote. Other Objections as allowable by Law. No jin feoffment on any redeem

sets, C shall be clcftedj0^ r admitted to vote at any Election, except he 'or they firs produce a sufficient Iliglit or Title to qualify him And Persons not or them to vote at that Eleddion, to the Satisfaction of the Freeholders formerly enrolled, or the Majority enrolled ay for of them present; and the returning Officers are hereby ordained to make their Returns of the Persons Zhafl notvo" d by the Majority of the Freeholders enrolled, and those admitted by them, reserving always the LI

wiihom produ ^e.rty cf, objecting against the Persons admitted to, or excluded from the Roll, as formerly.

ring a Right, Tbh clauftt.h repealed by 16 Geo. 2. C n,

Sheriffs, C lb a 11, on Penalty of 50 1. make public Intimations three Days before the Day, of "elerslicrfil,

Saving the

Any Right whereon in feoffment is taken before 1 June 1715 shall entitle to vote for

<'iv."'and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheriffs of Shires, and Stewarts of Stewartries, ball be obliged, under the Pain of fifty Pounds Sterling, one Moiety whereof shall be to the queen's' moult Excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Person or Persons who shall sue for the same, to be recovered before the Court of Session, by any Action summarily, without abiding the Course of the Roll, to make the public Intimations required by the Laws of Scotland, at the several Parish Churches within their respective Jurisdictions, at leal! three Days before the Diet of Elections. 1 " .; 1 1;

- V. Provided always, That the Right of apparent Heirs in voting at eleddions_by Virtue of their Prede

and huft^ids" eeffors Infeoffments, and the Right of ihufbands by Virtue of their Wives Infeoffments, be and is hereby 1'reserved to them, as formerly; anything in this Add contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

VI. Provided also, That any Conveyance of Right, which by the Laws of Scotland is sufficient to qualify

any Person to vote in the Elections of members to serve in Parliament for Shires or Stewartries, and whereupon Infeoffment is taken, on or before the first Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, shall entitle the Person. or Persons, so infeoft, to vote at the Elections of Members to"serve. in the 'next tnfuing Parliament; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding. C., .-!;. ._ t,

Members of Parliament. o >! i Hi jrr f'V IVII.

Provided always, and it is hereby declared to be the true Intent and Meaning of this Add, That no Husbands shall vote at any ensuing Eleddion by Virtue of their Wives Infeofi ments, who are not hei resses, or have not Right to the Property of the Lands on Account whereof such Vote shall be daimed.

CAP. VII.

An Add for the more effectual preventing and punishing Robberies that shall be committed mi

Houses.

OR AS MUCH as diverse wicked and ill disposed Servants, and other Person?, are incouraged to commit Robberies in Houses by the Privilege, as the Law now is, of demanding the Benefit of their Clergy; ' Be it therefore enacted by the queen's melt Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all and every Person or Persons that shall, at any Time, from and after the

Kufbands not to vote by Virtue of their Wives ijifeaff inentsj reliefs they are hei rtfies, C

25 H. 8. C 3.

5 f 6 Ed. 6. C9 & 10.

3 IV & M. C 9, to fif ti TV. 3. r. 23.

5 Anti. C 31. After i July 1713. Persons Healing to the

Stat: r. 6oj

A.D.

Anno duodecimo Ann as Reginae.

the first: Day of July in the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, feloniously Ileal any Money, Goods or Chattels, Wares or Merchandizes, of the Value of forty Shillings or more, being in any dvvel ling house or out house thereunto belonging, although such House or out house be not actually bfoken by such Offender, and although the Owner of such Goods, or any other Person or Persons, or be not in such House or out house, or hall assist or aid any Person or Persons to commit any such Offence, being thereof convicted or attained by Verdict or Confeihon, or being indicted thereof hall land mute, or will not direct'y answer to the Indictment, or hall peremptorily challenge above the Number of twenty returned to be of the Jury, hall, by Virtue of this Act, be absolutely debarred of and from the Benefit of Clergy; any Law or Custom to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. Provided always, That nothing in this Act hall extend to Apprentices under the Age of fifteen Years, who ball roll their Mailers, as aforesaid.

III. And whereas there has been same Doubt, whether the entering into the mansion house of another, ' without breaking the same, wnh an Intent to commit some Felony, and breaking the said House in the Nighttime to get out, he Burglary; 'Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person hall enter into the Mansion or Dwelling house of another, by Day or by Night, without breaking the same, with an Intent to commit Felony, or being in such House hall commit any Felony, and hall in the nighttime break the said House to get out of the same, such Person is and hall be adjudged and taken to be guilty of Burglary, and hall be ousted of the Benefit of his and her Clergy, in the Tame Manner as if inch Person had broke and entered the said House in the nighttime, with an intent to commit Felony there.

out, shall be Burglary, Farther Provisions concerning Burglary, $Geo. i, c. XI and

vjiuc of 40 s. bein - in a Dwelling houe, tho' such House, C be not broken, C and being thereof conviffled, shall be debarred ihc Benefit of Clergy.

Not to extend to apprenticr s untler 15 Years of Age. A

Entering into a House without breoking it, or being the re committing Fe lony, and brewing the House in the Night to get 6 Geo. I. C 23,

CAP. VIII.

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid.

EXP.

V

lica; which hath

CAP. IX.

An Act for continuing an Act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Infortalien cf Naval's ores Jrom her Majestfis Plantations in America; and for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, to that Part of Great Britain ca led England.

WHEREAS An Act was made in the third and fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in ame ath been found to be very advantageous for furnishing with Naval Stores the Royal Navy t and Shipping of this Kingdom, wherein, under God, the Wealth, Safety, and Strength of this Nation t is so much concerned, and depends on the due Supply of Stores necessary for the same; which by a due t Encouragement may be had from her Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in America, which were at first C I'e'tled, and are till maintained and protected at a great Expense from this Kingdom; and in Regard the said Colonies and Plantations may (as they have done) commodiously afford great Quantities of all Sorts t of Naval Stores, by continuing the Encouragement given in the said Act for importing the same into England: 'And whereas the said Act is near expiring; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in (his present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the third and fourth Years of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Importation of Naval Stores from her Majesty's Plantations in America, and every Part thereof, hall be and is hereby continued from the Time of the Expiration of the same, for and during the Space and Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament.

3 & 4 Anne. 10.

tinued for 16 Years Ijy S Geo.

12 Car.?. C

15 Car. 2. r. 7. i Car. 2. e.*»

The at 3 & 4 Ann. C 10. continued for]

11 Years from j the Expiration thereof, &c.

The Premium for Hemp Water rot»ed s con r. C 12. §1,

C IT. And whereas there are in several Parts of North Britain, commonly called Scotland, great Store of Premiums for Pine and fir trees, fit for Mails, and for the mr.tcing of Pitch, Tar, Rozin, and other Naval Stores; but 'ringing Naval j 4 the Lands and Woods which may yield such Naval Stores are mostly in Parts mountainous and remote from navigable Rivers; Therefore for the Encouragement of the Proprietors of such Lands and Woods, in the making the Roads, Passages, and Rivers in those northern Parts useful and commodious, to the Pub For the encou hek, as well as for conveying such Naval Stores to Sea Ports in North Britain, to be brought by Sea to that ragement reia part of Great Britain called England. Be it enacted, &c. ting hereto, f

see

2 Geo. 2. c. 35.

"Tar 41 per Tun. Pitch 4.]. Tun. Rosin 3i per Tun. Malts, C zes per Tun. To be paid by the Officers of the Navy on Certificate from the Custom Officers where landed. By 5 Geo. i. C 11., "§. t6, 17. and 8 Geo. r. c. iz. §.4. farther Provisions are made concerning such Certificate. And on "Certificate from the Comptroller of the Customs, C in North Britain where such Stores hall be im barked, that such Naval Stores were of the Growth of Scotland, &c. The Preemption to be tendred to "..the Commissioners of the Navy. Making a false Oath, or counterfeiting Certificate, &c. to suffer the "Penalties of wilful Perjury, and forfeit icol. Comptroller, &c. making false Certificate, liable ta the,

Hz I "Pc

604,

Farther Provi* ji*i relating to (he Plantations, geo, i. C II ia GW. a. r, 30

1.

13 & 14 Car. 2. C 22.

18 Car. 2. C 3.

29 & 30 Car. 2. C X

3 Jac. 2. C 14.

7 & 8 W, 3. C 37.

12 & 13 W. 3. C 6.

Preamble reciting the as

7 Ann. C 7.

8 Ann. C 1, relating to Exchequer Bills.

Stat. i. Anno duodecimo Anna Reginae. A.D. 1713.

"Penalties in 13 & 14 Car. 2. C 11. Mailer, (Ac, importing Foreign Stores, as of the Growth of Scotland,

"to forfeit tool, as also the Ship, fsv."

EXP.

8 c?t'o. 1. C is 15. 13 Geo. 1. c. 5. 3 Geo. z, C z & 4 GW. z. C 15. 5 GW. 2. C 7 & 6 Geo. 2. c. 13. 8 GW, 2. C 19,

j 5 Geo. 2. c. 33^33. 24 Geo. 2. c. 51 53, 29 Geo. z, C 5 35. and 30 Geo. 2. c. 9.

CAP. X -

An Act for continuing the Acts therein mentioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England.

WHEREAS in the Session of Parliament held in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the yv Reign of our late Sovereign King Charles the Second, an Act was made, intituled, An Act for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; which was thereby to continue in Force for and during the Term of five Years: And whereas another Act was made in the eighteenth Year of the said late intituled, An Act to continue a former Act to prevent Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; both which Acts were revived and continued by another Act made in the twenty-ninth and thirtieth Years of the Reign of the said late King, intituled, An Act for continuing two former Acts, for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, for and during the Space and Term of seven Years, and also from thence until the End of the first Session of the then next Parliament; which three aforementioned Acts, by an Act made in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, intituled, An Act for Continuance of three former Acts, for preventing of Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, were continued for and during the Space and Term of ele ven Years, and from thence unto the End of the first Session of the then next Parliament; and were fur there continued by an Act made in the seventh and eighth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act to continue four former Acts for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England, for and during the Space and Term of five Years, and from thence unto the End of the first Session of the next Parliament; all which Acts and every of them, by an Act made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the said late King William, intituled, anailfor continuing the Acts thereinmen tioned, for preventing Theft and Rapine upon the Northern Borders of England; and all and every Matter,

Clause and Clauses therein contained, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given, were enacted to continue and be in full Force from and after the Expiration of the therein last mentioned Act,

for and during the Space and Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament: And it was also by the last herein mentioned Act provided and enacted, That the said Acts shall be accepted, taken and reputed to be general and public Acts of Parliament, of which all and every the Judge and Judges of this Kingdom, in all Courts, hall take Notice on ail Occasions whatso ever, as if they were public Acts of Parliament relating to the whole Kingdom: All which Acts have been found necessary for the Preservation of those Places from that great Number of lewd and disorderly Persons that usually frequented and infefted those Parts, and are now near expiring; ' Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all the said Acts, and every of them, and all and every Matter, Clause and Clauses in them or any of them contained, and all and every the Powers and Authorities thereby given, shall continue and be in full Force from and after the Expiration of the said Act, made in the twelfth and thirteenth Years of the said late King William, for and during the Space and Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the first Session of the next Parliament, and no longer. [Farther continued by 24 Geo. 2. c. 57. to 1 Sept. 1757, C See 6 Geo. 2. c. 37.

CAP. XI.

An Act to raise twelve hundred thousand Pounds for public Uses, by circulating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills; and for enabling her Majesty to raise five hundred thousand Pounds on the Revenues appointed for Uses of her Civil Government, to be applied for or towards Payment of such Debts and Arrears owing to her Servants, Tradestnen, and others, as are therein mentioned.

4 Tk TAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; Whereas in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made jlvjl. in the seventh Year of your majesty's Reign (amongst other Things) for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, several Bills commonly called Exchequer Bills, were made forth, amount ing in Principal Money to two Millions and five hundred thousand Pounds, for your majesty's Supply;

and in Pursuance of another Act of the same Session of parliament made (amongst other Things) forcir dilating a further Sum in Exchequer Bills; and of an Act made in the eighth Year of your majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, further Exchequer Bills, to the Amount of tour hundred thousand Pounds in Principal Money, have also been issued for your majesty's Supply: And whereas Provfion was made in the Acts before mentioned, That the said Bills should bear an Interest of twopence percent, per Diem, when they respectively should not be in the public Receipts; and that the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for circulating the said Bills (by exchanging such of

3 " 4 them

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo anne Reginae. Stat. 1. 605

them for ready Money as Should, from Time to Time, have passed through your majesty's Revenue or Taxes, and also through the Exchequer in the Manner therein mentioned) Should have an Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds percent, per Ann. for the whole Sum of the said Bills, amounting to two Mil

5 lions and nine hundred thousand Pounds: And whereas in and by the said Act of the seventh Year of your 7 Ann. C 7,

majesty's Reign, certain Duties were granted, continued, or made payable to your Majesty, your Heirs and Successors, for ever (subject to such Redemption as is therein expressed) that is to say, the Duties called the two Thirds of a Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage therein mentioned, which were to take s Effect by that Act, from the seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and eleven, certain Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Paste, Tea, Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace, Pictures and Muffins, and certain increased Duties upon Coffee, Coconuts, Chocolate, Cocoa Pass, Tea,

Nutmegs, Cinnamon, Cloves, Mace and Pictures, and certain further Rates or Duties upon all white Calicoes, Porcelan, commonly called China Ware, and Drugs; all which are to take Effect by the Act ' last mentioned, from the twenty-third Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and one Half of another Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage therein mentioned, which is to take Effect from and after the last Day of July one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and all the said Duties so granted, conti nued, or made payable, together with the Surplus which Should, from Time to Time, arise of or from the other Half of the same Subsidy of Tonnage and Poundage (over and above eighty thousand Pounds per Ann. formerly charged thereupon for Payment of Annuities) and diverse Arrears and other Sums ofmo ney or Revenues more largely' described in the said Act of the seventh Year of your majesty's Reign, are thereby, and by the other Acts abovementioned, or some of them, made a general Fund or Security for paying the said interest which war to be born on the said Bills, and the said Allowance after the Rate of three Pounds percent, per Ann. and for or towards raising a yearly Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds for paying off and cancelling the said Bills; and by the aforesaid Acts, or some of them, it was provided,

that Quarterly at the four usual Feasts of the Year, until the said Duties should take Effect, and be sufficient for Payment of the said Interest and Allowance, there should be a Computation made of the Sum which on every of the said Feast Days should be due and owing (over and above so much as should have been applied of the said Duties to those Purposes) for the said Interest and Allowance, and that other Exchequer Bills should be made out for so much as should be so computed to be due, bearing the like Interest, and for circulating whereof the said Governor and Company were to have the like allow ance of three Pounds percent, per Ann. and the Quarterly Bills so made forth until and for the Quarter ended at Ladyday one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, have amounted to the further Sum of four hundred and eighty thousand three hundred and twelve Pounds, and ten Shillings, or thereabouts, and more Quarterly Bills of the like Nature may further be issuable on the said former Acts: And by the same Acts,

or some of them, it was declared and enacted, That out of the Remainder of the said Duties and Revenues, when and as the same should respectively take Effect (Regard being first had to the said Payments for Interest and Circulation, which are always to be preferred) the full Sum of two hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as the said Remainder would from Time to Time extend unto, should be appropriated for paying off all the Principal Money which should be contained in the said Bills, and for

cancelling the same, until all the said Bills should be discharged and cancelled: And whereas by an Act Rec; tai of

made and passed in the ninth Year of your majesty's Reign, for enabling and obliging the Bank of England, Ann. C y.

4 to exchange all Exchequer Bills for ready Money upon Demand, it was enacted, That the full Sum of fortyfive thousand Pounds per Ann. should be paid to and for the Use of the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, by Quarterly Payments, and by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner and Form, as in that Act are prescribed, until such Time as all the said Quarterly Exchequer Bills made or to be made for Interest or Allowance, as aforesaid, together with a Million of the said Bills for two Mil lions nine hundred thousand Pounds shall be paid off and cancelled, or until such Time as there shall not be Handing out and uncancelled more than one million and nine hundred thousand Pounds in the whole of the said Bills for two millions and nine hundred thousand Pounds, and Quarterly Bills taken

together (which of the Limitations aforesaid shall first happen) as by the said several Acts, Relation being thereunto respectively had, may more fully appear: And whereas the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England are willing (for the Public Service) to undertake the Circulation of the further Sum of twelve hundred thousand Pounds in other Exchequer Bills to be issued for your majesty's 4 Supply, and of such Quarterly Bills for Interest and other Allowances, as shall and may be made forth in Pursuance of this present Act, so as the said Governor and Company may have such Encouragements,

and such Terms and Advantages as are hereafter in this Act expressed:: 'we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament act embled, do humbly beseech your Majesty that it may be enacted, &c.'

Treasury may issue out i, 2oo, ooool. in Exchequer Bills. Bills to bear Interest at 2d. percent, per Diem to the Bearer, and to the Bank 3l. percent, per Ann. 8000l. above the 45000l. of9 Ann. C 7. to be paid "to the bank yearly, to commence 31 July 1713. and paid Quarterly. To be paid till no more than 44 1, 900, ^001. stand out uncancelled.9ann. c.j. Subsidies, Duties, &c. 7 Ann. C 7. shall be the general Fund and Security. The 3 1 percent. to be paid weekly. Treasury to direct Imprdt Money for discharging Interest on Exchequer Bills. After paying the Interest of 2 d per cent.per Diem, an Allowance of 3i pef Cent, per Ann. the Moneys grown due on the 8000l. and 4^,000l. per Ann. shall Quarterly be paid to the Bank, &c. Remainder appropriated forpaying off and discharging Exchequer bills. See 1 Geo. 1.

Stat. 2. C 12. Set. 15. Till the Fund established takes Effect, Treasury to compute Quarterly the interest due and owing, &c. And to make out other Bills for so much as shall be due, wi h like Interest and Currency, &c. Deficiency to be made goodbye Parliament. Surplus disposable by Parliament:

These Bills shall be subject to the Rules, &c. of the former Acts, &c. The Powers, &c. of the former

Acts

6o5

Stat. i.

Anno duodecimo Anni, Regina.

7 Amr, C 7.

n?rnvlfo in 7 Anna? for de t rmining the ea?ly Fund and corporation, on twelve Months Notice after 3 August 1732, repealed.

'On r? Months Not ce after 1 ag. 1-741. and on Payment to che Rink of3, 600, 00c 1. C the \caily Fund of icojoco L 10 cease. Repealed by 1. G C 2 1

y -- '- 3-

After Redemption, see. corpora ion to determine.

Farther Prowl jlone concerti £.*nkt iz A n. A. 2. C 3.

3 Geo. 1. 1. 8. ji Geo. 1. C9I 'ceo. z.fiat. 2,

C S, 2 gvc, 2 'puhick adv.

A.D. 171

o "

"relating to Exchequer dills, to be in Force. Yearly Sums, Allowance, and Interest, tax free. "Dank obliged to exchange for Ready Adoney all Exchequer bills, in Default may be sued. Dank may "contrail with others for furnishing Alonies: Such Contrails not chargeable with the Stamp-duties. Fur "sealed Bills may he itilled to the Amount of the Contrails. Bank may call in Money from their "Members, for circulating, &c. Alonies so called in may be made Part of the Capital Stock. All Rules, "(Ac. relating to the Capital Stock, to be extended to the same so enlarged. Bank continued till all the "Exchequer bills he discharged. After all the Bills, &c. are discharged, the several Subsidies, &c. shall "be understood to be redeemed hv Parliament. The said Subsidies, &c. may be redeemed, without rs V deeming the other Funds."

EXP.

XXIII. And whereas by the said Ail made in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, it was declared 's and enabled, That the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, for ever,

should continue and be one Body Corporate and Politic, and Should forever have, receive and enjoy the

entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, out of certain Rates and Duties of

Excise therein described, and such Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Pri ' vileges, Profits, and Advantages, as are therein expressed, subject nevertheless to a Power and Condition of Redemption, in that Abl contained in that Behalf: And it was thereby provided and enabled. That at any Time upon twelve Alonths Notice after the first Day of August, which should be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and thirty-two. and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the several Sums, amount ing to sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, therein mentioned, without any Dedublion, Discount, 'or Abate ment whatsoever, to be made out of the said Sum of sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, or any Part there ' of, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their Successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Money, which should be

owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer Orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, should have remaining in the: r Hands, or he intituled to, at the Time of such Notice to be given, as aforesaid, (such Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision was made in the same Abl, only excepted) then, or in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds should cease and determine, as by the same Abl (Relation being thereunto

had) may more plainly appear Now for the better Encouragement of the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to perform the Service of circulating all the Exchequer bills, according to the true Meaning of this Act, It is hereby declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said recited Proviso or Condition for determining the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds, upon twelve Alonths Notice, after the said first Day of August one thousand seven hundred thirty rwo, upon such Payments, as aforesaid, ileal 1 be, and is hereby repealed and made void; and that the said Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and their Successors, forever, shall remain, continue and be one Body Corporate and Politic, by the Name of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and shall for ever have, receive and enjoy the said entire yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds out of the said Rates and Duties of Excise, together with a perpetual Succession, and all Abilities, Capacities, Powers, Authorities, Franchises, Exemptions, Privileges, Profits and Advantages whatsoever, whereunto the Governor and Company of the Bank of England are, or before the making of this Act were intituled by an\f Act or Acts of Parliament, Grants or Charters whatsoever, nowin Force; subject nevertheless to such re ftriblions, Rules, Directions, Agreements, Matters and Things, as in the said Abls and Charters, or any of them, nowin Force are contained or prescribed; and also subject to the Power and Condition of Redemption, hereafter in this Act contained in this Behalf.

XXIV. Provided always, and it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That at any Time upon twelve Months Notice after the first Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thou firnd seven hurted forty-two, and not before, and upon Repayment by Parliament to the said Governor and Company or the Bank of England, or their Successors, of the said Sum of sixteen hundred thousand Pounds, without any Dedublion, Discount or Abatement whatsoever, and upon Payment to the said Governor and Company, and their successors, of all Arrears of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and all the Principal and Interest Adoney which shall be owing unto them upon all such Tallies, Exchequer orders, or Parliamentary Funds, which the said Governor and Company, or their Successors, hall have rem ining in their Hands, or be intituled to at the Time of such Notice to be given, as aforesaid (such Funds, for Redemption whereof other Provision is made in the said former Abls, or any of them, or in this Act, always excepted) then and in such Case, and not till then, the said yearly Fund of one hundred thousand Pounds shall ceafo and determine.

XXV. Provide! also, and it is hereby enacted, That from and after such Redemption of the said one hundred thousand Pounds per Annum, and from and after Redemption hall also be made by Parliament of the Annuity of one hundred and six thousand five hutidred and one Pounds, thirteen Shillings and five Pence per Annum, by the said Abl of the seventh Year of her ajajefiy's Reign, settled and payable to the said. Governor and Company, in the Adanner therein mentioned, and from and after Redemption shall likewise he made of the Fund established. by this Act, in Relation to the said Exchequer Bills, then, and not till then, the said Corporation of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England shall cease and determine, but. till then, the said Governor and Company shall continue a Corporation, and shall have and enjoy all the Powers and Privileges they are now intituled unto, as aforesaid.

C 3. 11 Geo. C C 27. Je. 16. 35 Geo. 2. c. 13. 19 Geo. 2. c. 6. 24 Geo. 2. e, 4.

XXVI. And be it further enacted and declared, Thai: this Act shall] be esteemed in ail Courts of I aw and Equity to be a public Abl, and Notice thereof shall be taken as such by all Courts and persons accordingly

And

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo anne Reginae. Stat. r. 607

XXVII. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the fiifl Year of her Majesty S Recital of the Reign, intituled, An Act for the better Sitpport of her Majesty's Houshold, and of the Honour and Dignity ofaet 1 ' the Crown, It was enacted and declared, That the Hereditary Rates and Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, Sut' i C

and other Liquors, which were granted to the Crown in the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty 12 Car. 2. C 22.

King Charles the Second, and the Duties of Excise upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, by the Lid ab.t

of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign granted to her Majesty for the Term of her Life (subject never thelci's to such weekly Payments or Encumbrances as were thereby appointed to be charged upon, and payable out of the several Duties of Excise before mentioned) and the Revenue of the General Letter Office or Post office, and diverse small Branches of her Majesty's Revenues therein enumerated, and the Moneys arising by the further Subsidy of Tunnage and Poundage, and other Duties upon Wines, Goods,

and Merchandizes, by the said Act granted or made payable to her Majesty during her Life, should be for the Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown; and in the said Act several Provisions are made to restrain Granting or Aliening the Revenues aforesaid, any of them

since which Time the Revenues of first fruits and Tenths of the Clergy (being Part of the said small

Branches) have been otherwise disposed by or in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament in that Behalf; and S Anna, C 2^ 4 the Revenue arising in the General Letter office or Poll office hath been since regranted and increased, and Part of that Revenue foregranted and increased hath been appropriated to raise Money for the pu slick Use, and other Part thereof is applicable to the Support of her Majesty's said Household, and the

Honour and Dignity of the Crown, pursuant to another Act of Parliament made for those Ends and Pur9 Anne, C io.s

poses, as by the said respective Acts, Relation being thereunto had, may more fully appear: And whereas by Occasion of several extraordinary Expenses since the said Act of the first Year of her Majesty's Reign,

diverse Arrears of Salaries, Wages, Diet moneys, and other Allowances, and sundry Debts for Emptions,

Provisions, and other Causes, have incurred, and grown due to her Majesty's'servants, Tradesmen, and others, and do now remain unsatisfied, which Debts and Arrears do amount to a very considerable Sum in the Whole, and are properly chargeable upon the said Branches or Revenues which were appointed for the Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, as aforesaid: Nov

her majesty's laid most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament assembled,

being deftrous that her Majesty, in the Administration of her Civil Government, may not remain under -

any Difficulties, in Respect of the Arrears or Debts contracted, as aforesaid, and being the refore deftrous.

that a Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds may be raised, by such Ways and Means, as in this Act are attthorised or appointed, the better to enable her Majesty to discharge the said Debts and Ar rears, do, for that End and Purpose, most humbly pray that it may be enacted' '

Her Majesty, by Letters Patents, may appoint 35, 000 1. per Annum for 32 Years, to be issued out of the Exchequer, chargeable on the Revenues of the Crown, &c. and preferable to all other Payments, hut. not to prejudice any Dispositions, C since 1 Anna, of the First fruits, Poll office, &c. Letters pa- tents to direct how the said Sum shall be paid, and to empower Persons to advance the Tame, &c. and to direct how i.be Moneys may be transferred. The Letters Patents pood in Law. No See to be taken,

"nor Money to be diverted, on Pain of Incapacity, and treble Damages. Money advanced, tax r. 44 free. EXP."

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money lent, and to be lent to her Appropriation,

Majesty upon one Act of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to of me ieverai

be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, s^yphes ctintcl and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the 1 f jf 'ion't. Loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred the.eunto, ^n2nai) and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent, or to be lent unto her Majesty upon another Act of this Session of Parliament, for granting to her Majesty Duties upon Malt, 12 Anna;, Stat, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and foc 2* much Money of the said Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry thereby granted, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Act, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charge thereby allowable for the raising the said Duties thereby. granted, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall he reserved to discharge the same; and all the Sums (not exceeding twelve hundred thousand Pounds) authorised by this Act to be issued in Exchequer bills, shall he appropriated for or towards the several Uses, Intents and Purposes herein after expressed, (that is to say)

For or towards defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, and for Victuals, Wages, Ordinary of t! e

Wear anj Tear, and other Services of the Navy, and Victualling thereof, performed and to be performed, C

and for Sea Service in the Ordnance, performed and to be performed, so as all the Blues to be made out of the said Aids or Supplies, for all the Naval or Marine Services beforementioned, do not in the whole exceed

one Million and two hundred thousand Pounds, over and above the Money to be male good to the

South Sea Company, as is herein after mentioned; and for or towards defraying the Charge of half-pay, half p'v for

to such Officers as have served well at Sea irf the late War, and shall be out of Employment by Sea or Land '

in Time of Peace, so as such half-pay, within the Year one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, do not exceed seventeen thousand Pounds, out of the same Aids or Supplies; and for or towards defraying the

Charge of the Land Forces in her Majesty's Service for six Months, from the two and twentieth Day of L n|1*i'orce! fr

December one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the three and twentieth Day of 'june one thousand LIX Mocths -

seven hundred and thirteen, both inclusive, and for reducing their Numbers; and for or towards the Charge

of her Majesty's Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, from the three and twentieth Day of June one Guards red.

thousand seven hundred and thirteen to the five and twentieth Day of December following, including Ge ari, ns "

neral

6o8 Stat. i.

Anno duodecimo Ann Regime. A.D. 1713.

Forces in Minorca.

Forces in Gibraltar. Forces at Dunkirk for five Months.

Forces in the Flantations.

Marines,

half-pay for Land officers.

nernl Officers and Contingencies; and for or towards the Charge of her Majesty's Forces in the Island of Minorca, from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen to the four and twentieth Day of December following; and for or towards the Charge of her Majesty's Forces in Gibraltar, from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen to the four and twentieth Day of December following; and for or towards the Charge of her Majesty's Forces at Dunkirk for five Months, from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and for or t°warfis defraying her Majesty's Part of the Charge of the Pay of the Saxe Gotha Troops, from the Troops of Saxe two and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the Time of their Dismiss gotha. fion, with one month's Pay from that time, according to the Treaty in that Behalf; and for or towards defraying

the Charge of her Majesty's Forces in the Plantations for six Months, from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen to the four and twentieth Day of December following; so as all the Ulues to be made out of the said Aids or Supplies, for the said Guards, Garrisons, and Land forces, as aforesaid, for or upoa Account of such respective Services, as are before mentioned, do notin the whole exceed nine hundred thirty seven thousand six hundred and eight Pounds eleven Shillings and sixpence; and for or towards defraying the Charge of half-pay to the Officers (who have served well in half-pay for the the said War] of four Marine Regiments to be disbanded, from the first Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirteen to the four and twentieth Day of December following, so as such half-pay for the said Marine Officers do not exceed four thousand eight hundred seventy nine Pounds and six Shillings, out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid; for or towards defraying the Charge of half-pay to the Land officers who have served well in the said War, and are disbanded, or are to be disbanded, to the five and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, so as such half-pay to the said Land officers do not exceed ninety-nine thousand twenty and eight Pounds six Shillings and eleven Pence, out of the same Aids or Supplies; and for or towards defraying the Charge of the Out pensioners of the Royal Hospital at Out pencioners Chelsea, to the four and twentieth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, so as the of Cheita Charge last mentioned do not exceed the Sum of sixty one thousand four hundred sixty and four Pounds five Hospital. Shillings and seven Pence, out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid; and for or towards defraying extraordi extraordmancs nary Charges incurred in relation to the late War, so as such extraordinary Charges do not exceed in the of the late War. whole twenty thousand five hundred seventyand two Pounds five Shillings and ten Pence, out of the Aids or Supplies before mentioned; and for or towards the Charge of the Office of her Majesty's Ordnance for Ordnance fur Land service, performed and to be performed, not to exceed in the whole sixty six thousand six hundred Land Service, ninety and eight Pounds three Shillings and five Pence, out of the same Aids or Supplies, including so much (not exceeding two thousand Pounds) as shall be necessary to defray the Charge of covering the Works of the Fortifications already begun in North Britain; and for or towards making good the Deficiency of the Fund granted for the Payment of Principal and Interest of the Class Lottery in the Year one Deficiency of thousand seven hundred and eleven, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and theclals Lot twelve, so as the Sum to be supplied out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, for or towards the same Deficiency _ cy, do not exceed sixty two thousand Pounds; and for or towards Satisfaction of the Sum of six thousand

Saianes, cof Pounds to defray the Salaries and incident Charges of the seven Commissioners, continued by an Act of this of accounts S Session of Parliament for stating the public Accounts of the Kingdom, from the four and twentieth Day II. Anna, Stat, of March one thousand seven hundred and twelve to the five and twentieth Day of March one thousand fe i. C 3. ven hundred ard fourteen; and the further Sum of four thousand and five hundred Pounds, to defray the

Salaries, cof Salaries and incident Charges of the same Commissioners, continued by the same Act for stating and deter the commission* mining the Debts to the Army, from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and the Debitstln^ h thirteen (0 t^lc f°br ard twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; the said re armye u to 11 e spective Sums to be issued and paid by Quarterly Payments to the said Commissioners for themselves, and for Payment of their Clerks, and other incident Charges, without Account, Impressed, or other Charge to be set upon them or any of them for the same, or any Part thereof; and to none other Uses, Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

XXXIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Appropriation, or other Matter or Thing in this Act contained, shall obstruct or hinder any Payment or Payments, which, by and in Pursuance of an Act made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled An act for making good De-

rporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas;

unwrought Iron with the Subjects of Spain, Charter grounded thereupon, are or shall be required and authored to be made by the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy, for the Time being, or by any other Persons to be entrusted with the Public Moneys for the Service of the Navy, out of such Public Moneys, Tallies, Orders, or Parliamentary Securities in their Hands or potver respectively, as are or shall thereby be charg 'd or chargeable to make good any Deficiency or Deficiencies to the Corporation erected in Pursuance of the Act last mentioned, called by the Name of the Governor and Company of merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for incouraging the Fishery, or to their Treasurer, for cheir Use; thing herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXIV. And be it further enacted and declared, That all such of the said Arrears and Debts (intended by this Act to be fatbfied out of the said Sum not exceeding five hundred thousand Pounds, to be raised, as aforesaid) and .11 Debentures for the same, or any of them, as have been, at any Time or Times before the thirtieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, sold, assigned or granted, or covenacted to be assigned or granted, or for which any Authority hath heretofore been given or granted by any of her Majesty's Servants, or by any Husband of any her Majesty's Servants, or by any Wadefman, or other Person, who served Provisions or Goods for her Majesty's Service, or by any of their Executors or Administraters, to receive the same, or any Part thereof, to the Use of such Buyer, Assignee or Grantee, or cf such Pe; soil or Persons so authorised, shall and may be redeemed, and are hereby redeemable by ire

No Apprcpru

vv, to make good Deficiencies to the "South Sea Corporation in Pursuance of9 Anna?, C 21

All Debts intended by this Act 10 be satis head, assigned before 30 June 1713, may be redeemed j ca.

D. 1713.

Anno duodecimo

A n n & Regin.

Stat.

1.

609

Persons who made such Sales, Alignments or Grants, or that gave such Authority respectively, or by their respeistive Executors or Administrators, on Payment of the Principal Sum of Money paid in Consideration of making such Sales, Alignments, Grants, Covenants or Authorities respectively, with the Charges and Interest for the same, from the Time of the Payment thereof, after the Rate of six Pounds' Centum per Annum, discounting for what hath been received, for or in respect of the Arrear or Debt, by any such person or Persons, to whom such Sale, Alignment or Authority was made or given; and upon Payment, or Tender of the said Principal Money, Interest and Charges, such Sale, Grant, Alignment or Authority, and all Covenants and Agreements concerning the same shall be void.

XXXV. Provided nevertheless, That such Redemption, as aforesaid, be made within the Space of six Months from and after the End of this Session of Parliament.

XXXVI. Provided always, That no such Redemption shall be allowed, unless the Party, who shall claim the Bern sit thereof, do enter or cause to be entered a Note or Memorandum of such Claim in the Office where the said Arrear or Debt became due, in a Book to be kept in every such Office for that purpose, on or before the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and; thirteen.

XXXVII Saving always to all and every Person and Persons, Bodies Politic and Corporate, their Heirs and Successors, Executors, Administrators and Assigns (other than to her majesty, her Heirs and successors) all such Rights, Titles, Estates, Customs, Interests, Claims and Demands whatsoever, of, in, to or out of any of the Revenues or Hereditaments, charged or chargeable by virtue of this Act with any Sum not exceeding thirty live thousand Pounds, as they or any of them had or ought to have had, before the making of this Act, as fully to all Intents and Purposes, as if this Act had never been made.; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

XXXVIII. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Sum of five hundred thousand Pounds, or so much thereof as shall be raised, as aforesaid, is hereby appropriated, and shall be applied and disposed in Aid of the said Revenues or Branches, which were appointed for Support of her Majesty's Household, and of the Honour and Dignity of the Crown, for or towards the Paying and Discharging of such Arrears of Salaries, Wages, Diet Money, and other Allowances, and such Debts for Emptions, Provisions, and other Causes, as shall appear to be justly due and owing to her Majesty's Servants, Tradesmen, and others, as aforesaid, and to none other Ule, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

CAP. XII.

An Act for the better Regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty's Service; and for the Payment

of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

EXP.

Redemption to be within six Months after this Session. Claim to be entered in the Office where the Debt became due before 29 Sept., 7i3*

Saving Clause,

Appropriation of 500.-000 1. Sec farther concerning Exchequer bills,

12 Geo. 1. c. 12. 16 Geo. 2. r. 12* 33 Geo. 2. c. 1, id, 21, & 23.

1 Geo. 3. r, is

CAP. XIII.

An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in her Majesty's Service, during the late War, to exercise Trades, and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

WHEREAS there hath been and are diverse Officers and Soldiers who have served her Majesty in For former Lain. ' the late Wars, and were Instrumental, by the Blessing of Almighty God, in obtaining an advan concerning SA ' tageous Peace for these Kingdoms, some of which are Men that used Trades, others that were Apprentices to Trades, who had not served out their Times, and others who by their own Industry have made them 6' c'j/s'

selves apt and fit for Trades, many of which (the Wars being now ended) would willingly employ them c L ' selves in those Trades which they were formerly accustomed to, or which they are apt or able to follow, 6. 2. J

and make Use of, for the getting their Living by their own Labour, but are or may be hindered from 43 El C 3-

exercising those Trades in certain Cities and Corporations, and other Places within this Kingdom, because 31 car z C of certain Bylaws and Customs of those Places, and of the Statute made in the fifth Year of Queen

Elizabeth, prohibiting the Use of certain Trades by any Person who hath not served as an Apprentice to 5 e1'z. C a.

such Trade for the Space of seven Years: 'For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, C "

"and Soldiers who have not deserted the Sendee, having used any Trade, or that were Apprenti "and did not serve out their Times, may setup and exercise Trades: That is to say, Apprentices "may setup their Trades, though they have not served out their Times, and others any Trade in the Counties where they were born. And if indicted, may plead the General issue, and shall recover treble Costs "

"how to be proved. Penalty of producing a forged Commission, or false Certificate. Paymasters "to state Accounts of disbanded Regiments, and pay the Arrears to the Colonels. Colonels to itate Ac "with the Captains; and the Captains with inferior Officers, fsv. and pay what is due, on For "of double the Sum. Disbanded Soldiers setting up Trades shall be freed from Arrests for three "Years, and their Stock, Y. from being taken in Execution. Executors of Colonels, Agents, who "died indebted to the Officers and Soldiers, shall pay such Debts, preferably to all others. Executors ha "paid Debts before the making of this Act, such Payment shall be good. Neither this nor the "iofc? n TV. 3. r. 11. shall prejudice the Privileges of Oxford and cambridgeexp.

Coneming Soldiers see farther i Geo. I. sat. 2. C 47. 3 Geo. 1. c. 2.9 Geo. 2. c. 30. 22 Geo. 2. c. 44. 28 Geo. 2. c. 1. 33 Geo. 2. r, 6, S,

And the yearly Mutiny Adj.

4l

Vol. IV

6; o Scat, i.

Anno duodecimo A n nos Regina,

A.D. f 11.

j / w

CAP. XIV.

'(ian

Act for explaining the Acts for Licensing Hackney Chairs.

9 Ann. C 23.

10 Ann. C 19. S 5s

9 Ann. r.

rhe.reas by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of her now majesty's Reign, _ intituled, An Act for licensing and regulating Hackney Coaches and Chairs, and for charging certain - new Duties on fampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and on Cards and Dice, and on the Exportation of Rock Salt for Ireland, 'and for earning thereby, and by a weekly Payment out of the Pof office, and by several Duties on Hides and Skins, a yearly Fund of one hundred eighty six thousand six hundred and seventy Pounds, ' for thirty-two Tears; to be applied to the Saiisfaftiort of such Orders as are therein mentioned, to the Contrihu tors of any Sum net exceeding two Millions, 'to be raijedfor carrying on the War, and other her Majesty's Oc ' caftans, 1 Power was given to the Commissioners therein mentioned, for licensing two hundred Chairs within the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and all Parishes and Places Within the; weekly Bills of Mortality, for the Term of thirty-two Years, from the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and eleven; and by another Act of Parliament, made in the tenth Year of the Reign of her said Majesty, the said Commissioners had a Power for the lincenfing an additional num ber of Chairs, not exceeding one hundred, from the twenty-fourth of June one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for the Term of thirty-one Years, within the Cities and Liberties aforesaid, so that the whole shall not exceed three hundred: And whereas by the aforesaid Act, made in the ninth Year of her said majesty's Reign, it is, amongst other Things enacted, That the said Commissioners should, in the first: ' Place, licence all such Persons as had then been ancient Coachmen, or ancient Chairmen, or the Widows of any of them, unless they should neglect or refuse to take such Licences, upon the respective Terms thereby allowed, within a reasonable Time to be limited by the said Commissioners, not lcis than twenty Days: And whereas several Doubts have arisen, whether the said Commissioners are obliged by the said Act of the ninth of the Queen, to licence the Widows of Chairmen, or to let them have the Benefit of e such Licences as were granted to their Husbands whilst living, and several Suits of Law have been come menced thereupon, to the great Oppression and Grievance of the Parties concerned Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual! and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, do of ha' k at Commissioners for the Time being, for licensing Coaches and Chairs, pursuant to the recited Acts n y chairmen, mentioned, shall Slid ate hereby required, in the first: Place, to licence all and every the Widow and wi unless they northeast dows of such Hackney Chairman or Chairmen respectively, who have died or shall die possessed of any glcfl to take Licence or Licences, granted by the said Commissioners in Pursuance of the said Acts, unless such Widow ootfucm kence or Widows shall neglect or refuse to take such Licences upon the respective Terms allowed by the Time"* laid incited Acts, within a reasonable Time to be limited by the said Commissioners, not lefts than twenty Days.

Such whovs,

II. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such Widow or wi their Chiirs anj dows, their Chairs, Servants, and every other Person or Persons carrying the same, shall be subject and to such uu?e to such Rules, Penalties, Punishments, Orders, and Bylaws, made, or to be made, concerning

C Uas other LI licensed Hackney Chairs, by Virtue of the said recited Acts, as any other licensed Chairman is by the said censed Chair Acts liable unto; anything in this Act, or in the said recited Acts, contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

Continued by 16 Geo. 2. c. 26. to 24 June j7s0, C Aud farther by 33 Geo. 2. iz Geo. 1. C j2, 20 Geo. 2. c. 10. 30 go. 2. C 2.2. fe, 6. 33 Geo. 2. e, 25.

The Com mss sioners shall in the first Place

C 25, Farther Prwifom concerning Coaches and Chairs, 1 Geo. j, C 57.

CAP. XV.

An Act for making perpetual an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to same in par l.amen'.

1 fcs w. 3. r.

iz & 13 W. 3. 5-

The Act 7 & 8 W. 3. C 7. aide perpetual.

WHEREAS in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, rn Act was made, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and was thereby enacted to continue for the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, and no longer; which Act by another Act made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of the said late King, intituled, An Act for continuing a former Act to prevent false and double Returns e cf Members to serve in Parliament, was enacted, should thereafter be in Force for and during the Term of eleven Years, and from thence to the End of the first: Sessions of the next Parliament, and no longer;which said Act has been found by Experience to be very useful for the Preservation of the Rights of the several Counties, Cities and Boroughs of this Kingdom, in the Election of Members to serve in Parlia rnent, and being near expiring Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act to prevent false and double Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, and every Clause, Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be, and is hereby declared to be in full Force, and is hereby made perpetual.

3

A.D.

1713<

Anno decimo anne Regina.

Stat.

j.

611

CAP. XVI.

An Act for the better Encouragement of the making of Sail cloth in Great Britain.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WHEREAS the making of Sail cloth in Great Britain is of great Use and Benefit to the Nation, being setup in several Parts of this united Kingdom, employing many thousands of the Poor, and 1 is brought to great Perfection; by the Duties on Hemp and Flax imported, and Drawback on Foreign made Sail cloth exported, the Makers of British Sail cloth have not a sufficient Encouragement for so useful and beneficial a Manufacture; Therefore we your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commcu, of Great Britain in Parliament assembled, have given and granted to your Majesty such additional Duty upon Foreign Sail cloth to be imported, as is herein after mentioned; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from and after the one and twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, over and above all Subsidies, Duties, Impositions and Payments, already due and payable, or which ought to be paid to her Majesty, for or upon such Foreign made Sails and Sail cloth, or Canvas usually entered as Hollands duck or VI try Canvas, which hall be fit and proper to be made use of, for making of Sails for navigating Ships and Vessels, and which shall be imported into Great Britain by Way of Merchandise, except such Canvas as is of the Product and Manufacture of Ireland, there shall be raised and levied, collected, and paid unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, a further Duty of one Penny per Ell, and after that Rate for greater or lesser Quantities, during the Term of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and no longer; the same to be raised, levied, collected and recovered, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and subject to such Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as any Subsidy payable to her Majesty, for any other Goods or Merchandizes imported, or to be imported, may by any Law or Laws now in Force be raised, levied, collected and recovered.

CII. And whereas Hemp and Flax imported draws back nothing of the Duties paid for the same, when wrought up into British Sail cloth; ' Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That out of the Paid additional Duty of one Penny per Ell, a Reward or Recompense of one Penny be given and paid for every Ell of British made Sail cloth or Canvas, fit for or made into Sails, which from and after the one and twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and within the said Term of seven Years, or at any Time before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, hall be exported out of Great Britain by Way of Merchandise: Provided always, That the Exporter of such British made Sail cloth shall always, before he receives any such Reward, make Oath (which the proper Officers of the customs have hereby Power to administer) that such Sail cloth was made in Great Britain, is adbually exported or hipped to be exported, without any Intention to be relanded in any Part of Great Britain, and that no former Reward upon this at was made for the same Sail cloth.

III. And it is hereby enacted, That if any British made Sail cloth, for which such Reward shall be given, hall be relanded in Great Britain, the same hall be forfeited; and every Person concerned in bringing back or relanding the same, shall forfeit two Shillings for every El so brought back or relanded; one Moiety of which Forfeitures hall be to her Majesty, and the other Moiety thereof to such as will seize, inform or sue for the same, or the Value thereof, to be recovered by Action, Bill, Suit or Information, in any her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster, or in the Exchequer at Edinburgh, wherein no Essoin, Protection, Wager of Law, or more than Imparlance shall be allowed. [This at is continued for seven Years by" C 17. §. 4. and by 20 Geo. 2. c. 4;. to 1 June 1754, fsr.]

I Jac. 1. C 14. '7 & S W. 3. C JO, & 39.

10 (jeo. 1.

After 21 July 1713. a further Duty of 1 d. per EJ1, laid on Foreign Sail cloth, C imported for seven Years.

Except Canvas of the Product of Ireland. Continued by 33 Geo. 2. c. 17, to 29sej>t»

1767.

Out of the said Duty shall be allowed a Reward of 1 d. per Ell for Sail cloth made in Great Britain, which within the said Time shall be exported. The Exporter to make Oath that it was made in Great Britain, is actually exported, C Penalty of re landing Sail cloth for which such Reward has been given. Farther Promt

Sail cloth, Geo. z,

Jions concerning

9 Geo. 2. c. 37. 10 Geo. 2. c. 27. 19 Geo. 2. C 27. 23 Geo. 2. c. 21, 32* 26 Geo 2. C 32,

Cap. XVII.

An act to vest in the Commissioners for building fifty new Churches in and about London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, as much of the Street near the May Pole in the Strand 'in the County of mijdlesex, as shall be sufficient to build one of the Did Churches upon; and for restoring to the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall, and College of Brazen Nose in the University of Ox on, their Righc of Presentation to Churches and Chapels in Stejney Parish.

WHEREAS by an at of Parliament passed in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, 9 Ann CI S An Aid for granting to her Majesty several Duties upon Coals, for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other purpoj es therein mentionedit is (amongst other Things) enabled, That it Should and might be lawful to and for her Majesty, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, constitute and appoint such Persons as her Majesty should think fit, to be Commissioners, to inquire and inform themselves in what Parishes the said new Churches (except one for greenvach) were most necessary to be built, and of proper Places for the Sites of the said respective new Churches; and also a Cemetery or churchyard for each of the said Churches;

and also which of the Chapels within the said Parishes are.fit to be made Parish Churches; and that they

6l2

Stat. i.

Anno duodecimo anne Reginae. A.D. 1713.

should ascertain the several Houses, Lands, Tenements and Hereditaments, and the Bounds and Limits which in their Judgments or Opinion might be fit to be made distinct Parishes: whereas her Majesty, ' by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the one and twentieth Day of September in the tenth Year of her Reign, did nominate, constitute, authorise and appoint Thomas Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, John Lord Archbishop of York, John Lord Bishop of Bristol, Henry Lord Bishop of London, Jonathan Lord Bishop of Winchester, Nathaniel Lord Bishop of Durham, and diverse other Persons, to be Commissioners for the Purposes aforesaid: whereas by another Act of jo Ann. C ij. ' Parliament passed in the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time given to Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an Act for granting to her Majesty several Duties on Coals for building fifty new Churches in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned; and for giving the said Commissioners further Power for better effecting the same, and for appointing Moneys for rebuilding the Parish Church of St. Mary Woolnoth in the City of

London, it is, amongst other Things, enacted, That the Commissioners, or any five or more of them, should proceed to do and perform all and every the Matters and Things in and by the said Acts intended

to be done and performed: And it is thereby provided and enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, at any Time before the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to nominate, ' constitute and appoint such Persons to be Commissioners to execute all and every the Powers in the first recited Act, and in the said last Act mentioned, as her Majesty should think, fit; And whereas her Majesty

in Pursuance of the said last recited Act, by Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, ' bearing Date the seven and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and twelve, nominate, ' constitute and appoint Thomas Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, John Lord Archbishop of York, Simon Lord Harcourt, then Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of Great Britain (now Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain) John Duke of the County of Buckingham and Normanby, Henry Viscount Bolingbroke, the Right Reverend Father in God William Lord Bishop of Chester, and the Right Reverend Father in God 1 Philip then Lord Bishop of St. Davids (now Lord Bishop of Hereford) and diverse other Persons, to be Commissioners; and that they, or any five or more of them, should do, perform, and execute all and every the Powers, Matters and Things, in and by the said recited Acts, and either of them, appointed to be done and performed: And whereas the vacant Piece of Ground at and about the Maypole in the Strand in the County of Middlesex, is a proper Place for the building one of the said fifty new Churches upon, which cannot be appropriated to that Use, without the Aid of Parliament; ' Be it therefore enacted, C "

"Waste Ground in the Strand on which the new Church is to be built, vested in the Commissioners "by Letters Patent bearing Date 27 Sept. 1712. Such Church to be deemed one of the fifty new ones. A Street way and Passage to be left on the North Side and East End of the said Church." P R.

9 Ann. C 16, '

IV. And whereas by am Act made in the first Session of this present Parliament, intituled, An Act for

a private Act. ' confirming to the Principal and Scholars of King's Hall and College of Brazen Nose in the University of Oxon,

1 the Purchase of the Advowsons of Stepney and other Churches, and for settling the same to the Benefit of the said College, it is provided, That it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Principal and Scholars,

and their Successors, upon every Vacancy, from Time to Time, to nominate and appoint respectively sit Clerks to officiate in the Chapel of Stratford bow, and in all other Churches or Chapels that' then were or should be built, within the Parish of Slebunhcath alias Stepney in the County of Middlesex, and to receive the Profits belonging to the same: And whereas by a Clause in an Act made in the second Sessions of this

so Ann. C it. C present Parliament, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time given to the Commissioners appointed by her Majesty, pursuant to an act for granting to her Majesty, several Duties on Coals, for Building fifty new Churches,

in and about the Cities of London and Westminster and Suburbs thereof, and other Purposes therein mentioned;

and also for giving the said Commissioners further Powers for better effecting the same, and for appointing Moneys for rebuilding the Parish Church of Saint Mary Woolnoth in the City of London; it is enacted, That in every new Church and Parish to be erected or constituted pursuant to the same Act (other than such Chapels as, according to the same Act, should be converted into Parochial Churches) the first Rector should be nominated and appointed by her Majesty, of and in such new Church and Parish; which Act there being no express Saving to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, of their Right upon every Vacancy, from Time to Time, to nominate or present respectively sit Clerks to officiate, as aforesaid, it may happen to be controverted, whether the first Rector in every new Church and Parish, to be erected or constituted pursuant to the same Act, in the said Parish of Stebunheath alias Stepney, and also in such Cha pels within the same Parish as should be converted into Parochial Churches, pursuant to the same Act, might belong to the said Principal and Scholars, and their Successors, to.nominate and appointnow for the preventing of all such Controversies, it is hereby enacted, C

The Principal and Scholars of Brazen Nose in Oxford, shall nominate the first Rector in every new Church or Chapel turned into a Church in Stepney Parish. Nothing in this Act shall prejudice the Right, Cfc. of«John Walker, Gu" P R.

Stat. i.

6

V

CAP. XVIII.

An Act for making perpetual the Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this long dom; and that Persons bound Apprentices to, or being hired Servants with Persons coming with Certificates, shall not gain Settlements by such Services or Apprenticeships: And for making perpetual the Act made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled,

An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present War, ., and six Months longer: And for reviving a Clause in an Act made in the ninth and tenth years of the Reign of the late King William, intituled An act for settling the frade to Africa, for allowing Foreign Copper Bars imported, to be exported.

WHEREAS an Act made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the late King P; &, Ca charles the Second, intituled An act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was enacted, C 12. "

'to have Continuance (except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) t only until the twenty-ninth Day of May one thousand six hundred sixty five, and from thence to the End of the first Sessions of the next Parliament; which said Act, by an Act made in the frit Year of the Reign t of the late King James the Second, (except what related to the Corporations therein mentioned, and r jac. 2. C 17. thereby constituted) was enacted to be in Force from the fit ft Day of May one thousand six hundred eighty-five, and so to continue for the Space of seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next -. t Sessions of Parliament; and by. an act made in the third and fourth Years of the Reign of King William 3

and Queen Mary, the said Act (as to what therein related to the Settlement of the Poor) was enacted to C n)

be in h orce from the first Day of March one thousand six hundred ninety one; but no Provision was thereby made for continuing diverse other Parts of the said Act, which said Act, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, as to all Parts thereof, not mentioned and continued in and by the said Adr made in the third and fourth Years of their late Majesties (other than and except what relates, w & M

to the Corporations mentioned in the said Act, [For the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom,] and (JQ5 s",

thereby constituted, was, by an Act made in the fourth and fifth Years of the Reign of their late Majesties,

continued only for the Space of sevenyears, from the thirteenth Day of February one thousand six hundred ninety-two, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament; which said Act afterwards by ' a 1 Act of the eleventh and twelfth Years of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, j & vt. 3.,

An Act for continuing several Laws therein mentioned, was continued only for seven Years, from the twenty C 13.

ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred; and which said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth e Years of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, by an Act made in the fifth Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, inti s Ann C

tuled, An Act for continuing the Laws therein mentioned relating to the Poor, and to the Buying and Selling of Cattle in Smithfield, and for suppressing of Piracy, was enacted to be in Force from the twenty-fifth Day of March one thousand seven hundred and seven (except what relates to the Corporations therein mentioned, and thereby constituted) only for seven Years, and from thence to the End of the next Sessions of Parliament; which said Act of the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the Reign of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, being found to be ' a very useful and necessary Law, and being near expiring be it therefore enacted by the queen's moil; r eic. llent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Act, made in The Act 13'* the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of the said late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the 14. Car. 2. <-. 12, better Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, shall be and is hereby made perpetual. made perpetual.

e II. And whereas by an Act made in the eighth and ninth Years of the Reign of the late King William SOUTHWEST,

the Third, intituled, An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this C 30.

Kingdom, It was amongst other Things enacted, in the Words following, (viz.) That if any Person or 1 Persons whatsoever, that from and after the first Day of May one thousand six hundred ninety seven shall come into any Parish, or other Place, there to inhabit or reside, shall, at the same Time, procure, bring,

and deliver to the Churchwardens or Overseers of the Poor of the Parish or Place where any such Person shall come to inhabit, or to any or either of them, a Certificate under the Hands and Seals of the Church wardens and Overseers of the Poor of any other Parish, Township or Place, or the major Part of them,

or under the Hands and Seals of the Overseers of the Poor of any other Place, where there are no Church

to be attested respectively by two or more credible Witnesses, thereby owning and acknowledging,

Person or Persons mentioned in the said Certificate, to be an Inhabitant or Inhabitants legally settled in that Parish, township or Place, every such Certificate having been allowed of and subscribed by

two or more of the Justices of the Peace of the County City, Liberty, Borough, or Town corpo rate, wherein the Parish or Place, from whence any such Certificate shall come, doth lie, shall.

the said Parish or Place to receive and provide for the Person mentioned in the said Certificate, to gether with his or her Family, as Inhabitants of that Parish, whenever he, she, or they shall happen to become chargeable to, or be forced to ask Relief of the Parish, Township or Place, to which such Certificate was given; and then, and not before, it shall and may be lawful for any such Person, and his or - her Children, though born in that Parish, not having otherwise acquired a legal Settlement there, to be removed, conveyed, and settled in the Parish or Place from whence such Certificate was brought: And'.

4 ' whereas -

614 Stat. r. Anno duodecimo Ann, Regins. A.D. 1713.

After 24 June 17 r 3. any i'er* son bound ap pientice, or being a hired Servant to one who came into a Parish by Certificate, shall not gain a Settlement there by Real on of I nch Appremiceiliip, C

Fa there Provisions concerning Poor.

Geo. I. C 8.

whereas many Persons obtaining and bringing such Certificates, do frequently take Apprentices, bound by Indenture, and hire and keep Servants by the Year, who, by Reason of such Apprenticeships and 6 Services, do gain Settlements in, and become a great Burden to such Parishes, Townships and Places, ' though such Masters coming with such Certificates have, by Virtue thereof, no Settlements in such Pa ' riffles, Townships or placesfor Remedy whereof, It is declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person whatsoever, who, upon or after the four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, shall be an Apprentice, bound by Indenture to, or shall/upon or after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, be a hired servant to or with any Person whatsoever, who did come into or shall reside in any Parish, Township or Place, in that Part of Great Britain called England, by Means or Licence of such Certificate, and not afterwards having gained a legal Settlement in such Parish, Township or Place, such Apprentice, by Virtue of such Apprenticeship, Indenture or Binding, and such Servant by being hired by, or serving as a Servant, as aforesaid, to such Person, shall not gain or be adjudged to have any Settlement in such Parish, Township or Place, by Reason of such Apprenticeship or Binding, or by Reason of such Hiring or Serving the rein; but every such Apprentice and Servant shall have his and their Settlements in such Parish, Township or Place, as if he or they had not been bound Apprentice or Apprentices, or had not been an hired Servant or Servants to such Person as aforesaid; Act or acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Act 6 Ann. C 33. made perpetual.

9 Sc to W. 3. C 26.

The Clause in the AQ. 6 & 10 W. 3. C 26. relating to the Exportation of Copper Bars imported, con tlnuei for 14 Years, C

No Drawback except for east-india and Barbary Copper. See 13 Geo. i, C Z],

*The following W rds are added from the Jaroliment.*

III. And whereas Cochineal being of the Growth of the Spanish West Indies, is of Principal Use In ' Dying of Clothes, and other the WOOLLEN Manufactures of this Kingdom, Scarlets, Purples, and other Colours called Grain Colours, to the great Improvement thereof, and employing of great Numbers of her Majesty's subject, in finishing and perfecting such Woollen Manufacture: And whereas before the act passed in the sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present War, and six Months longer. Cochineal could not be imported into this Kingdom, but from the Places of its Growth, although the same was then, and is now sold at cheaper Rates in several Parts of Europe, and used as well in Dying the said Manufactures of this Kingdom abroad, as also foreign Manufactures, at lower Prices than her Majesty's subjects can, to the Incou ragement of Foreign Woollen Manufactures, and the great Prejudice of those of this Kingdom, and Impo verishment of many of her Majesty's subjects employed therein, if the said act Should not be further conti nued Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said at made in the sixth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the Importation of Cochineal from any Ports in Spain, during the present War, and f.x Months longer, shall be and is hereby made perpetual; any act or acts of Parliament to the contrary notwithstanding.

IV. And whereas in an act made in the ninth and tenth Years of the Reign of the late King William, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, a Clause was enacted in the Words foilwing, viz. And whereas by an act of Parliament made in the fifth and sixth Years of the Reign of his present Majesty, ' and the late Queen Mary, amongst other Things, it was enacted, That no other Copper than what is made of English Ore only, Should be exported, which proving very prejudicial to the Trade of England,

by enabling Foreigners to export Copper much cheaper than it can be carried from England; Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful to and for any of his Majesty's subjects to export from England all such Copper Bars, as hath or shall be imported into England from Foreign Parts, and upon Exportation shall draw back all Duties, or vacate the Securities, laving the Half of the old Subsidy, as is uiual in other Commodities; Which Clause being expired; and forasmuch as the Cop ' per Manufacture of this Kingdom is brought to such Perfection, that there is more made than can be expended here and in the plantations be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Clause, and every Matter and Thing therein contained, shall be and is hereby immediately, from and after the Time of the Expiration thereof, revived in full Force, and shall be and is hereby continued for and' during the Space and Term of fourteen Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

V. Provided nevertheless, and be it enacted, That no Drawback shall be allowed on the Exportation of any Copper, but such as hath been or shall be imported, from the East Indies and the Coast of Barbary only. [Continued with 9 & 10 W. 3. C 26. §. 19.] Farther continued by 32 Geo. 2. c. 23.

Anno Regni annie Regins Magns Britannia?, Francis & Hibernis,

duodecimo. Stat. 2.

AT the Parliament summoned to be held at Westminster the twelfth Day of November Anno Domini one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, in the twelfth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lady Anne, by the Grace of GOD, of Great Britain, France and Ireland, Queen, Defender of the Faith, C And by several Writs of Prorogation begun and held on tnesixteench Day of February one thousand seven hundred and thirteen, and by several Adjournments continued to the ninth Day of July 1 in the thirteenth Year of her Majesty's Reign. Being the first Session of this present Parliament.'

Anno duodecimo Anni Regime.

Scat. 2.

A.D. 1713.

3. C 31.9 & 10 W. C 6 & 44. 10 1 J 3. c. 22. 1 Ann. fiat, 1. C 21. 2^3 C 14. 4 Ann

w. C 21.

Cap. 1.

An act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raised by a land-tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen. EXP. zs. in the Pound.

CAP. II.

An act for allowing a Drawback upon the Exportation of Salt, to be made use of for the Curing of Fish taken at North Seas, or at ijleter.d.

WHEREAS the Fishing for Cod in the North Seas, and t ijleland, gives great Employment to the

Navigation of this Kingdom, and breeds up great Numbers of hardy and industrious Mariners for

Defence of the Realm, and Improvement of Commerce; and whereas the said Fishing Trade cannot be so effectually carried on, unless Salt for curing Cod taken there, may be had free of Excite; For the Preservation therefore, and Encouragement of the said Trade, ' Be it enacted by the queen's moss Excellent Majesty. by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Matter of any Boat or Vessel bound on a fishing Voyage to the North Seas, or Ifieland, may take on Board his said Boat or Vessel, in any Port of Great Britain, such Quantities of British Salt, as he shall judge proper and necessary for his said Voyage, such Matter paying or giving Security to pay the Duties due and payable for the same; which Money shall be repaid, or Security shall be discharged, in such Manner as is herein after mentioned.

5 JV. & M. C 7. 7 & 8 IV

C 29, 6 Ann. C 12, 9 Ann. C 23

II. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Officer of the Place where the said Salt was made, and the Duties thereof paid, or secured to be paid, thall, upon Demand, deliver gratis to such Matter of the Vessel, a Certificate, under his Hand and Sea), of the particular Quantity of Balt hipped on Board his Vessel for the North Seas, or ijlehnd, and that the Duties on such Salt have been paid or secured to be paid.

III. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That Codfith, Ling or Hake, which have been caught and cured at the North Seas, or at ijleland, may be imported and landed, so as Oath be first made before the Landing thereof, by the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish, or the Mailer of the Vessel, before the Officer for the said Duties in the Port or Place where such Fish shall be imported, brought in, or landed, (who is hereby empowered and required to administer the same, without Fee or Charge) That all the Fish so imported came from the North Seas, or ijleland, and were caught and cured there, and so as the said Fish be, at the Landing thereof, and before the same be removed from the Shore, tendred to the Officer of the Port for the said Duties, to have Part of the Tail of every such Codfish, Ling or Hake, cut off, that no Allowance for such Fish be obtained upon Expot tation; and the said Officer is hereby empowered and required to cut off Part of the Tail of all such Fish on the Importation thereof; and in Case any such Fish shall be landed before the same shall be tendred to the Officer, to have Part of the Tail cut off, as aforesaid, all the Fish so landed shall be forfeited, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Importer or Proprietor thereof.

IV. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any of the Salt so made use of in curing of Fish shall remain, such foul Salt shall be thrown over Board and destroyed, in the Presence of the Officer for the Salt duties for such Port, before the Collector shall sign his Certificate.

V. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if it shall happen, that any of the Salt so taken on Board for curing of Fish, shall not have been used for that Purpose, it shall and may be lawful to and for the Master of such Ship or Vessel to land the said Salt, so as an Entry be made thereof within ten Days after his coming into any Port in Great Britain that he shall arrive at, and the Duties paid down for the same, before such Salt, or any Part thereof, shall be landed or taken out of any such Ship or Vessel: if such Master shall neglefit or refuse to enter such Salt, in such Port where he shall first arrive, and pay down the Duties for the same within the said ten Days (except in Case of his being driven into any Port, or detained there by Stress of Weather or contrary Winds, or other unavoidable Necessities) then and in such Case all the Salt on Board such Ship or Vessel shall be forfeited, and double the Value thereof, to be recovered of the Owner or Proprietor of such Fish, or the Master of the Vessel, or the Person commanding the same in that Voyage.

VI. And be it enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the Master of such Boat or Vessel, upon producing to the Collector of the Salt duties for the Pott where he imports his Fish, such Certificate of the Quantity of Salt taken on Board, and that the Duties of it were paid or secured to be paid, and making Oath before the said Collector, of the particular Quantity of the Salt in such Certificate mentioned, that was made use of in curing of Codfish, Ling or Hake, caught and cured at the North Sea, or at Ifieland, and that the said Fish have been ail marked, as aforesaid, that there may be no Allowance obtained for the same upon exportation (which Oath the said Collector is hereby empowered and required to administer without Fee or Charge) shall receive gratis from the said Collector a Certificate of the same, which, together with a Certificate of Payment of the Duty of the Remainder of the Salt taken in for that Voyage, if three shall be any Remainder, (which Certificate he shall also receive gratis) being produced to the Collector of the Salt duties for the Place where the Duties on the said Salt were paid or secured to be paid,

such

Mater of a Vessel bound to the North Seas, see. may take British Salt on Board, giving Security to pay ihe Duties.

C 32. 5 Ann

Officer where the Salt was made. Sec. to give the Mater a Certificate of the Quanti y hipped.

Codfifti, C may be imported, on Oath made that it came from the North Seas, e. and so as thefish be tendred to the Officer of the Duties, to have Part of the Tail cut off.

Fish landed before so tendred, shall be forfeited. Soul Salt to be thrown over Board,

Salt not used, may be relanded, so as an Entry be made thereof.

Mater neglecting to enter the Sap, it shall be forfeited and double the Value.

On producing a Certificate of the Quantity t.^ken on Board, C and on Oath made of how much was used in Curing. Sec. the Security given for the Payment of the Duties shall be dif elurgej, and the Collector shall

6i6 Star. 2. Anno duodecimo Anni Regina?. A.D. 1713.

repay the Duties such Security shall be discharged, and all and every Sum and Sums of Money paid for the Duty of the said without Fee. Salt, hall be repaid upon Demand by the said Collector, without Fee or Reward.

The Duties of

VII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if the Mailer of any such Boat or suit: hutpcnfiied vessel hall have taken in any Quantity of british Salt, for the curing of Fish in the North Seas, or at l/le t', !> n'b "these land, as aforesaid, the Duties of the Salt having been paid or secured to be paid, and the Vessel on which Epemv, " fh.a such Salt, as aforesaid, is shipped, hall either perish at Sea, or be taken by Enemies with such Salt on be repaid. Board her, that in such Case any Merchant or Person, Owner of the said Salt, hall, upon Proof made before the Justices of the Peace at the Quarter sessions held for the County, Riding, Division or Town, wherein he doth inhabit, of the Loss of such Salt so hipped, receive from the said Sessions a Certificate that such Proof was made before them, and upon producing the said Certificate to the Officer of the Place, where the Duty on such Salt shall have been paid or secured to be paid, such Security shall be discharged, and so much Money, as was actually paid for the Duty of the said Salt, hall be repaid upon Demand by the said Officer, without Fee or Reward, provided such Proof be made within nine Months after such Loss or taking, as aforesaid.

One Half oftne vill. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Penalties and Forfeitures given by Forfeitures shall phis or any former Law, relating to the Duties of Excise upon Salt, hall be distributed in Manner follow to the/to°tliej 'n2' s to ay) one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety Seizor rtf to ie Officer or Officers who hall seize, sue or inform for the same, to be sued for, recovered and levied, he recovered.as in such Manner and Form, and with such Power of Mitigation, as any Fine, Penalty or Forfeiture by the Lawstcf miay be sued for, recovered, levied, and mitigated by any Law of Excise, or by Action of Debt, Bill, e 'gfc* Plaint or Information, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record at Westminster \ and all and every Officer and Officers for the said Duties on Salt, are hereby authorised and empowered to seize all Salt and other Things which by this or any former Act or Law relating to the Duties on Salt are declared to be forfeited.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Person or Persons shall at any Time be sued or prosecuted for anything by him or them done or executed in Purfance of this or any other of the Statutes relating to the Duties of Excise upon Salt, or the Powers thereby given, he or they shall or may

[General issue.]

p]ead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence for his Defence; and if

upon a Trial, a Verdict shall pass for the Defendant or Defendants, or the Plaintiff or Plaintiffs become norrfuit, discontinue or forbear prosecuting the said Actions, then such Defendant and Defendants hall ou e .0 s. jiave double Costs to him or them awarded, against such Plaintiff or Plaintiffs, for which Costs he shall have

jntbtrprovi Remei], y as in oilier Cases where Costs are by Law given to Defendants.

Jions concerning J 7 .0

ait, $<gco. i. is. 8 gco.*i, C 4 & -16. 11 Geo. 1. c. 30. 3 Geo. 2. c. 2?. 5 Geo. 2. c. 6. 8 Geo. 2. c. 12. 14 Geo. 2. c. 22. 26 Geo. 2. c. 3 6? 32.

Cap. nr.

An Act for charging and continuing the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and for the Encouragement of the distilling Brandy from malted Corn and Cyder; and for making forth Duplicates of Exchequer Bills and Lottery Tickets, lost, burnt or destroyed; and to enable the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, and others, to lend Money upon South Sea Stock.

5 "Elis. C. 31.

or the Application of the Duties granted by this Act, lee C 9. of this Sdiion, ^.69.

Any Person may distill Btandy from british csu

3 Geo. 1. c. 4.

ckji jc to enable

IX AND whereas in and by one Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act containing diva's Orders for Artificers, Labourers, Servants of

Husbandry and Apprentices, it is enacted in the Words following; Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after the first Day of May next coming, it 111 all not be lawful to any Person or Personr, ' other than such as now do lawfully use or exercise any Art, Mystery, or Manual Occupation, to setup, ' occupy, use or exercise any Craft, Mystery or Occupation, now used or occupied within this Realm of England or Wales, except he shall have heen brought up therein seven Years at the least as an Apprentice,

in Manner and Form abovesaid, nor to set any Person on Work in such Mystery, Art or Occupation,

being not a Workman at this Day, except he shall have been Apprentice, as is aforesaid, or else having served as an Apprentice, as is aforesaid, shall or will become a Journeyman, or hired by the Year, upon Pain that every Person willingly offending or doing the contrary, shall forfeit and lose for every Default forty Shillings for every Month: Upon which aforesaid Statute, several Distillers of Brandy or Spirits made from Britfi) Malt or Cyder, stand indicted for not having served seven Years, as aforesaid, to the great Discouragement of the Consumption of malted Corn and Cyder, and destructive to her Majesty's ' Revenue of Excise; 'it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That any Person or Persons shall or may distill Brandy or Spirits made from british Malt or Cyder, and such Person or Persons shall not be prosecuted for so doing by Virtue of the aforesaid Statute, or any Clause, Matter or Thing contained therein to the contrary notwithstanding.

X. And whereas in and by an Act of Parliament made and passed in the tenth Year of her Majesty's ' Reign, for laying Duties upon Soap, and other Matters therein mentioned, it was amongst other Things enacted, That it should and might be lawful to and for the respective Treasurers of the Navy and Ordinance, and the respective Paymasters of the Guards, Garrisons and Land Forces for the Time being, or ny other Officers or Persons, who then were or afterwards should be intituled (for the public Use and B '..) to any Parts or Shares of the Capital Stock of the Corporation erected by the Name of the go caicr and Company of Merchants of Great Britain, trading to the South Seas and other Parts of America,

and

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo anne Reginae. Star. 2. 617

and for encouraging the Fishery (not being absolutely sold, applied or disposed for some of the public 1° Ann. 0, 19.

Uses in that al mentioned) from Time to Time, by any Warrant or Warrants in Writing from the ^5'

High Treasurer of Great Britain then being, or the High Treasurer of Great Britain, or any three or more of the Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, '(and not otherwise) to borrow any Sum ' or Sums of Money, from any Person or Persons, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate,

who were or should be willing to advance or lend the same upon Credit of the said public Stock, or any Part thereof, and to allow Interest, not exceeding the Rate of six Pounds percent, per Ann. for the For ' bearance thereof, as is therein mentioned, and to assign, mortgage, and transfer such respective Shares of the said Stock, whereupon such Sums of Money should be agreed to be solent, to the respective Lenders thereof or such as they severally and respectively should appoint, and to their Executors, Administrators, successors and Assigns respectively, upon such Conditions of Redemption, and under such Agreements for the Sale of the Stock so mortgaged, for making Default in the Repayment of the Money to be borrowed thereupon, or for nonpayment of the Interest thereof, and subject to such other Cort uitions, and in such Manner and Form as in such Warrant and Warrants respectively should be prefcnbcii in that Behalf; and that all the Money which should be borrowed upon Credit of such Stock, as aforesaid, should be applied and disposed by the said Treasurers, Paymasters, or others respectively chargeable therewith, to such public Uses whereunto the said Stock so to be mortgaged would have been applicable by or in Pursuance of another act in the said recited al mentioned, if no such Mortgage, Alignment or Transfer had been made, and to no other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever; that the said Trea furers, Paymasters and other Officers, borrowing the said Moneys, should be answerable for the Applica tion thereof accordingly; and that the said Company should not be responsible for permitting the Stock to be so transferred, as if the same were unduly transferred; and that the Lenders of such Money should not be chargeable with the Application thereof to the said Uses, as by the said at of the tenth Year of 10 Ann, C 19.

her majesty's Reign may more fully appear: And whereas some Doubt hath been made, whether the 1 Governor and Company of the Bank of England (with Regard to certain Restrictions contained in former Adds of Parliament) might lawfully lend Money upon Credit of the said public Stock, pursuant to the said al in that behalffor obviating of which Doubt, it is declared and enabled by this present Act,

That it shall and may be lawful, as well to and for the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, as to and for any other Person or Persons, Natives and Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to advance and lend such Sum and Sums of Money, as they, of any of them, shall think fit, to the said Treasurers, Paymasters and others, or any of them, upon Credit of the public Stock before mentioned, or any Part thereof, at such Interest, and upon such Alignments, Mortgages or Transfers, subject to such Conditions of Redemption, and with such Agreements for selling the Stock so mortgaged, in Case of Nonpayment of the Principal or Interest, and in all other Respects according to the Forms prescribed in the said recited Act of Parliament in that Behalf; any former Act or Acts of Parliament, or any Restrictions, Pro, hibitions. Penalties, Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters or Things therein contained to the contrary in any Far, hcr V '-

r \ n r 0: J J tonnes respectivr

wise notwithstanding. Bank 3

C 8, II Geo. I. C 9. i Geo. i.jiat.i. C %, igco.itc.^. II Geo. 2. % C 27. 15 Gect 2- C 13. >3 Geo. 2. c. 6. 24 Geo. 2. c. 4.

CAP. IV.

An Act for the better regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majesty's Service, and for the Payment

of the said Forces, and of their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. V.

An Act for taking away the new additional Duty of thirty Pounds per Centum ad Vahrem, impaled upon all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain, by an Act made in the tenth Year of the Reign of h: r present Majesty Queen Anne.

WHEREAS by diverse Acts of parliament heretofore made, several Duties have been laid upon all 10 Anna, 1, 19, Books and Prints imported into Great Britain: And whereas by an Act made in the tenth Year ofa^' 33the Reign of her present Majesty Queen Anne, a further Duty of thirty pounds.per Centum ad Valorem,

was laid upon all Books and Prints imported into Great Britain -, which said Additional Duty of thirty Pounds per Centum has been found, by Experience, to have tended very much to the Discouragement of Learning, and to have been prejudicial to the other Duties formerly laid Be. it therefore enacted by the After 24 Jure Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Terp V the Uuty poral and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That from cer^a'/va and after the four and twentieth Day of 'Jane one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the said Duty of iorem^aij on: thirty Pounds per Centum ad Valorem shall not be charged, levied, or collected upon any Books or Prints. books ard. imported into Great Britain, but the said Duty is hereby absolutely discharged and taken away; and the Prints imported" said Act, so far only as it relates to the said Duty of thirty Pounds per Centum ad Valorem, shall be and is U 10 Anno?, ., hereby absolutely repealed.

+ K

Vol. IV

6i8

Stat. 2

Anno duodecimo anne Reginse,

si H. 8. c. 6.

ft ft. 7.

The Clause in the recited Act, so far as it relates to the taking any Mortuary in the dio cefes of Bangor, Llandaff

St. david's, and St, Asaph, repealed

And the Bishops of the said dio cefes shall not take any Mortuaries after the Times limited abote.

Jlecompenfe to the Bishop of St. Asaph and his Successors, for such Mortuaries.

A.D. 1713.

CAP. VI.

An Act for taking away Mortuaries within the Dioceses of Bangor, Llandaff, St. Davids, and St. Asaph, and giving a Recompense therefore to the Bishops of the said respective Dioceses: And for confirming several Letters Patents granted by her Majesty, for perpetually annexing a Prebend of Gloucester to the Mastership of Pembroke College in Oxford and a Prebend of Rochfier to the Provostship of Oriel College in Oxford; and a Prebend of Norwich to the Mastership of Catherine Hall in Cambridge.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament passed in the one and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late

King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act where Mortuaries ought to be paid, for what Persons

how much, and in what Case none is due, and by a Proviso or Clause therein contained, it is provided

(among other Things) That it shall be lawful to the Bishops of Bangor, Llandaff, St. Davids, and St.

Asaph, to take such Mortuaries of the Priests within their Dioceses and Jurisdictions as thentofore had

been accustomed; and the Bishops of the said Dioceses for the Time being have accordingly used to demand and take, and continue to demand and take Mortuaries upon the Death of any Clergyman within their said Dioceses and Jurisdictions; said Mortuaries confuting of several of the best Goods of the deceased, do oftentimes amount to a very considerable Part of his Estate, and the Payment thereof

does very much leften that small Provision which generally the Clergy of those Dioceses are able to make

for the Support of their Families, and tends to the great impoverishing of the same: For the Remedy ing whereof for the future, and for abolishing and taking away all Mortuaries or corse presents, and the Custom or Usage of taking and paying Mortuaries or corse presents upon the Death of Clergymen

within the said Dioceses and Jurisdictions: to the End a reasonable Recompense and Satisfaction for the same may be provided and established for the Bishops of the said Dioceses for ever be it therefore enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and of the Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Proviso or Clause in the said Act, and all and every Proviso or Clause in the same Act, so far as the same do or doth relate to the taking any Mortuary or corse present upon the Death of any Clergyman within the said respective Dioeefes or Jurisdictions, shall immediately, from and after the respective Times herein after mentioned, that is to say, within the said Diocese of St. Asaph from and after the four and twentieth Day of June in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and within the said Diocese of Bangor, immediately from and after such Time any Rectory Sine Cura shall next happen to be void and be in the Collation of the present Bishop of the said Diocese of Bangor, or of any of his Successors; and within the said Diocese of Llandaff, immediately from and after such Time as the Treasurership, with the Prebend thereto annexed, founded in the Cathedral Church of Llandaff, shall next happen to be void, such Treasurership and Prebend being in the Collation of the Bishop of the said Diocese of Llandaff, and within the said Diocese of St. Davids, immediately from and after such Time as the Prebend or Langamarch, founded in the Collegiate Church of Brecon, now enjoyed by John Medley Arch deacon of St. Davids, shall next happen to be void, the same being in the Collation of the Bishop of St. Davids, stand and be absolutely repealed, annulled, and void, and all and every, and any Custom, and Usage of and for paying, demanding, or taking any Mortuary or corse present, or any Goods, Thing or Things, for or in the Name of a Mortuary or corse present, upon the Death of any Clergyman within the said respective Dioceses or Jurisdictions, shall, from the respective Times aforesaid, for ever, be absolutely abolished and void; and no Mortuary or corse present, or Sum or Sums of Money for or in Lieu of the same, or in the Narhe thereof, shall be yielded, paid, answered or satisfied, or be due or payable by any Person or Persons, to any Bishop of either of the said Dioceses, or other Person or Persons claiming by, from, or under any such Bishop: that from and after the respective Times aforesaid, it shall not be lawful to or for the respective Bishops of the said Dioceses or any of them, their or any or either of their Successors, Farmers, Bailiffs or Lessees, or any of them, or any other Person or Persons whatsoever, claiming by or under such Bishops, or any or either of them, to take, receive or demand of any Person or Persons, any Manner of Mortuary Jr corle present, or any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Thing, for or in the Name, Lieu or Stead of any Mortuary or Corse present, or to convene, cite, sue or prosecute any Person or Persons before any Judge Spiritual, or in any of her Majesty's Courts of Law, or other Court whatsoever, for the Recovery of, or for, touching or concerning any Mortuary or corse present, or anything in Lieu thereof, for or by Reason or on Account of the Death of any Priest or Clergyman within the said respective Dioceses or Jurisdictions, at any Time after the respective Times aforesaid; any Thing in the said recited Act, or any Law, Custom or Usage whatever, to the contrary notwithstanding.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Recompense and Satisfaction to the Bishop of St. Asaph and his Successors, for such Mortuaries as might arise or become due or payable to the said Bishop of St. Asaph, or his Successors, by Virtue of the said recited Act, upon the Death of any Priest or Clergyman, the Rectory Sine Cura, which shall first after the said four and twentieth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, happen to be void, and be in the Collation of the Bishop of the said Diocese of St. Asaph, or any of his Successors, shall immediately upon such Vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said Bishopric of St. Asaph for ever, and all and every the Profits, Rights, Dues, Benefits and Advantages whatsoever of the same Rectory, or thereto in any wise belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and injoyed by the Bishop of the said Diocese and his Successors for ever.

4

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo Ann, Regina.

Stat. 2. 619

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in recompense and Satisfaction to the Recompense to Bishop of Bangor and his successors, for such Mortuaries as might arise or become due or payable to the said he bitt.of cf Bishop of Bangor or his successors, by Virtue of the said recited Act, upon the Death of any Priell or Clergy 5rieor' 'c' man, the Rectory Sine. Cura, which shall next happen to be void, and be in the Collation of the Bishop of the said Diocese of Bangor, or any of his successors, shall, immediately upon such Vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said Bishopric of Bangor for ever; and all and every the Profits, Rights,

Dues, Benefits and Advantages whatsoever of the same Rectory, or thereto in any wise belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and enjoyed by the Bishop of the said Diocese of Bangor and his successors for ever.

IV. Provided always, That nothing in this Act shall extend to enable any Bishop in either of the said The Biftops of Dioceses of St. Asaph and Bangor, to demise, let or set; and that it shall not be lawful to or for the Bishops

of either of the said Dioceses, or any of their successors, to demise, lease, fetor let to Farm, or nc7feafe the otherwise, either of such Rectories Sine Cura, annexed and united to the respective bishopricks of St. ajaph Retteries united and Bangor, as aforementioned, or any the Rights, Dues, Benefits or Profits thereof, for any longer Time to tteir bishop than such Bishop, by whom any Lease of either of the said r.e&ories Sine Cura shall be made, shall ricks for 2n7 continue Bishop of the said Diocese; any Statute, Law, or Usage whatsoever to the contrary not with [ka^th con handing. _.. bi'/hop"

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Recompense and Satisfaction to tii2 Recompense to Bishop of Llandaff and his Successors, for such Mortuaries as might arise or become due or payable to the tj, e Bishop of said Bishop of Llandaff, or his successors, by Virtue of the said recited Act, upon the Death of any Priell llandaff;

or Clergyman, whensoever the Treasurership, with the Prebend thereto annexed, founded in the Cathedral Church of Llandaff, shall next happen to be void, the said Treasurership and Prebend shall, immediately upon such Vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said Bishopric of Llandaff for ever; and all and every the Profits, Rights, Dues, Benefits and Advantages whatsoever, of the said trea furership and Prebend, or thereto in any wise belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and enjoyed by the Bishop of the said Diocese of Llandaff and his successors for ever.

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That in Recompense and Satisfaction to the To the Bishop Bishop of St. Davids and his Successors, for such Mortuaries as might arise or become due or payable to of St. Davids, the said Bishop of St. Davids, or his successors, by Virtue of the said recited Act, upon the Death of any

Priell or Clergyman, whensoever the said Prebend of Langamarch shall next happen to be void, the said Prebend Dial 1, immediately upon such Vacancy, and from thenceforth be annexed and united to the said Bishopric of St. Davids for ever; and all and every the Profits, Rights, Dues, Benefits and Advantages whatsoever, of the same Prebend, or thereto in any wise belonging or appertaining, shall or may be had, received, taken and enjoyed by the Bishop of the said Diocese of St. Davids and his Successors for ever, in as full and ample Manner as the said John aledley now hath or enjoyeth, or might or ought to have and enjoy the same.

VII. And whereas her Majesty has been graciously pleased, by her Letters Patents under the Great The queenv.

Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the eleventh Day of November in the twelfth Year of Letters Stents

her Reign, to incorporate Colhvell Brickenden Doctor in Divinity, the Mailer of Pembroke College in the ie lvlal' cr 1 University of Oxford, and his Successors, Mailers of the same College, by the Name, Style and Title of college, tntto Mailer of Pembroke College in the University of Oxford; and did thereby grant to the said Mailer and his the Provostof { successors, Mailers of the same College, for their better Support and Maintenance, that Canonship or Oriel College io Prebend in the Cathedral Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity of Gioucejhr, which should first C atto happen to be void, and in the Gift of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, from and after the Date of kathehmhttl che said Grant; to have and to hold the said Canonship or Prebend, to the said Collwell Brickenden Ma; Cambridge Her of the said College, and his successors, Masters of the same College, of her Majesty, her Heirs and confirmed.

successors, in pure and perpetual Alms, for and during his and their respective Continuance in the said Ma ' Hership; and did thereby likewise unite such Canonship or Prebend, as aforesaid, to the said Corporation for ever; And whereas her majehy has been also graciously pleased, by other her Letters Patents under the Great Seal ok Great Britain, bearing Date at up.ftminjhr the fourteenth Day of January in the twelfth Year of her Reign, to incorporate George Carter Doctor in Divinity, the Provost of Oriel College in the

University of Oxford, and his successors, Provosts of the same College, by the Name, Style and Title

of Provost of the House of the Blessed Virgin Mary in Oxon, commonly called Oriel College, of the

Foundation of Edward the Second, sometime King of England, of famous Memory; and did thereby grant to the said Provost, and his successors, Provosts of the same College, for their better Support and Maintenance, that Canonship or Prebend in the Cathedral church of Christ, and of the Blefied Virgin Mary, of Rochrjhr, which should first happen to be void, and in the Gift of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, from and after the Date of the said Grant; Saving always the Right of the Arch deacons of the said Church for the Time being, to one of the said Canonships, by Virtue of a former Grant; to have and to hold the said Canonship or Prebend, to the said George Cart err, Provostof the said College,

and his successors, Provosts of the lame College, of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, in pure and

perpetual Alms, for and during his and their Continuance in the said Provostship; and did thereby like

unite such Canonship or Prebend, as aforesaid, to the said Corporation for ever: And whereas her Majesty has been further graciously pleased, by other her Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, bearing Date at Westminster the six and twentieth Day of April in the thirteenth Year of her Reign, to incorporate Thomas Sherlock Doctor in Divinity, Mailer or Warden of St. catherine's College or Hall in the University of Cambridge, and his Successors, Masters or Wardens of the same College or Hall,

by the Name, Style and Title of Mailer or Warden of St. catherine's College or Hall in the University of Cambridge; and did thereby grant to the said Mailer or Warden, and his successors, Mailers or Wardens

of the same College or Hall, for their better Support and Maintenance, that Canonship or Prebend in

4 K 2 ' the

Qt n f1

A public ah

Saving to the Crown all Fit ft Fruits,

Sz C for such Rettories, C

Another Saving to the leltees, C

28 Geo. 2.

<\ 6. yi/r taking away Mortuaries in Chrjicr»

>3 & 14car. 2, C 4.

sv<*farther 23 gvo. 2. £. 28.

y&jw. 3. C 10. and t Jac. 2. C

Anno duodecimo Ann Regina;. A.D. j 7? 3,

the Cathedial Church of the Holy and Undivided Trinity in Norwich, of the Foundation of King Edward the Sixth, which should first happen to be void, and in the Gift of her majesty, her Heirs and Successors, ' from and after the Date of the said Grant; to have and to hold the said Canonship or Prebend to the said Thomas Sherlock, Master or Warden of the said College or Hall, and his Successors, Matters or War ' dens of the same College or Hall, of her majesty, her Heirs and Successors, in pure and perpetual Alms for and during his and their Continuance in the said Mastership or Wardenship; and did thereby likewils unite such Canonship or Prebend, as aforesaid, to the said Corporation for ever; as by the said several and respective recited Letters Patents (Relation being thereunto had) may more fully and at large appear Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the said several and respective recited Letters Patents, and all and singular the Clauses, Articles and Things therein respectively contained, shall be and are hereby ratified and confirmed, and the said several and re: pactive Canonships or Prebends shall be, front Time to Time for ever, held and 'enjoyed, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the several and respective Letters Patents above recited.

VIII. And be it further enacted, That this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a public!: Act.

IX. Saving nevert helcfs, and always reserved unto her majesty, her Heirs and Successors, all and singular first fruits and Tenths, 'in any wise due or payable to her majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for or, in respect of such Rectories Sine Cura, and Treasurership, and Prebend thereunto annexed, founded in the Cathedral Church of Llandaff and the said Prebend of Langamarch, and all such Right and Title, as her said Majesty hath in or to such first fruits and Tenths, or any of them, and which shall continue to be levied and paid in like Manner as heretofore; anything herein contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

X Saving also to the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and to the "respective Lessee or Lessees of the said Treasurership, and Prebend thereunto annexed, founded in the Cathedral Church of Llandaff', and to the said Prebend of Langamarch, and to all and every other Person or Persons whatsoever, all such Estate, Right, Title and Interest, in, to or out of the said Treasurership and Prebend thereto annexed, and the said Prebend of Langamarch, as any such Lessee or Lessees, or other Person or Persons, have or might have or claim, in, to, or out of the said Treasurership and Prebend thereunto annexed, and the said Prebend of Langamarch, if this Act had not passed.

CAP. VII.

An Act to prevent the Growth of Schism, and for the further Security of the Churches )f

England and Ireland, as by Law established.

WHEREAS by an Act of Parliament made in the thirteenth and fourteenth Years of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act for the Uniformity of publick Prayers, and ad e ministration of Sacraments, and other Rites and Ceremonies; and for establishing the Form of making, ordaining,

anaconsecrating Bishops, Priejls and Deacons in the Church of England, it is, amongst other Things enacted, That every Schoolmaster keeping any public or private School, and every Person instructing or teaching any Youth in any House or private Family, as a Tutor or Schoolmaster, should subscribe before his or their respective Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese, a Dclaration or Acknowledgment, in which, amongst other Things was contained, as follows, viz. I A.B. do declare. That will conform to the Liturgy of the Church of England, as it is noiu by Law cjlablished; and if any Schoolmaster, or other Person instructing or teaching Youth in any private House or Family, as a Tutor or Schoolmaster, should in trust or teach any Youth as a Tutor or Schoolmaster before Licence obtained from his respective Arch bishop, Bishop or Ordinary of the Diocese, according to the Laws and Statutes of this Realm, for which he should pay twelve Pence only, and before such Subscription and Acknowledgment made, as aforesaid, e then every such Schoolmaster and other instructing and teaching, as aforesaid, should, for the first Of

fufter three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize, and for every second and other such Offence should fufter three Months Imprisonment without Bail or Mainprize, and also forfeit to his Majesty the Sum of five Pounds: And whereas notwithstanding the said Act, sundry Papists and other Persons dissenting from the Church of England, have taken upon them to instruct and teach Youth as Tu ' tors or Schoolmasters, and have for such Purpose openly let up Schools and Seminaries, whereby, if due and speedy Remedy be not had, great Danger might ensue to this Church and State: For the making the said recited Act more effectual, and preventing the Danger aforesaid, Esfr. [Repealed, 5 Geo. X C 4.]

CAP. VIII.

An Act for encouraging the Tobacco Trade.

WHEREAS by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, intituled, An Act for continuing several Duties granted by former Acts upon Wmes and Vine

far, and 'upon Tobacco and east-india Goods, and other Merchandizes imported, for carrying on the War against "ranee, the Methods prescribed for collecting the Impost Duty upon Tobacco, granted by an Act passed in the first Year of the Reign of King James the Second, are altered, and, among other Things, it is enacted, That on any Payment of the said Duty for Tobacco to be consumed here, there be. an Allowance of eight Pounds percent, for the Merchants Encouragement, in Consideration of Waste and shrink age in the Cellars, and an Allowance of four Pounds percent, in Consideration of Waste that may arise on any Tobacco exported within the Time allowed by Law, to be struck off only from the Entries, and 'not to be paid where the whole Quantity entered shall happen to be exported; both which Acts are

since

Scat. 2.

621

Since continued, and are now in Force: And whereas by Law there are several other Duties payable cn 12 Car. 2. <. 54

the Importation of Tobacco, but no Provision is made thereby for giving any Allowance out of the same, 1 Car. 2. C 7.

in cor.sideration of Wade or Shrinkage, as aforesaid; it being reasonable that the Manner of col 22 23 Qp3 ' letfting the several Duties upon Tobacco Should be in one uniform Method, and that the same Allowance^\ 11

for Waste and Shrinkage on the Consumption here, Should be granted to the Exporters, for the Prefeiva - Ann. C 9.jn.

tion and Improvement of that most beneficial Trade, which, for many Years pad, hath greatly declinedn. 6 anne, Be it enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of21- ft i2 the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Autho *- 3* rity of the same, That from and after the did Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, du -- ^ft'cr r'jun» ring the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, there 1714. fjr five shall, for the better Encouragement of the said Consumption and Export Trade, be an Allowance of eight Vein, Si.; er Pounds percent, made to the Merchant at Importation, out of all the Duties payable upon Tobacco, in Cent a, lov'(ei dead of the aforesaid eight Pounds, and four Pounds percent, which by the before recited Acts are to be Duties on To allowed only out of the linpod Duty, and which said Allowance of eight Pounds percent, out of all the bacco. said Duties, shall not be deducted from the Merchants on Exportation; any Law or Cudom to the contrary Net to be de. duaed on Ex

II. And whereas by the Act of Tonnage and Poundage made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of King Pi, rtation Charles the Second, and by the Book of Rates thereunto annext, an additional Duty of one Penny per 2- C 4*

Pound was made payable for all Tobacco of the engujlr Plantations, upon giving Security for Payment of the same at nine Months after the importation: And whereas by the said Act made in the first Year of the Reign of the late King James the Second, a Duty or Impofl of threepence per Pound was laid on the 1 Jac. a. C 4,

same Tobacco, and Sixpence per Pound on all Tobacco of Foreign Plantations, the Method of collecting'

which Irnpolt Duty was altered by the said Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of the late King William the Third, and thereby the Payment thereof was to be at the End of eighteen Months, with 7 & 8 w. 3.

certain Discounts at different Rates for Prompt Payment within the respective Times thereby limited: C I

And whereas by an Act made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the9& to w. 3.

Third, a further Subsidy of one Penny per Pound was laid on all Tobacco of the English Plantations, C 23.

payable in three Months from the Importation, upon Security: And whereas by one other Act made in the second Year of her Majesty's Reign, a Duty of one third Part of one Penny per Pound was mae 2 & 3 Ann. C

payable on the same Tobacco, and the Importer to have nine Months for the Payment thereof, on sufficient Security; all which Acts before mentioned are, by several subsequent Acts, Since continued, and are nowin Force: And whereas the Payment of the said several Duties, at the different Times, as before mentioned, according to the respective Acts of Parliament, has by Experience been found prejudicial and burdensome to Trade, and a Loss to the Revenue: 'For Prevention whereof for the future. Be it fur All Duties cn there enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of June one thousand seven hun Tobacco to be dred and fourteen, during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session f Parliament, all the said Several and respective Duties on Tobacco, granted by the aforementioned Acts of By 5 G'eo. j] ' Parliament, and Since continued. shall be due and payable, during the Term aforesaid, at the End of C 7. this Act is eighteen Months, to commence at the End of thirty Days after the master's Report of the Ship, or to com continued as mence from the merchant's Entry of the Goods within those thirty Days, which shall first happen, and lonsae the Bond or Bonds to be given for the same. shall be made payable at the End of eighteen Months accord itontinu"0 ly; ?ny Statute or Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

III. Provided always, That if the Importer or Proprietor of Tobacco shall, upon Entry thereof, pay Allowance for ready Money for all or any Part of the said Duties within the said thirty Days, or at any Time or Times ter't!y Money' within any of the first fifteen Months of the said eighteen Months, to commence at the End of the said

thirty Days afrer the master's Report of the Ship, he shall, in lieu of all former Discounts made for Prompt Payment, out of all the said Duties have an Allowance made of ten Pounds percent, per Jnn. for the said fifteen Months, or proportionate for so many entire Months of the said fifteen Months as shall then remain unexpired, but nor to be allowed any Discount after the End of fifteen Months, nor for any less.

than a Month; and in case after the Importer or Proprietor shall have given Security, as aforesaid,

(which at his Election may be in one or more Bond or Bonds) to pay the said several Duties in eighteen Months, and shall be desirous to discharge his Bond or Bonds, or any Part thereof, in ready Money, sooner than fifteen Months, he shall be abated upen the Bond or Bonds for such Prompt Payment, so much as the said Discount shall amount to, in Proportion to such Time, but not to be allowed any Discount after the End of fifteen Months.

IV. Provided also, That nothing in this Act contained, is intended to take away the said Allowance of Nofotakeaway eight Pounds percent, to be made out of the several Duties for the Merchants Encouragement, and in Con* of Waste and Shrinkage, nor the Allowance of five in the Hundred out of the several Subsidies,

and the said additional Duty, by Virtue of the respective at of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Adb Hundred cut of

before recited. the Subsidies.

4 V Atul whereas several Merchants and other Persons concerned in the Importation of Tobacco of the on paying down english Plantations, are frequently under Difficulties, and unable to give good and sufficient Security for thedutyvf td.

the Payment of the several Duties imposed thereon: And whereas putting the same into proper Ware Frlb' Tobacco heufes may not only be an Ease and Convenience to the Importers thereof, but also a Security to her jr.ay bcwa^ Majesty's Revenue, 3 Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day C)' V clir " of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, during the Term of five Years, and from thence to the z tar. 3. J

End of the then next Session of Parliament, in case any Person importing any of the said 't'obacco, shall

pay down sin ready Money the Subsidy of one Penny per Pound due and payable to her Majesty by the Act of the twelfth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the Second, or by any atop Act continuing the same, ard shall then desire to have the said Tobacco put into Warehouses, under the 3 queen's

Merchant to give his own Bond to pay the Duties at 1.5 Months End,

eife to be 'sold by 2nch of Candle.

Tobacco burnt in the Warehouses, Duties to be allowed, and Bond dif 'charged.

For Tobacco in the River un entered.

Time of Importation to be reckoned from 2 June 1714.

'no Allowance for damaged Tobacco.

Merchant refusing to pay the Duties, such Tobacco the 'dcfir^yedj C

Owner to be allowed 25 lb. lore.cr)'xoolb,

The Allowance to be by Certificate,

and not to be placed to tht export Account,

Not to hinder former Allowances, not exceeding 40 lb. on any one 33og(head.

Scat. 2. Anno duodecimo anne Reginae. A.D. 1713.

queen's and the merchant's Locks, for the security of the Remainder of the Duties, the Merchant or his Servants shall have free Access into the Laid Warehouses, at all seasonable Times; and the customhouse Officers are hereby required to attend, without Fee or Reward: And it shall and may be lawful for the Commissioners or Principal Officers of the Customs, to permit and cause the said Tobacco to be lodged and put into Warehouses (to be provided by and at the Charge of the Merchants, and to be first approved by the said Commissioners or Officers) upon the merchant's giving his own Bond for Payment of trie Duties at the End of fifteen Months; and if the Importer or Importers of such Tobacco, as has been so lodged in the Warehouses, shall not, within the said Time of fifteen Months, offer good and sufficient Security for Payment of the Duties at the End of the said eighteen Months, or by Debentures on Exportation of such Tobacco, or Payment of the several Duties for which his own Bond hath been given, discharge his or their Obligations, or any Part thereof, but that the Tobacco, or any Part thereof, shall continue and be ffill remaining in the said Warehouses, for Want of the Payment of the Duties due thereon; in such Case it shall be lawful for the said Commissioners, or Principal Officers of the Customs for the Time being, and who are hereby required and empowered, to cause the said Tobacco so remaining to be publicly sold by Inch of Candle, first giving the Proprietor or Proprietors fourteen Days Notice, or leaving the same in Writing at the Place of his or their last Abode, the Product thereof, after such Sale, first to be applied towards Payment of the Customs and Charges that have been expended thereon, and the Overplus, if any, to be rendered and paid to the Proprietor, or other Person lawfully authorised to receive the same.

VI. Provided always, That in case any Tobacco put into the said Warehouses, and so locked up, as aforesaid, shall be burnt or destroyed by Fire, during the Time it remains in the said Warehouses, the Proprietors or Owners of such Tobacco shall be allowed the Duties paid, and the Bond shall be discharged for so much thereof as shall have been so burnt or destroyed -

And whereas diverse great Quantities of Tobacco of thz English Plantations have been imported for sometime, but by Reason of the Deadness of the Tobacco Trade, occasioned by the Length of the late War, the Importers or Proprietors thereof have not entered (he raid Tobacco, and paid or secured the Duties for the same, as the Law requires; 'For Relief therefore of the said Importers or Proprietors of the said Tobacco in this special Case, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Time of Importation of all such Tobaccoes, as are already imported, and not entered, shall be reckoned to be from the second Day of 'june one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, in like Manner as if the Masters of the said Ships or Vessels had made Report of their several Ladings on that Day; and the Importers or Proprietors of such Tobacco shall pay or secure the Duties, and have and enjoy the several Allowances and Discounts, and be intituled to drawback the Duties, as fully and in like Manner as if the said Tobacco had been imported, and the Masters of the Ships had made their respective Reports of their Ladings, on the said second Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; any Law, Usage or Custom, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CVIII. And whereas it hath been found by Experience, that her Majesty's Revenue suffers great preju t dice, as well by Allowances for damaged Tobacco, as by the obtaining a Drawback by Debenture on the re shipping the same, as if such Tobacco had been found and good, and paid the duties at Importation; 'For preventing the like Abuses for the future, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, within or during the Term of five Years thence next ensuing, or at any Time before the End of the then next Session of Parliament, no Merchant or other Person whatsoever shall have any Allowance or Abatement for the Subsidies or other Duties made him, for any Sort of Tobacco imported, or to be imported, under Pretence of such Tobacco being corrupt or unmerchantable: But in case any Merchant or other Person shall refuse to make Entry of such damaged Tobacco, and to pay and secure the whole Duties due and payable for the same, then he or they shall have Liberty to separate from his or their Tobacco, so much thereof as they shall refuse to pay Custom for; and the Principal Officers of her Majesty's Customs, or any two or more of them, shall cause all such corrupt Tobacco to be weighed and publicly burnt, or otherwise destroyed as not wholesome and fit for Use; and the Owner or Importer thereof shall be discharged from paying or securing any Subsidy, or other Duties for the same, to her Majesty; Law, Custom or Usage, to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

IN. Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Owner or Importer of such damaged and corrupt Tobacco, shall, as a Cotnpensation for Freight and other Charges, and for that th e cutting off, and separating the same, may deface the Remainder of the Tobacco, have an Allowance of twenty-five Pounds Weight of Tobacco, free of all Duties, for every one hundred Pounds of such corrupt and damaged Tobacco so separated, to be burnt or destroyed, as aforesaid, and foin Proportion for any greater or Idler Quantity; which Allowance of twenty-five Pounds for everyone hundred Pounds of Tobacco so to be made, as aforesaid, shall be by Certificate; and the Officers are hereby required to makej pass, and pay such Certificate without Fee or Reward, the Tobacco mentioned in such Certificate not to be placed to the merchant's Export Account, so as such Allowance of twenty-five Pounds of Tobacco for every one hundred Pounds of damaged Tobacco so separated or destroyed, docs not exceed the Quantity of one hundred and fifty Pounds of Tobacco, upon or for any Hogshead of Atranoca Tobacco, or the Quantity of two hundred Pounds of Tobacco, upon.or for any Hogshead of sweet feented Tobacco.

X Provided always, and be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to forbid of hinder the Merchants or Importers having an Allowance made them for damaged Tobacco, in such Manner as hath been usual, so as such Allowance doth not exceed forty Pounds Weight of Tobacco upon any one Hogshead; for the more ready Dispatch of Business, such finall Damages, not exceeding forty Pounds Weight on any one Hogshead, shall be viewed, and the Allowance made in the Scale; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo Anni Reginae. Slat, 2. 623

CXI. And whereas it frequently happens that diverse Goods and Merchandizes are brought into her Majesty's Storehouses for want of being entered, and because the Duties of Tonnage and Poundage, and other Duties are not paid and secured as the Law directs, which Goods do remain there diverse Years, and of ten so long, until they are perished, and become of no Value, whereby the Queen hath lost the whole Custom due on the importation of the said Goods; 'For Prevention whereof for the future, Be it like Goods in War

wise enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the first Day of July one thousand seven bun f"

dred and fourteen, the Commissioners of the Customs for the Time being mall, in all Cases where the bhck Sale. Goods are or shall be brought into her Majesty's Storehouses for Security of the Customs, and other Duties due thereon, as soon as conveniently they can, cause all Goods so brought into her Majesty's Store ^ltercij k*houses, as aforesaid, which shall have remained there for the Space of twelve Months, the Subsidy and; G "l1, C s ' other Duties not paid, compounded for, or otherwise secured as the Law directs, to be publicly sold by*'

Auction or Inch of Candle; and after such Sale, the Produce thereof is first to be applied to or towards the Payment of the Freight, Primage and Charges of warehouse room, and other Charges that shall arise

thereon, next the Customs and Duties, and the Overplus to be paid to the Proprietor, or other Persons authorised to receive the same.

XII. And whereas an Act passed in the eighth Year of her Majesty's Reign for continuing several Impo j^nn C i. -. fitions, additional Impositions, and Duties upon Goods imported, to raise Money by way of Loan for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and ten, and for better preventing Frauds in Draw backs upon Certificate Goods, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; in which Act there were several Regulations enacted to be complied with, in Order to entitle the Exporters of Tobacco to their Debentures; which new Regulations, being made to commence from the twenty seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten, by which Time the same could not be known in Scotland, several par eels of Tobacco, through Ignorance, were exported from thence without Regard to the Regulations lard down in the said Act, ..the Debentures of which Tobacco have been refused to be made forth and allowed to the Merchants upon that Account only; '. Be it therefore enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for for all Tobacco --all Tobacco exported from Scotland, after the twenty seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred vp0irtej l'°m and ten, and before the sixteenth Day of April following, the Barons of the Exchequer in Scotland shall a march 1* cause the Debentures to be made..forth, and allowed to the Merchants, according to the Laws in Force anr, 6 April before the said twenty seventh Day of March one thousand seven hundred and ten; anything in the afore 1710. fxche said Act to the contrary notwithstanding, T', er there to

CXIII. And whereas there has been some Doubt whether the Deputations or Authorities granted to Col out De'

ledlors, Surveyors, or other inferior Officers of the Customs, do remain in Force upon the Death or Re entljres'

moval of any of the Commissioners of the Customs, by whom the Deputations were granted; 'Be it en Deputations m acted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all such Collectors, Surveyors, or other inferior Offi standlnahe1 cers of the Customs, who are or have been, or shall be hereafter deputed or appointed, as aforesaid, shall Death, t. cf be deemed to remain and continue in their respective Offices and Employments, notwithstanding the Death Commissioners. Removal of any of the.of of the Customs, who deputed and appointed such Officers, until Fenber Prom Deputations of such Officers respectively shall be by the said Commissioners, or any superior Authority, A" 1 c°rcsr": yg revoked, annulled or made void. [Continued by 5 Geo. 1. c. 7.] \ t.fb. ' 5&', '

I. C 13.. G. if. 21.9Qeo. t. 21, 12 Ga. 1. C 262s. u Geo. 2., C 2. 24. Gee. 2. C 41. cr.d 26 Geo. 2. C tj.

CAP. IX.

An Act for laying additional Duties on Sope and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silk's, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch, and exported Coals, and upon stamped Vellum, Parch -- ment and Paper, for raising one Million four hundred thousand Pounds by way of a Lottery, for her Majesty's Supply; and for Allowances on exporting made Wares of Leather, Sheep skins and Lamb skins, and for Distribution of four thousand Pounds due to the Officers and! Seamen for Gun money; and to adjust the Property of Tickets in former Lotteries; and j touching certain Shares of Stock in the Capital of the Sculb sea Company; and for appropriating the Moneys granted to her Majesty.

MAY it please your most Excellent Majesty; your majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain in Parliament aft embled, being desirous that such Supplies as are northeast ceftary for defraying your majesty's public Expenses, may be eft eftually raised, have therefore cheerfully and unanimously given and - granted, and do by this Act give and grant unto your Majesty the several and respective Rates and Duties for and upon all Sope made in Great Britain, or imported into the same.; and for and upon all Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and for and upon all chequered and striped Linens to be imported into Great Britain, and for and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, and other enumerated Goods, which shall be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, and for and upon all Starch made in Great Britain; and for and upon all Coals exported for foreign Parts; and for and upon such stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, and other Things hereafter in this Act more particularly de feribed or mentioned, for and during such Term or Terms of Years, and in such Manner and Form, as are herein after expressed; and do most humbly beseech your Majesty, that it may be enacted; be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by Authority of the same, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for and upon all Sope of what Kind soever, which, at any Time or Times, within or.during the

Term

For the appis t;. cation of the Surplus of the Duties hereby granted, see 2 Geo. 2. c. 3.

2. for Payment of annui tiesto the Banlc8 And see 2 Geo. 2*: r. 18.

Fo? 31 Years; from 2 Aug. 1714. Sope imported to psy tshe Additional Duty of ad per lb, -

Made perpetual by 6 Geo. i. C 4. §. 1.

sot>e made in Great Britain ob. per lb.

Additional Duty upon Paper,

Pa ft board, Szc. Made perpetual by 6 Geo. 1*

C 4. §. I.

Atlas Fine.

Atlas Ordinary.

Imperial Fine.

Super Royal Fine.

Royal Fine.

Medium Fine,

Demy Fine,

Demy Second.

Demy Printing.

Fine Holland Royal.

Fine Holland Second.

Blue Royal.

Painted Paper imported.

Cartridge Paper.

Elephant Fine.

Ordinary Elephant,

Fine Large poll.

Stat. 2. Anno duodecimo Ann Regins. A.D. 1713.

Terra of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the second Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and four een, dial I be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, or made within the same, the several and respective Additional or New Duties herein after described or mentioned (oyer and above all Customs, Subsidies, Rates and Duties chargeable upon such Sope, or any Part thereof, by any other Act or acts of Parliament now in Force) That is to say, For every Po nd Weight, confiding of sixteen Ounces Averdupois, of such Sope so to be imported or brought into the Lid Kingdom, within or during the Term aforesaid, one Penny, and after that Rate for a greater or ieff*r Quantity, to be paid down in Ready Money by the Importers thereof, from Time to Time, before the Landing of the same; and for every such Pound weight of Sope to be made in the said Kingdom of Great Britain, within and during the Term aforesaid, one Halfpenny, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Paper of what Kind soever, and all Pastboards, Millboards and Scaleboards, which, at any Time or Times within or during the Term of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain (printed Books, Maps and other Prints, always excepted) the several and respective Rates and Duties herein after expressed (over and above the present Customs, Subsidies and Duties upon the same Commodities respectively) That is to say,

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Atlas Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Atlas Ordinary, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Imperial Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of eight Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Super Royal *Sine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of six Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Royal *Sine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Medium Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of three Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Fine, which shall be impoited or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of two Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Printing, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of ten Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Holland Royal, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and seven Pence halfpenny for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Holland Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Blue Royal, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all painted Paper, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Cartridge Paper, which shall be imported and brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Elephant Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of four Shillings for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Ordinary Elephant, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and seven Pence halfpenny for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Large Post, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, the Sum of one Shilling and threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate asa* greater or lesser Quantity.

A.D. 171 Anno duodecimo Ann Reginae. Stat. 2. 625

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Fools Cap. which shall be imported Fine Fools Cap. or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling and threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Second Fools Cap. which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Bajlardor Double Copy, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Chancery Double, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Super Fine Pot, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Second Fine Pot, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Royal, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling and seven Pence halfpenny for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all. Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Medium, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling and threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Demy Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, one Shilling for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Demy Second, which shall be

Gena Demy

imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Second.

Genoa Crown Fine.

Genoa Crown Second,

Genoa fool's Cap Fine.

Genoa foci's Cap Second.

German Lombard.

German Demy, German Crown.

German fool's Cap.

Second Fools Cap.

Bastard or Double Copy.

Char, eery Double.

Super Fine Pot, Second Fine Pot, Genoa Royal. Genoa Medium

Genoa Demy Fine,

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Crown Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Crown Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually. called or known by the Name of Genoa Fools Cap Fine, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Genoa Fools Cap Second, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of German Lombard, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of German deny, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or knowm by the Name of German Crown, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of German Fools Cap. which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Pastboards, Millboards, and scale ooards, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, two Shillings and sixpence for every hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

And for and upon all other Paper, White or Brown, or of any other Colour or Kind whatsoever, which shall be imported or brought in, as aforesaid, (not being particularly charged in this AR) a Duty after the Rate of ten Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

Which laid Duties for and upon the said several Sorts of Paper, and the said Pastboards, Millboards, and Scahboards, to be imported within or during the Term aforesaid, shall be paid by the respective Importers thereof from time to Time.

Pastboard, scale board, C

Paper not particularly charged.

In p^rt repealed by 1 1 Geo. I, C 7. left. 4.

To be paid by the Importer.

III. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected paper, past and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Paper of what boards, C Kind soever, and upon all Pastboards, Millboards, and Scaleboards, which shall at any Time or Times, 17, 3 ie.in Great within or during the Term of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be made in Great Britain, the several and respective Duties herein after mentioned, That is to say,

6z6

Stat. 2

Demy Fine. Demy Second. Crown Fine, Crown Second.

fool's Cap Fine.

fool's Cap Second.

Fine Pots.

Second Pots,

Brown Large Cap.

Small Ordinary Brown.

Whited Brown,

Pastboard, &c.

Paper not particularlycharged.

To be paid by the Maker.

Painted Paper, Concerning Dulles on Paper, Daft boards, C

see i Geo. i. C 36. fill. 17. 11 Geo. i. C 7. 10 Geo. 2. c. 2.7, Chequered and Griped Linens, &c. imported, to pay 15 I. percent, ad valo jem, except Buckrams, C The Duties in this and the J next Section are made perpetual by 6 Geo. 1.

C 4 §. 1.

Duty on Silks, Calicoes, Linens and stuffs, printed in Great Britain. Exception,

Silks,

Silk Handkerchiefs.

Anno duodecimo ann'^e Reginae. A.D. 1713.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Fine, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of nine Pence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Demy Second, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Idler Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Crown Fine, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Crown Second, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of fourpence halfpenny for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fools Cap Fine, which shall he so made in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Ream, and after that rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of fool's Cap Second, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of fourpence halfpenny for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or Icflep Quantity.'

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Fine Pots, which shall he so made in Great Britain, the Sum of sixpence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the name of Second Pots, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called by the Name of Broivn Large Cap. which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of threepence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Small Ordinary Broivn, which final! he so made in Great Britain, the Sum of twopence for every Ream, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Paper usually called or known by the Name of Whited Brown, which shall be so made in Great Britain, the Sum of threepence for every Bundle, each Bundle containing forty Quires, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

For and upon all Pastboards, Millboards and Scaleboards, which shall be made in Great Britain, one Shilling and sixpence for every hundred Weight, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity.

And for and upon all other Paper, White or Brown, or of any other Col*r or Kind whatsoever, which, shall be made in Great Britain, as aforesaid, (not being particularly charged in this at) a Duty after the Rate of six Pounds for every hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of the same, and after that Rate for any greater or lesser Quantity.

Which said Duties for and upon the said several Sorts of Paper, and other the Commodities last mentioned to be made in Great Britain, within or during the Term aforesaid, shall be paid by the Makers thereof respectively.'

IV. And it is hereby enacted, That for and upon all Paper, which, at any Time or Times, during the Term last: mentioned, shall be printed, painted or stained in Great Britain, to serve for Hangings, and other Uses, there shall be answered and paid to her Majesty (over and above the Duties payable for such Paper before the Printing, Painting, or Staining thereof) the Sum of one halfpenny for every Yard Square, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by such Person or Persons as shall print, paint, or slain the same.

V. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and

paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all chequered and flriped Linens, and upon all Linens printed, painted, stained, or dyed after the Manufacture, or in the Thread or Yarn before the manufacture, in any Foreign Parts (excepting Buckrams, Lawns, Canvas, Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths) which at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the said second Day of Auvujl one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be import 1 ed or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and may lawfully be used or worn there (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies or Duties, imposed upon, or payable for the same) a Duty after the Rate of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, to be paid by the Importers respectively.

And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Silks, Calicoes, Linens and stuffs, of what Kind soever, which at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain (such Calicoes, Linens and Fustians, as shall be dyed throughout of one Colour only, and stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof th greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen, always excepted) the several and respective Rates and Duties hereinafter expressed (over and above all other Duties payable for the same, or any of them;,) That is to say.

For and upon all Silks so printed, stained or painted, within of during the Term aforesaid, in Great Britain (Silk Handkerchiefs excepted) the Sum of sixpence for every Yard in Length, reckoning Half a Yard for the Breadth.

And for all Silk Handkerchiefs so printed, stained or painted, within or during the erm aforesaid, in Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny for every Yard square, and in those Proportions for wider or narrower Silks.

For and upon all Calicoes to be so printed, stained, painted or dyed, within or during the Term aforesaid.

Calicoes.

A.D. 171

Anno duodecimo ann.t Reginae.

Stat. 2. 627

said, in Great Britain, (except as aforesaid) the Sum of threepence for every Yard in Length, reckoning The Dmies in one Yard wide, and after that Proportion. this and tha

next section are made pc; petual by 6 Geo. j. C 4. t.

And for and upon all Linen and Stuffs (except before excepted) to be printed, stained, painted or dyed, Linen and Stufis, as aforesaid, in Great Britain, within or during the Term last mentioned, the Sum of one Penny Half Concerning lin penny for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, and after that Rate for a greater or lesser Quan

ti(y'pi r.vj

axe. X CCV 1. C 36. 3 G. 1.1, 7, 17g o. z. C 30, is Geo. 2. c. 24 & 36. zq.Geo. 2. C 46. 19 Gen. z. C 15. 31 cvs. 2. C 32.

VII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there hall be raised, levied, collected and paid, Starch imported unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Starch, which at any Time opay^ perlb, or Times, within or during the 'Perm of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the said second Day, grejt of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, hall be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain 1 a. Britain (over and above all Customs, Subsidiesyand Duties, already imposed thereupon) the Sum of two Made perpewal Pence for every Pound Weight, confuting of sixteen Ounces Averdupois, and after that Rate for a greater by 6 Geo. 1.

or lesser Quantity, to be paid down in Ready Money by the Importers thereof, from Time to Time, beg; r L fore the Landing of the lame; and for and upon all Starch, of what Kind soever, which at any Time or Starch Times, within or during the same Term of two and thirty Years, hall be made within the said Kingdom of e7 inches in of Great Britain, the Sum of one Penny for every such Pound Weight Averdupois, and after that Rate for a Length, and greater or kfler Quantity, the same to be paid by the Makers thereof respectively. 10 in Breadth,

VIII. And it is hereby declared, That if the Charge on Starch be made by gauging the said Starch before

it be diicd in the Stove, then, and in every such Case, every Box of green Starch, or Starch before it be so thvlj h (f " dried, containing fifty seven Inches in Length, and ten Inches in Breadth, hall, from the said second Day inch ea proof August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be e teemed one hundred thirty-one Averdupois Pound ruled for, Weight of Starch dried and perfectly made, and hall be charged accordingly, and proportionably for grea 1 g=t> i stat.i. ter or lesser Quantities.

Starch, see farther 3 Geo. I. C 4. and Geo. 2. c. 14.

IX. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there hall be raised, levied, collected and paid. Coals exported unto and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for and upon all Coals which at any Time ln fore'sn^eot or Times, within or during the Term of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the said second Day of thtchaldci 5'August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, hall be hipped to be exported beyond the Seas (Coals exported to Ireland, the isle of Man, or her Majesty's Plantations excepted) the Duties following, that is

to say, For such Coals hipped to be exported by Foreign Bottoms, the Sum of five Shillings the Chalder,

Neiveqjlle Meai ure, (over and above the present Duties upon the same;,) and for all Cords which at any Time or Times, within or during the same Term of two and thirty Years, hall be hipped to be exported; n Eririfii bot beyond the Seas in british Bottoms, the Sum of three Shillings for every Chalder, Newcajlk Measure toms, 3 s. (over and above the present Duties payable for the same) and no more; any Law to the contrary not with muleu. rpctual

1 r J 1 & 6 Geo. 1.

iranding. C six.

And it is hereby enabled and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Duties imposed by LI this Act upon such Sope, Paper, Pafthonrds, Millboards, Scaleboards, chequered and striped Linens, or

any other Commodities before charged, as hall be imported into England, v/ciles, and the Town of Berwick under thema upon Tweed, during the Term or Terms aforesaid, and all the Duties which hall arise in England, Wales, nagement of or Berwick upon Tweed, for Coals to be exported during the Term therein granted, as aforesaid, hall be h commis under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Customs in England, for the Time being, r°th" according to the Duties of their respective Offices; and that all the Duties imposed by this Act upon such conccr irgday Sope, Paper, Pastboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, and chequered and striped Linens, or any the com modifies before charged, as shall be imported into Scotland, during the respective Terms aforesaid, and all there 3 Geo. j. the Duties imposed by this Act, which hall arise in Scotland, for Coals to be exported during the said Term C96 gc° r therein granted, as aforesaid, hall be under the Management of the Commissioners and Officers of the Cu CC 22 " stoms in Scotland for the Time being, according to the Duties of their respective Offices; and that the re speblive Receivers General of the Customs in England and Scotland for the Time being ball, Time to ft. zs.

Time, pay or cause to be paid, all the Moneys that they shall respectively receive for the said imported Commodities, and for the said exported Coals (the necefliry Charges of raising and accounting for the lame excepted) into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, distinblly and apart from all other Branches of the publick Revenues, for the Purposes in this Act expressed, and under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, as are to be inflicted by this Act for diverting or misapplying any Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for any the Purposes herein after mentioned,

XI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Duties imposed by this Act upon Sope, Paper,0. such Sope, Paper, Pastboard, Millboard, Scakboard, Starch, and other Commodities before particularly

charged, as shall be made in England, jfales or Berwick upon Tweed, during the Term or Terms aforesaid, u(, 1d'^nt'he°ma and all the Duties imposed by this Act, upon such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, Stufts_: m.d. Paper, as shall be nagement of the printed, painted, stained or dyed in England, T sales or Berwick upon Tweed, at any Time or Times within Commissioners or during the Term or Terms therein granted, as aforesaid, shall be under the Management of the Com 01 Excise. missioner of Excise in England for the Time being, and the Officers inrployed or to be imploysd under them; and that all the Duties imposed by this Act upon such Sope, Paper, Pastboard, Millboard, scale board, Starch, and other Commodities before particularly charged, as hall be made in Scotland during the Term or Terms aforesaid, and all Duties imposed by this Act upon such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, Stuffs and Paper, as hall be printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Scotland, at any Time or Times within or during

30

10.

How these several Duties shall be raised, C

30 Ann. C 19.

30 Ann, C 26.

30 Ann. C 39.

Proper Stamps to be provided.

All the Powers in 10 Ann. to be in Force. jo Ann, c. 39 & 26.

Persons exporting Silks, C to give Notice to the proper Officer of pack ing the said Goods,

Slat. 2. Anno duodecimo A n n m Reginse, A.D. 17/3.

the Term or Terms therein granted, as aforesaid, shall be under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland for the Time being, and the Officers to be employed under them; and that the said respective Commissioners of Excise in England and Scotland for the Time being shall, from Time to Time, pay or cause to be paid, all the Moneys that they shall respectively receive for the said Duties upon Sope, Paper, Pastboard, Millboard, Scaleboard and Starch, as shall be made in Great Britain within or during the respective Terms aforesaid, and for the said Duties upon such Silks, Calicoes, Linens, Stuffs and Paper, as shall be printed, painted, stained or dyed in Great Britain, at any Time or Times within or during the respective Terms therein granted, as aforesaid, as the same shall arise, into the Receipt of her Majesty's Exchequer in England, under the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabdities, as are to be inflicted by this at for diverting or misapplying any Moneys by this Act appropriated or appointed for any the Purposes herein after mentioned.

XII. And it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the several Duties by this Act imposed, as aforesaid, upon Sope, Paper of all Sorts, Pastboards, Millboards, Scaleboards, chequered and striped Linens, and upon printed, painted, stained and dyed Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuff's, during the said Termor Terms of Years, therein by this Act granted, in all Cases whatsoever (except where other pro viflon or Direction is specially made or given by this Act) shall be raided, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with the like Discounts, Allowances, Exemptions and Drawbacks, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties imposed on the same Commodities respectively, by an Act made in the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for laying several Duties upon Sope, Paper, chequered and striped Linens, and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or stained, (amongst other Things thereby charged) for and during the respective Terms thereby granted, towards raiffng the Sum of one Million eight hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, or by any other Act of this Sessions of Parliament are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid respectively; and that the said Duty by this Act imposed upon Starch, during all the said Term of two and thirty Years therein by this Act granted, shall be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, and with the like Discounts, Allowances, Exemptions and Drawbacks, and in such Manner and Form, as the Duties imposed by another Act of the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, upon Starch (amongst other 'Filings thereby charged) for and during the Term thereby granted, towards raising another Sum of one Million eight hundred thousand Pounds therein mentioned, or by any Act or Acts of Parliament thereby referred unto, are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid respectively, except in such Case or Cases, touching which other Directions are given by this Act; and that the said Duties by this Act imposed upon Coals exported to any foreign Parts, (except before excepted) during the said Term of Years by this Act granted of and in the same, shall be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid, by such Ways, Means and Methods, and under such Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, and in such Manner and Form, as the present Duties upon Exportation of Coals, or any other customable Goods, to any foreign Parts, by any Law or Statute now in Force, during the Continuance thereof, are to be raised, levied, ascertained, secured, collected, answered and paid.

XIII. And for better securing the Duties by this Act chargeable upon such of the Commodities aforesaid, as by the first mentioned Act of the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign are directed to be marked or stamped; to the End the Duties arising thereupon by this Act may be better distinguished, and applied to the fe parare Use by this Act intended, Be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That such proper Stamps or Seals shall, on or before the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be provided and distributed by the said respective Commissioners, as may serve to denote the Payment or charging of the several Duties by this and the said former Act chargeable on the same Commodities respectively; that the said Stamps or Seals by this Act directed to be provided, shall be used and applied accordingly, and shall and may, from Time to Time, be renewed or altered by the said respective Commissioners, as often as there shall he a necessary Occasion for renewing the same.

XIV. And be it also enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all the Powers, Authorities, Rules, Directions, Pains of Death, and other Pains, Penalties and Forfeitures, Clauses, Matters and Things whatsoever, contained in the said several Acts of the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing and paying the Duties on such Commodities before mentioned, as are by this act charged with new or additional Duties thereupon, or touching the Marks or Stamps thereby directed to be continued, practised, and put in Execution, for raising, receiving, levying, recovering, securing and paying the same new or additional Duties, by this Act charged upon the same Commodities respectively, and all Arrearages thereof, as fully and effectually to all Intents and Purposes as if they were particularly and at large repeated in the Body of this present Act, except in such Cases only where any Alteration therein is specially made by this Act.

XV. And whereas great Quantities of Silks, Calicoes and Linens that are printed, painted, stained or e dyed in Great Britain, are frequently shipt off in order to be exported, as is pretended, for which tbs

Exporter doth receive a very great Drawback; and notwithstanding the Law already made to prevent the

relanding of them, yet very great Quantities are frequently relanded, to the great lessening of her Majesty's Revenue, and Prejudice of the fair traderto prevent which evil Practises for the future, and

- to secure the Duties upon the said Goods, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, all and every Person and Persons that shall export any Silks, Calicoes or Linens that are printed, painted, stained or dyed, for which a Drawback is to be allowed, such Person or Persons (before he or they shall ship the said Goods) in order t > obtain the Drawback for the same, shall be obliged to give Notice to the proper Officer or Officers to be ap 3 pointed

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo Anni Regime.

Stat. 2. 629

pointed for that Purpose by the respective Commissioners of the Cudoms, when and where he will pack up the said Goods in Order to be exported; and the said Commissioners of the Cudoms are hereby im who Is to take powered and dnvbled to cause such Officer to take care to see that such Seal or Seals, Stamps or Marks, be carc tl'« the taken off from every Piece so intended to be exported; and the said Officer or Officers shall take an Ac fr, e 'een count of the Kinds and Quantities of the Goods so intended to be exported, and make a Return thereof to i'il.c7'cc?^the Officer that shall be appointed by such Commissioners to receive the same, without any Fee or Reward' for so doing.

CXVII. And whereas Sope is more or less used in walling, scouring, or preparing the Sheeps Wool,

or Lambs Wool, to be converted into the Woollen Manufactures of this Realm, and in the making or ' fi. idling Woollen Manufactures, or Manufactures mixed with Wool, whereof the greated Part of the

Value of the Materials is Wool, and in whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in Order to the Sale of such Linen, or in some of them, and it being judged reasonable to give an Encouragement to Persons who shall be employed in the preparing, making or finishing those Manufactures, whether the same be for Exporta

or Home Consumption It is hereby further provided and enabled. That it shall and may be lawful On o.th or to and for any Person and Persons, who, after the said second Day of Augitft one thousand seven hundred Affiimstion cf and fourteen, during the Continuance of the Duties on Sope by this Act granted, shall employ, spend and §7 consume any Quantity or Quantities of Sope in the making of any Clothes, Serges, Kersies, Bays, Stock nuking clothes, ings, or other Manufactures of Sheeps or Lambs Wool only, or Manufactures whereof the greated Part of tc.

the Value of the Materials shall be Wool, or in the finishing the said Manufactures, or preparing the Wool for the same, or in whitening of new Linen in the Piece, in order to the Sale of such Linen, or to and for his, her or their chief Workman employed under him, her or them in those Works, or any of them, from Time to Time, to make Proof in Writing by the Affidavit of the said Person or Persons, who shall so employ, spend and consume the said Sope, or of his, her or their chief Workman, unless he, she or they be a known Quaker or Quakers, and by the solemn Affirmation of such Quaker or Quakers, before the Collector and Supervisor of the Didribl or Division where such Sope shall befo employed, spent and consumed, or either of them (who are hereby respectively empowered and required to administer the same, upon the Requed of the Manufacturer, or iiis, her or their chief Workman aforesaid) which said Affidavit or Affirmation shall specify the Kinds and Quantities of the Manufactures so made, finished, prepared or whi - Specifying the tened, and the Days between which, and the Places where the same were so made, finished, prepared or Manufactures whitened respectively, and the Quantities and Kinds of the Sope which were actually employed, spent and f:,) ita<!e> c consumed therein, and that no Allowance by virtue of this Act, was before made to such Manufacturers an(j that n0 Al respectively, or for his, her or their Benefit, of the Duties payable by this Act, for the Sope so specified in ^'nmadel'e such Affidavit or Affirmation, or any Part thereof; and that upon the making of every such Affidavit or fn, 'e 3 L ' " Affirmation, the said Collector out of the Money in his Hands of the said Duties upon Sope by this Act ccueflor to re granted, shall pay to the said Manufacturers respectively so much as the whole Duties granted by this Act, pay the whole for the Sope specified in every such Affidavit or Affirmation taken by the said Collector and Supervisor dut!es» jointly, or by the said Collector singly, doth amount unto, without any Delay; and in case the same were ndminiftred by the Supervisor only, then upon a Certificate thereof made and signed by the said Supervisor (which he is hereby required to make and sign upon Demand) the said Collector shall, out of any Moneys iti his Hands of the said Duties on Sope, forthwith pay to the said Manufacturers respectively, the said Duties so payable by this Abe for the Sope so spent and consumed, as aforesaid; in case the Collector shall not then have Money sufficient in his Hands to satisfy such Payments, That then and in every such Case, the Commissioners of the said Duties on Sope for the Time being, upon a Certificate thereof from the said Collector (who is hereby enjoined and required to make and sign such Certificate) shall forthwith cause such Payments to be made out of any Moneys arising by the said Duties on Sope by this Act granted, without any further Delay.

XVII. And it is hereby declared and enabled. That the said Affidavits, Affirmations and Certificates, Such Affidavits, touching the said Allowance to the Woollen and Linen Manufacturers affiresaid, shall and may be written or c 110110 bs printed upon Paper not stamped or marked for any the Duties charged by any Abl upon dampt Vellum, amped' z parchment or Paper; and that no Fee, Gratuity or Reward whatsoever, shall be required, demanded or taken from any the said Manufacturers, for making any the Payments of the said Allowance for Sope consumed

in the said Woollen or Linen Manufactures, or for making or taking any the said Affidavits, Affirmations, or Certificates relating thereunto (except fourpence for writing every such Affidavit, Affirmation or Certificate) upon Pain that any the said Officers offending therein, shall for every such Offence pay treble Damages to the Party grieved, besides Cods of Suit, to be recovered in such Manner, as any other Penalties relating to the Duties upon Sope are by this Act to be recovered.

XVIII. And for the better preventing Frauds and Abuses in obtaining the Allowances lad mentioned, it such Affidavit, is hereby further enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall, in such Affidavit or Affirmation, swear, af false, fr firm or allege any Matter or Thing that shall be false and untrue, with an Intent to defraud her Majesty, kits treble the her Heirs or Successors, such Person or Persons offending therein, shall for every such Offence forfeit and lose 1, J, lueof le treble the Value of the Allowance for which such Affidavit or Affirmation shall be made, to be recovered in A owance* like Manner (to wit) one third Part thereof to the Use of the queen's Majesty, and the other two Thirds

thereof, with Cods of Suit, to the Use of the Informer orprosecutor; and if any Person or Persons, being Sec; ntj o.ter.ce: once convicted of any such Offence, shall again offend in the like Kind, and be thereof duly convicted in!, eiiury any Court of Record at Westminster, or in any the Courts of Scotland, every such Person or Persons, for such other Offence, shall suffer as in Cases of wilful and corrupt Perjury.

XIX. And whereas it has been found by Experience, That several Makers of Sope, with Intent to de ceive her Majesty of thejud Duties by this and the recited Act granted, do make Sope in private Cellars

and other secret Places, and fraudulently issue and send out the same in small Cades For preventing of which evil Prablice for the future, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the second'

Day

630 Stat. 2.

Anno duodecimo Annj, Regina?.

A.D. 1713.

Soft Sope in xvhat Casks to Le filled.

c.nr.ct t ntvg Sope Duties see farther, 1 Geo. 2. c. 36. 11 Geo. X C 30, 33.

No Perfumer, See to mix Ala; barter, C with Hair Powder.

Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, all soft Sope that shall be filled in any other Cask less than Barrels, Half barrels, Firkins and Half firkins, shall be forfeited, and also the Sum of five Pounds, shall he paid by the Maker of such Sope; one Moiety thereof to the Seizor or Informer, and the other Moiety to the Poor of the Parish where such Offence shall be committed, to be recovered as any other Penalties concerning the Duties on Sope are by this Act recoverable.

XX. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, no Perfumer, peruke maker, Barber, Sellers of, or Dealers in Hair powder, shall make, vend, sell, dispose, or make use of, or offer to Sale any Powder made of or mixed with any Alabafler, Talke, Plaster of Paris, Whiting, Lime, or other Matter or Thing of the like Nature (Sweet Scents only excepted) under Pain of forfeiting all the Hair powder so made or mixed, or made use of, vended, Told, disposed of, or offered to Sale, and the Sum of fifty Pounds for every such 'Offence;, the one Moiety thereof to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to the Seizor or Informer, to be recovered as any' other Penalties concerning the Duties on Starch are by this Act recoverable.

xxf. And moreover be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be, throughout the Kingdom of Great Britain, raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and successors, for the several and respective Matters and Things herein after mentioned, which at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of two and thirty Years, to be reckoned from the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall be engrafted orwiitten (over and above the Rates, Duties, and Sums of Money now due or payable to her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, for the same) the several and respective Rates, Duties, Charges and Sums of Money herein after expressed, in Manner following; That is to say,

For every Piece of vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which shall be engrossed or written any Transfer of stock in any Company, Society or Corporation whatsoever, within Great Britain, the Sum of four Shillings and and sixpence Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, on which any Grant or Letters Patents under the Great Seal of Great Britain, or the Seal of the Duchy or County Palatine of Lancaster, of any Honour, Dignity, Promotion, Franchise, Liberty or Privilege, to any Person or Persons, Body Politic or Corporate, or exem pliftcation of the same, shall be engrossed or written (Commissions of Rebellion in Process always excepted) the Sum of forty shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Pardon (except the General Circuits and Newgate Pardons) of or for any Crime or Offence, or of any Sum of Money or Forfeiture whatsoever, or on which any Warrant of Reprieve or Relaxation from any Pecuniary Fine or Forfeiture, exceeding one hundred Pounds, or from any Corporal Punishment, shall be engrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Grant from her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, of any Sum of Money exceeding one hundred Pounds Sterling, 'which shall pass the Great Seal of Great Britain, the Great Seal of Scotland, or the Privy Seal not directed to the Great Seal, shall be engrossed or written, the Sum forty Shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Grant of any Office or Trnployment in Great Britain, which shall be above the Value of fifty Pounds Sterling per Ann. shall be engrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Firce of Vellum or Parchment, or Piece or Sheet of Paper, upon which any dispensation to hold two Ecclesiastical Dignities or Benefices, or both a Dignity and a Benefice, or any other difipen fation or Faculty from the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, or the Master of the Faculties for the Time being, shall he engrossed or written, the Stimof forty Shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be en r grafted or written.any Admittance or Instrument for admitting of any Fellow of the College of Physicians, or of any Attorney, Clerk, Advocate, Prodlor, Notary, or other Officer or Officers, in any Court whatsoever in Great Britain (not being an annual Officer in any Corporation or inferior Court, whose Office is under the Value of ten Pounds Sterling per Ann. in Salary, Sees, or other Perquisites) the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Appeal from the High Courts "of Admiralty, either in England or Scotland, Court of Arches, or the Prerogative Court of Canterbury or lord, shall be engrossed or written, the Sum of forty Shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which shall be engrafted or written any Institution or Licence, that shall pass the Seal of any Archbishop or Bishop, Chancellor or other Ordinary, or any Ecclesiastical Court whatsoever in England, 1 Vales, or Berwick upon Tweed; or upon which shall be engrafted, written or registered, any Writ or Instrument for the like Purpose, with any such Institution or Licence, that hall be pasted or made by any Presbytery, or other Spiritual Power in Scotland, the Sum of five Shillings Sterling (Licences to Schoolmasters and Tutors excepted.)

Letters of Mart. For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, upon which any Letters of Mart shall be engrafted or written, the Sum of five Shillings Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece cf, Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet or Piece of Paper, on which any Beneficial Warrant, or Order under the Sign Manual of her Majesty, her Heirs or Succefifors, (except Warrants or Orueis for the Service of the Navy, Army and Ordnance) shall be engrafted or written, the Sum of two Shillings and sixpence Sterling.

For every Skin or Piece of Vellum or Parchment, or Sheet cr Piece of Paper, upon which shall be engrailed or written in Great Britain, any Indenture, Lease, Bond, or any Deed not hereby otherwise charged

Additional Duties on Stamps.

"These Duties made perpetual by 6 Geo. 2. <.*. §1.

Transfer of Stock.

'Great Seal or Duchy Seal.

Pardons, &c.

Grants of Money.

grants of ofh ces.

?£ifpensations.

Admittances.

Appeals.

Institution cr (Licence.

Beneficial War rants.

Indentures, ca

D.

1713.

Anno duodecimo Ann Regina.

Stat. 2. 631

ged, the Sum of sixpence Sterling; except Bail Bonds and Alignments thereof, and Indentures for binding poor Parish or Charity Children Apprentices, and such Deeds executed in Scotland, as are charged with the Stamp-duty of two Shillings and threepence, by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of her present Majesty's Reign.

XXII. Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall extend to charge with any the Stamp-duties hereby granted, any the Matters or Things which, by an Act of Parliament made in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled An act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors. further Duties upon stamped Vellum. Parchment and Paper, are exempted from the Duties thereby granted.

xxiii. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That for the better and more effectual levying, collecting and paying unto her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, the Paid Stamp-duties hereby granted, the same shall be under the Government, Care and Management of the Commissioners for the Time being, appointed to manage the Duties payable to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and charged on stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by the former Acts of Parliament in that Behalf made; who, or the major Part of them, are hereby required and empowered to iniploy the necessary Officers under them for that Purpose, and to appoint and provide Stamps to denote the several Stamp-duties hereby charged, and to do all other Things necessary to be by them done, for the putting this Act in Execution with relation to those Duties.

XXIV. And it is hereby further enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That where any more than one cf any the Matters or Things hereby charged with any Stamp-duty, shall be engrossed, written, entered, or registered upon one Piece of Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the said respective Duties hereby granted, shall be, and hereby are charged upon every one of such Matters and Things respectively.

And it is hen by enacted, That all Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, charged by this Act with any of the Stamp-duties hereby granted, which hath been, or shall (before the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen) be stamped or marked, in Pursuance of the former Acts of Parliament, relating to her Majesty's Stamp-duties, or any of them, shall, before any of the Matters or Things (in respect whereof any Duty is hereby made payable) be written or engrossed thereupon, (such Writing or Engrofting being at any Time after the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and within the said Term of two and thirty Years) be brought to the Head office for stamping or marking of Vellum, Parchment and Paper, to be stamped or marked with another Mark or Stamp, over and besides the Marks or Stamps put or to be put thereupon, in Pursuance of the said former Acts of Parliad inent, or any of them; and that all Vellum, Parchment and Paper, which hath not been, or shall not (before the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen) be stamped or marked in Pursuance of the said former Acts, or any of them, shall (before any the Matters or Things, in respect whereof any Stamp-duty is payable hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them, shall be thereupon written or engrossed, such Writing or Engrt sling being after the said second Day of August one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and within the said Term of two and thirty Years) be brought to the said Head office, and there marked or stamped with the proper Marks or Stamps provided, used, or appointed, and to be provided, or appointed, in Pursuance of this Act, and of the said former Acts of Parliament, to denote the respective Duties hereby and thereby respectively charged thereupon; and that if any of the said Matters and Things so to be engrossed or written, as aforesaid, shall, during the Term last mentioned, be engrossed or written, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning hereof, upon Vellum, Parchment, or Pap r, not appearing to have been duly marked or stamped according to this Act, That then, and in every such Case, there shall be due, answered, and paid to her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors (over and above the Stamp-duties payable hereby, and by the said former Acts, or any of them) for every such Matter and Thing respectively, the Sum of five Pounds Sterling; and that no such Matter or Thing shall be available in Law or Equity, or to be given in Evidence, or admitted in any Court, un cfs as well the said Duty hereby charged in respect thereof, as the said Sum of five Pounds, shall be first paid to the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, and a Receipt produced for the same, under the Hand of the receiver-general, for the Time being, of the Stamp-duties, or of his Deputy or Clerk, and until the Vellum, Parchment and Paper, upon which such matter or Thing is so written or engrossed, shall be marked or stamped, according to the Tenor and true Meaning hereof; and the said receiver-general, and his Deputy or Clerk, are hereby enjoined and required, upon Payment or Tender of the said Duties, and of the said Sum of five Pounds, and such other Sums, as by the said former Acts are payable in that Behalf, to give a Receipt for such Moneys, and the other proper Officers are thereupon required to mark or fiamp such Matter or Thing with the proper Marks and Stamps requisite in that Behalf.

XXVI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That every Commissioner and Officer, who filial aft in or about the managing or collecting the Stamp-duties last mentioned, shall, before he shall act in or about the same, take the Oath following; That is to say,

Kot to charge any Matters e: emp ed by9 & 10 W. 3. c. 25.

Commissioners. of the Stamps j to manage ihefe Duties,

Several matters written on one pice of Paper, to be severally charged.

Vellum, C already stamped in Pursuance of former Acts, 'to be brought to the Stamp to be marked with the new Stamp?,

No Writing h fore Paper stamped, good, till 5 1. paid t the Queen, an the Duty be paid.

Commissioner to be i\voin»

A.B. do swear. That I will faithfully execute the Trust reposed in me, pursuant to the Act of Parlia Their Oath, ment made in the twelfth Year of the Reign of her Majesty Queen Anne, whereby certain additional Duties are charged or made payable, in respect of the several Matters or Things engrossed or written, as therein is mentioned, without Fraud or Concealment; and shall, from Time to Time, true Account make of my Doings therein, and deliver the same to such Person or Persons as her Majesty, her Heirs and Sucre ccflbrs shall appoint to receive such Account; and shall take no Fee, Reward, or Profit for the Execution or Performance of the find Trust, or the Business relating thereto, from any Person or Persons, other than such as shall be allowed by her Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or some. Person or Persons by her or them to that Purpose authorized.'

Which

632

Stat. 2.

Anno duodecimo Ann Reginae.

A.D. 171

Allowance of 6 pt r Cent, for 6 Months, when the Duty a wiounts to io 1.

Powers, frc,

9 AIO W. "5. C 25. to be in Force.

Commissioners snd Officers to be appointed, liable to the A9 and j W, 3. C 44.

S&I5W, & M, C 21,

Proclamation Sn Pmfuance of 5 & 6 W. & M. C 21. to be deemed a sufficient Publication of the several Stamps.

Clause to indemnify Masters and Apprentices.

Which Oath shall or may be administred by any two or more of the Commissioners last mentioned, or any Juifire of the Peace.

XXVII. And to prevent such Doubts as may arise touching the Allowance for present Payment of the Stamp-duties charged by this and the Paid other Adds; 'it is hereby further declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall be allowed and paid to eve: y Person who shall at any one Time bring to beltamped, or buy of the said Commissioners, Vellum, Parchment or Paper, the Duties whereof, doubly or trebly charged by this and the said other Acts, shall] in the whole amount to ten Pounds or upwards, after the pate of six Pounds in the one hundred Pounds per Annum, for six Months, upon the present Payment, of the said Duties, at the Head office for marking or Ramping of Vellum, Parchment and Paper.

XXVIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses, Pains of Death, and other Penalties and Forfeitures, Matters and Things, prescribed, appointed or contained in or by"the said Act of Parliament made in the said ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty King William the Third, or in any other Act of Parliament relating to the Duties thereby charged, or any of them, which are now in Force, and not hereby altered or otherwise provided for, shall, in the same Manner and Form as they now Hand in Force, with relation to the said Duties, or any of them, charged by the said Act of the said late King William, be of full Force and Effect with relation to the said Stamp-duties hereby charged, and every of them, during all the said Term of two and thirty Years, and shall be applied, practised and executed, for the securing, raising, levying, collecting, executing, an fwering and paying the said Stamp-duties hereby charged, according to the true Intent and Meaning of this Act, as fully, to all Intents and Purposes, as if the same Powers, Provisions, Articles, Clauses and Things, and every of them, had severally and respectively been particularly enacted in this Act, with relation to the Stamp uties hereby charged, and as if the Stamp-duties hereby charged had been charged by the said Act of the ninth Year of his said late majesty's Reign.

XXIX. And to the End all the said additional, or new Duties upon Sope and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Calicoes and Stuffs, and upon Starch and exported Coals, and upon (lampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper, before granted by this Act, may be certainly and duly raised, and the same (except the necessary Charges of executing this Act) may be justly and duly brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, according to the true Meaning hereof; it is hereby enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from Time to Time, during the Continuance of this Act, there shall be appointed such and so many cominif sioners and Officers, as shall be proper and n cellary for the managing, raising, collecting and paying the same Duties, and for keeping and rendering the Accounts of the same; and that the Commissioners and Officers concerned therein shall perforin their several Duties in relation to the Premises, as to them respectively Until appertain, under such and the like Penalties, Forfeitures and Disabilities, for any Offence or Neglect therein, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys arising by the fanad duties, or any of them, as are prdcribed, and to be inflicted by Virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William the Third, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum not exceeding two Millions., upon a Fund of Payment of Annuities after the Rate of eight Pounds per Centum per Annum, and for settling the Trade to the Ealt indies, for the like Offence or Neglect relating to the Duties thereby granted or referred unto, or for detaining, diverting, or misapplying any Part of the Moneys which were granted or appropriated by the Actlafl mentioned.

XXX. And whereas a Proclamation was issued by their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary, in Pursuance of an Act of Parliament made in the fifth Year of their Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to their Majesties several Duties upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, for four Tears, towards e carrying on the War again France, for publishing the Types, Devices, Marks, or Stamps provided in Pur ' (innee of the same Act, which Act has been since continued by several subsequent Acts of Parliament, and the same Types, Devices, Marks, or Stamps have been used for the (tamping or marking of Vellum, ' Parchment and Paper, in Pursuance of the said subsequent Acts of Parliament, which were provided and used in Pursuance of the said first Act, and published by the said Proclamation 5 but no Proclamation was issued in Pursuance of the said subsequent Acts, or any of them; whereupon some Doubts have arisen .* the said Types, Devices, Marks, or Stamps, ought not to have been again published by' Proclamation after thepaffing the said Acts for continuing the said Duties upon Vellum, Parchment and Paper, ' as the J ypes, Devices, Marks, or Stamps provided for the Duties so continued For removing whereof. Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Types, Devices, Marks, or Stamps, provided in Pursuance of the said first mentioned Act, shall be deemed, taken, and made use of, as the Types, Devices, Marks, or Stamps provided in Pursuance of the said Acts for continuing the said Duties, and every or any of them, until other Types, Devices, Marks, or Stamps, shall be provided and published by Proclamation, in Pursuance of the same Acts, or of one of them; and that the said Publishing of the said Types, Devices, Marks, or Stamps, by the said Proclamation, in Pursuance of the said first mentioned Act for granting the said Duties, shall be deemed and taken to be a sufficient Publishing thereof, as well for and in respect of the Duties granted by that A, as for and in respect of the Duties on Vellum, Parchment and Paper, which have been finee granted or continued by any other Act or Acts of Parliament relating thereto; anything in the said Acts, or any of them, to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding.

XXXI. And whereas several Persons, who have, since the Commencement of the Rates or Duties upon Moneys given, paid, or contracted for with Clerks and Apprentices, taken Clerks and Apprentices, and received and contracted for Sums of Money, with or in respect of the taking of such Clerks and Apprentices, have, through Neglect or Inadvertency, omitted to pay the several Rates and Duties payable in that Behalf, or to cause to be inserted she Sums of Money so given, paid, or contracted for, with or e in respect of the taking of such Clerks and Apprentices, in the Contradis or Indentures relating thereto,

and

A.D. 171

O'

Anno duodecimo Annve Regin:

Stat. 2. 635

'and to have such Contrails or Indentures stamped within the Time for that Purpose respectively limited by the A CL o'" Parliament in that Case made; whereby the said Masters and Mistreftes have incurred one or more Penalty or Penalties, and such Clerks and Apprentices will, according to that Act, be disabled to follow or exercise the intended Trades, Professions, or Employments, urdefs some further Provision be made Be it therefore further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That upon Payment of the said respective Rates and Duties, which have been so omitted or neglected to be paid, as aforesaid, on or before the first Day of March in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, to such Person or Person's to whom the same ought to be paid, according to the same former Act, and tcr.dring to be stamped such Indentures or Contracts so omitted to be stamped, on or before the said drib Day of March in the said Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the same Indentures or Contracts Brail he stamped, and 111 all be good and available in Law and Equity, and the Clerks or Apprentices therein named shall be capable of following and exercising the respective intended Trades, Professions, or Implcyments, as fully as if the Duties, so omitted to be paid, had been duly paid, and the Indentures or Contrails stamped within the respective Times in the same Ail for those respective Purposes limited, anything therein contained to the contrary notwithstanding; so as the true and full Sum or Sums of Money, and all other Things given or contrailed for, to or for the Benefit of the Mailers or miftrdtes, with or in respeil of the taking such Clerks or Apprentices, be truly written or inderfed in Words at length, on such Indentures or Contrails, wherein the same have been omitted to be inserted, according to the same Ail, and the Masters and mistresses truly paying the said omitted Duties, on or before the said first Day of March one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, are hereby indemnified and discharged off and from all Penalties by them incurred by the said recited Acts, for which ro Prosecutinn bath been commenced before the four and twentieth Day of 'j'rne one thousand seven hundred and fourteen.

XXXII. And be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That yearly and every Year, during the Term of two and thirty Years, reckoning the first Year to begin from the nine and twentieth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, the full Sum of one hundred and five thousand Pounds, by or out of the Moneys to arise by the said additional or new Duties upon Sope and Paper, and upon certain Linens, Silks, Callicces, and Stuffs, and upon Starch, and exported Coals and upon stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paper, by this Act granted, and to be brought into the Receipt of the Exchequer, as aforesaid, in case the same (stall extend thereunto, shall be computed and reckoned to be a yearly Fund; and in case all the Moneys arising into the Exchequer, for the said Duties, Rates, and Sums of Money so granted, shall not amount to the Sum of one hundred and five thousand Pounds per Ann. then the Moneys so arising, so far as the same Brail extend, shall be Part of the yearly Fund towards the answering and paying off all and every the Principal Sums herein after mentioned, amounting in the whole to the Sum of one million eight hundred seventy six thousand four hundred Pounds Principal Money, together with Interest for the same after the Rate of four Pounds percent, per Ann. as herein after is mentioned; and in case the Laid Duties, Rates, and Sums of Money by this at granted, shall at any Time or Times appear to be so deficient or low in the Produce of the same, as that within any one Year, to be reckoned, as aforesaid, the said Moneys arising into the Exchequer, for or upon Account of the same Duties, shall not amount to as much as one hundred and five thousand Pounds, that then, and so often, and in every such Case, so much as shall be wanting to make up the said Fund or Sum of one hundred and five thousand Pounds for every or any such Year, shall be supplied and made good, from Time to Time, out of the first Aid or Supply to be granted in Parliament, next after such Deficiencies shall appear, and shall from Time to Time be transferred thereunto, as soon as the same shall be granted; and in case no such Aid or Supply shall be granted, then by and out of any pu blick Money, which shall be in the said Receipt of Exchequer, not appropriated to any particular Use or Uses by Act of Parliament; and the Lord High Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury, for the Time being are hereby stridtly enjoined and required to make up such Deficiency accordingly, out of such unappropriated Publick* Money, without any further or other Wan ant or Authority for the same.

XXXIII. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for any Person or Per To ns, Natives or Foreigners, Bodies Politic or Corporate, to contribute for or towards advancing the Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, by paying, at or before the respective Days and Times by this Act limited in that Behalf, to any Receiver or Receit ers, to be appointed for that Purpose, as is herein alter mentioned, the Sum of ten Pounds, or diverse entire Sums of ten Pounds, upon this al; that for the raising of the sail Sum of one million four hundred thousand Pounds, any Person who will become Contributor or Adventurer, Brail and may advance the Sum of ten Pounds, for which Sum so advanced, he, she, or they shall be intituled to receive by virtue of this Act such Principal Money, and the Interest thereof, to be paid, as herein after is mentioned, by and out of the said yearly bund; and that every Contributor or Adventurer may advance as many entire Sums of ten Pounds as he, she, or they shall think fit, and for every such Sum of ten Pounds so advanced, he, she, or they, is or are to be interested in one Lot or Share of and in the said yearly Fund by Virtue of this Act; and the same entire Sums of ten Pounds each, are hereby appointed to be paid unto such Receiver or Receivers, at or before the respective Days and Times, and in the respective Proportions herein after mentioned; That is to say, one fourth Part thereof on or before the tmth Day of Augitjl in the Year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; one fourth Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of September in the said Year of our lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; one other fourth Part thereof on or before the eleventh Day of October one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, and the remaining fourth Part thereof on or before the tenth Day of November one thousand seven hundred and fourteen.

8 Ann. C 3.

Concerning sten'p Dnnezyjafa> tier

5 Geo J. < ", 19.

6 Geo. L C 21,

I r Geo. 1. C S,

12 Geo. 1. c. 33.9Cco. 2. C 31. 16 Geo. 2. c. 26, 29 Geo. .2. Ml £7 13. 30 Geo.

2, C IC. sjr.d y. Get. 2. C 35.

10;, cod. lobe the yearly Fund for clearing oft" the Principal Sum of

1, 876^4001.

with Interest at 4 1. percent, See 1 Geo. i. Srat. 1. C 2$ left. 2.

Deficiencies to be made good out of the first Aid to be granted in paria mentor

cut of ary Publick iviyney unappropriated.

Any Persons may be Contributor.

This Lottery is icdeeir.ed. St a 6 Geo. 1. c. 4. 10 Geo. 1. c. 5.

2 Geo. 2. c. 3.

Times of Payment.

"i ickcts to be delivered for a Lottery, (sfc. The Moneys appropriated by this Act to be applied to pay off "the Principal and Interest. No undue Preference if subsequent Orders be paid before others who did not "demand their Moneys. Deficiency of one Year to be made good out of the next. Surplus disposable by

Vol. IV

M

"Pailia

634 Stat. 2.

Anno duodecimo Ann; Reginae. A.D. 1713.

f) Ann, C ir. 10 Ann, C 26.

Tanned Leather Manufactured, to draw back id, ob per lb. on Exportation, Concerning Leather, see farther 3 Geo. 1. c. 4.

5 Geo. 1. C z.

12 Geo. 2. c. 25.

5? Ann. C 11.

sheep flans and lamb skins to drawback two Thirds of the Duty,

9 Ann. C 11, See 3 Geo. 1. c. 7. io ann. C 17. Clause for di ftribution of 40001, due to the Ofncers and Seamen for Gun money,

"Parliament. Notice to be hung up in the oikce when Orders become due. 8 L percent, per Ann. al "for the first Payment, and 61. for the Remainder, till 29 Sept. 1714. Receivers may take in Mo "before they receive their Books. Contributor advancing one fourth Part, and failing in the rest, to "forfeit the first fourth Part, C Treasurer to appoint a Paymaster, C Alignments of Orders to be "registered. Her Majesty to reward the Managers out of Moneys arising by the Duties. Benefits of 1000l. 44 may be, divided into Orders not less than; oo/. After Interest and Principal paid off, the Residue disposable by Parliament. Guardians may contribute for Infants, C

EXP.

LXIV. And whereas, by an Act passed the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, certain Duties are laid upon tanned Leather; and by another Act passed the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, further Duties.

are laid thereon, and by the said Acts only two Thirds of the respective Duties are to be drawn back or allowed upon the Exportation of Boots, Shoes, Gloves, or other Manufactures, which by Experience is found to be a Discouragernent to the Manufacturers employed therein For Remedy whereof Be it declared and enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the second Day of Augifil one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, there shall, in Lieu of the said two Thirds of the said Duties, be paid and allowed to the Exporter or Exporters, for all tanned Leather, which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, by him or them exported, on a proper Debenture to be made for that Purpose, and Security given for the same, as by the said acts are prescribed, the Sum of one Penny halfpenny for every Pound weight thereof, and foin Proportion for every greater or leller Quantity; which Drawback of one Penny halfpenny per Pound shall be paid out of the respective Duties granted by the said acts of the ninth and of the tenth Years of her Majesty's Reign; any Law to the contrary notwithstanding.

LXV. And whereas by an act of Parliament passed in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for laying certain Duties upon Hides and Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, and upon Vellum and Parchment, for the Term of thirty-two Tears, for Prosecuting the War, and other her Majesty's most necessary occasions, It is enacted, That upon the Shipping of any Hides or Calve skins for Exportation into Foreign Parts, and giving Security to the Customer or Collector of the Customs of the Port from whence such Exportation shall be made, That such Hides and Calve skins shall not be relanded or brought on Shore, in any Port or Part of Great Britain, the Customer or Collector shall give the Exporter a Certificate or Debenture in Writing, of the Kinds and Quantities of such Hides and calve.skins; and that upon producing such Certificate, the Collector at the Port where such Hides or Calve skins shall be exported, shall repay to the Person producing such Certificate, two Thirds of the Duties which were before charged for such Hides or Calve skins so exported, as aforesaid: whereas some Doubts have arisen upon the Construdliorr of the said Act, whether the same shall extend to allow a Drawback of the said Duties, for any other Sort of Skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, than Hides and Calve skins; Therefore to explain the said Act, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all Sheepskins and Lamb skins, tanned, tawed or dressed, which are chargeable with any Duties by the said Act passed in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, shall, upon Exportation thereof, have a Drawback or Allowance of two Thirds of the Duties, payable by Virtue of the said Act, subject to such Rules, as by the said Act are prescribed on the Exportation of any Hides or Calve skins; anything in the said Act contained to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

LXVI. And whereas by an Act of Parliament made in the tenth Year of her present Majesty's Reign,

intituled, An Act for the better collecting and recovering the Duties granted for the Support of the Royal Hof 1 pital at Greenwich, and for the further Benefit thereof, and for the preserving her Majestfs Harbour Moor ins, it was (amongst other Things) enacted, That the Sum of four thousand Pounds out of the Shares of the several Captors of Prizes, by Virtue of her Majesty's Declaration of the first of June one thousand seven hundred and two, which should remain uncalled for within the Times by the said Act limited for the Payment of the same, should be applied for or towards the Payment of certain Rewards for taking or destroying Ships of War or Privateers of the Enemy, during the late War, to and amongst the Flag Of 4 ficers. Captains, and other Officers and Companies of her Majesty's Ships of War, their Executors or Administrators, intituled thereunto by Virtue of the said Declaration, in such Proportion as by the said Declaration is directed, if the same should be decreed to them by the High Court of Admiralty, and Lifts'

of the Ships intituled to such Rewards by such Decree, should be transmitted to the Receiver or Receivers of Prizes, and the same should be claimed, and afterwards demanded to be paid within the respective Times for the said several Purposes limited by the said Act; ani that if the several Sums so to be de creed and demanded for such Rewards should amount in the whole to more than four thousand Pounds,

then the said four thousand Pounds should be divided among the several Claimers, by way of Average, in Proportion to their respective Interests, to be adjusted by the Receiver or Receivers of Prizes, or Person or Persons appointed for the same: And whereas Lists of the Persons on Board same of the Ships, intituled, to such Rewards, at the lime of the taking or destroying such Ships of var or Privateers of the Enemy,

during the late War, for which the same became due, have never been transmitted unto the Receiver or Pveceivers of Prizes, the same not having been sufficiently provided for in the said Act, by Reason whereof the Receiver or Receivers of Prizes have been unable to adjust the Proportions belonging to several Claim ers of such Rewards, and to make Distribution of the said four thousand Pounds according to the said Act; for Remedy, hfed

Clause for adjusting Claims in several Lottery ickets s' veiled in her Majesty for the Life of the pubh k, 17 V 1

EXP

Debentures unclaimed on 24 December 1714.

635

LXIX. And be it enacted byr the Authority aforesaid, That all the Money lent, and to be lent to her Appropriated of Majesty upon one Add: of this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting an Aid to her Majesty, to be raijedby a Land Tax in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, t

and so much Money (if any such be) of the Tax thereby granted, as shall ante and remain after all the An Stat Loans made or to be made upon that Add, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and thelnterest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Tax, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the same; and all the Moneys lent or to be lent unto her Majesty, upon the Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry, charged and Continued by another Add of this sz Ann, Stat. a. Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and so much C 3*

Money of the said Duties of Malt, Mum, Cyder and Perry thereby granted or continued, as shall arise and remain after all the Loans made or to be made upon that Add, or thereby transferred or directed to be transferred thereunto, and the Interest thereof, and the Charges thereby allowable for raising the said Duties thereby granted, shall be satisfied, or Money sufficient shall be reserved to discharge the lame; and all the Surplus or unappropriated Moneys, which shall arise and be paid into the Exchequer, for the Use of the Public, from and after the twelfth Day of June one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, until all the Provisions of Money intended by this Add for the Uses and Purposes hereinafter mentioned shall be satisfied, and all the Moneys which, over and above the Allowances for prompt Payment, and other Allowances di redded by this Act, shall arise, of or for the said Contributions, not exceeding the Sum of one Million four hundred thousand Pounds in this Act mentioned, shall be appropriated for or towards the several Fifes, liir tents and Purposes herein expressed, subject nevertheless to such Restrictions as are hereinafter prescribed; Ordinary of that is to say, it is hereby enacted and declared, That out of all or any the Aids or Supplies by this Act the Navy, provided, as aforesaid, there shall and may be iitued and applied the Sum of seven hundred fortyfive thousand seven hundred Sounds and threepence, for defraying the Charges of the Ordinary of her Majesty's Navy, including half-pay to Sea officers, and for Vidduals, Wages, 'wear and 'Lear of the Navy, and Vidduallino; thereof, performed and to be performed, and for Sea service in the Office of Ordnance, performed and to be performed; and any further Sum not exceeding three hundred thousand Pounds, towards satisfying the Debt due for Seamens Wages, and to the Yards, and for the Debt due to the Marines; seamens wa es, and any further Sum not exceeding three thousand Pounds, to be equally distributed among the Chap Sea chaplains, lains that served in the Fleet during the late War, and are not otherwise provided for; and any Sum vide 3 Geo. 1. not exceeding three hundred eighiy six thousand four hundred twenty seven Pounds seventeen Shillings and C 3. ten Pence, for maintaining Guards and Garrisons in Great Britain, jersey and Guernsey, together with two Guards and gar independent Companies in North Britain for one Year, from the twenty-fourth Day of Decesnber one thou r'lf»ns.in Great land seven hundred and thirteen, to the twenty-fifth Day of decc?nber one thousand seven hundred and four; Erltaln> c teen; and any Sum not exceeding fifty-four thousand six hundred fortyfive Pounds one Shilling and threepence, for maintaining her Majesty's Forces and Garrison at Minorca for the same Year and any Sum not Forces at mi exceeding thirty four thousand eight hundred fifty six Pounds fourteen Shillings and nine Pence halfpenny, n0lca* for maintaining her Majesty's Forces and Garrison at Gibralter for the same Year and any Sum not ex Gibraltar, ceeding twenty thousand one hundred and seventy Pounds one Shilling and sixpence, for maintaining four Companies at New York, four Companies at Annapolis Royal, four Companies for Placentia, one Company New York, cat Bermudas, and the Garrisons of Annapolis Royal and Placentia for the same Year and any Sum not exceeding one hundred and seven thousand eight hundred thirty-one Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, for maintaining her Majesty's Forces in Flanders and at Dunkirk, until Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred Forces in flan and fourteen; and any Sum not exceeding nineteen thousand three hundred and eight Pounds and ten ders' &c' Shillings for maintaining the Regiment commanded by Colonel Handafyde at Jamaica, and the Regiment Jamaica and commanded by Colonel Alexander in the Leeward Islands, until Chrifmas one thousand seven hundred and Leeward Islands. fourteen; and any Sum not exceeding fifty seven thousand eight hundred seventy seven Pounds eleven Shil Arrears of half lings and sixpence halfpenny, to satisfy the Arrears due to the Officers of the Land Forces and Marines, Pa' officers for half-pay at Christmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and any Sum not exceeding five thou Kalf pay to sand eight hundred sixty two Pounds sixteen Shillings and twopence, for Charge of half-pay to such Of Offices allowed ficers who are allowed it by special Warrant of her Majesty for one Year, from Chrifmas one thousand fe by the queen's ven hundred and thirteen to Chrifmas one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any Sum not exceeding warrant one hundred twenty-three thousand two hundred ninety three Pounds nineteen Shillings and twopence, for the Charge of half-pay to the Officers of the Land Forces and Marines, being her Majesty's natural ?ala payto born Subjects, or naturalised, for the same Year and a Sum not exceeding forty-two thousand seven hun Ma "* dred eighty-five Pounds fourteen Shillings and fourpence, for Support of the Royal Hospital at Chelsea, and cj)el( ea Pay of the Out pensioners, and for the extraordinary Allowance of Forage for the Dragoons in North Bri tai.*F tain for the same Year and any Sum not exceeding in the whole three hundred thousand Pounds, towards satisfying the Debt due on Account to the Land Forces, and to the said Out pensioners; out of which the Sum of sixty thousand ninety five Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, is to be applied to discharge Bills of Exchange drawn by William Chepurynd, Esq; her Majesty's late Envoy at Genoa, for Corn sent to Bar &'» Cent to celona, and any Sum not exceeding fifty-five thousand two hundred eighty one Pounds and sixteen shil barcelona lings, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land services performed and to be performed; and any Office of Orff sum not exceeding two thousand one hundred eighty eight Pounds nine Shillings and twopence, for the nance military Officers and Chaplain that served in the Train of Artillery in Flanders and Spain, and on several Artillery ofli expeditions, which, with the Allowance they have on the Establishment in the Office of Ordnance, is to c'rs 'nilinjers complete their half-pay for the Year from Chrifmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen to Christmasan paln' one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and any Sum not exceeding sixty seven thousand three hundred fifty-eight Pounds fifteen Shillings and seven Pence, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund for the _,

Classis Lottery of one thousand seven hundred and eleven, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand aanf Lottery

4m2 fqven' i7u.

Deficiency for the Chfiig Lottery, 1712.

Deficiency of the Yearly Fund to the east ln dia Company.

9 & 10 V 3. C 44.

Deficiency of the two third Subsidy.

3 & 4 Ann. C 5. Sufferers at Nevis, C Proviso for the South Sea Company; q Ann. C 2r. Concerning South Sea Company, see farther I Geo.

J. C 21.

3 Geo. 1. 9.

5 Geo. ' I. C 19.

6 Geo. 1. c. 4 G?

II. 7 Geo. 1. r, 5, 7 Geo. 1.

/; W. 2, 8 Geo.

1'. r. 21 22.

r. 34. 30 Geo. 2

and for the Commissioners of Accounts,

Stat. 2. Anno duodecimo anne Reginre. A.D. 1713.

seven hundred and thirteen; and any Sum not exceeding sixty seven thousand five hundred forty six Pounds four Shillings and threepence halfpenny, for supplying the Deficiency of the Fund for the Classis Lottery of one thousand seven hundred and twelve, for the Year ended at Michaelmas one thousand seven hundred and thirteen; and any Sura not exceeding forty-two thousand five hundred seventy six Pounds six Shillings and fourpence, to make good the Deficiency of the yearly Fund, granted by an act of the ninth Year of his late Majesty King William the Third, for the Benefit of the Company and others trading to the East Indies; and any Sum not exceeding eighty eight thousand seven hundred forty-one Pounds thirteen Shillings and ten Pence, to make good the Deficiency of Principal and Interest upon the Act made in the third Year of her Majesty's Reign, for granting a further Subsidy on Wines and Merchandizes imported, called the two third Subsidy; and any Sum not exceeding eighteen thousand five hundred and forty Pounds twelve shillings and nine Pence three Farthings, to make good the Interest on Debentures to the Sufferers at Nevis and St. Christophers for three Years, to the twenty-fifth Day of December one thousand seven hundred and fourteen; and to and for none other Use, Intent or Purpose whatsoever.

LXX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted and declared, That no Appropriation, or other Matter or Thing in this Act contained, shall obstruct or hinder any Payment or Payments, which, by and in pursuance of an Act made in the ninth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for making good Deficiencies., and satisfying the Public Debts; and for erecting a Corporation to carry on a Trade to the South Seas, and for Incouragdment of the Fishery; and for Liberty to trade in itnwronght Iron with the Subjects of Spain, and to repeal the Acts for regifiring Seamen, and of her Majesty's Charter grounded thereupon, are or shall be required and authorised to be made by the Treasurer or Paymaster of the Navy for the Time being, or by any other Persons to be entrusted with the Public Moneys for the Service of the Navy, out of such Public Moneys, Tallies, Orders or Parliamentary Securities in their Hands or Power respectively, as are or shall thereby be charged or chargeable to make good any Deficiency or Deficiencies to the Corporation erected in Pursuance of the act last mentioned, called by the Name of the Governor and Company of Merchants of Great Britain trading to the South Seas, and other Parts of America, and for incouraging the Fishery, or to their Treasurer for their Use; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

9 Geo. I. C 6. 1 Geo. 2. c. 8. 3 Geo. 2. c. 16 & 20. 4 Geo. 2. c. 5. 5 Geo. C 17, 6 Geo. 2. c. 25 f 28. 7 Geo. 2. c. 17.9 Geo. 2.

C 17. 20 Geo. 2. c. 3, 24 Geo. 2. c. 2 & 11. 26 Geo. 2. c. 16.

LXXI. Provided also, That such Sums as, by any other Act of this Session of Parliament, shall be

payable to any Commissioners of Accounts for their Salaries, or for their Clerks, or any other incident

Charges, shall and may be paid out of the Aids or Supplies aforesaid, or any of them; anything herein contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

CAP. X

An Act for raising the Militia for the Year one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, although the month's Pay formerly advanced be not repaid; and for rectifying a Mistake in an Act passed in this present session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the better Regulating the Forces to be continued in her Majestfs Service, and for Payment of the said Forces and their Quarters.

EXP.

CAP. XI.

An Act to prevent the Lifting her Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers without her Majesty's

Licence.

C

WHEREAS several ill affected Persons, Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, have lately, in

open Defiance of the Laws, presumed traitorously to lift diverse of her Majesty's Subjects within the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, to serve the Person pretended to be Prince of tvales, du

the Life of the late King James the Second, and since his Decease pretended to be, and taking upon himself the Style and Title of King of England, by the Name of James the Third, as Soldiers to the great Disturbance of the Peace of these her Majesty's Kingdoms: And whereas the like traitorous Prac tice may be more covertly carried on, under Pretence of lifting her Majesty's Subjects to serve as Soldiers under some Foreign Prince, State or Potentate: For Remedy thereof, 'Be it, lac.

"subjects of Great Britain who shall, after i August 1714. within the Kingdom, or in Ireland, and after - "t October out of the Kingdom, lift themselves to serve any Foreign Prince, iffc. or procure any subject "so to do, without her Majesty's Licence, shall be guilty of High Treason. Offences out of the Realm, "where to be tried. No Licence shall exempt from the Penalty, Persons lifting any subject to serve "French King. Continuance of the act for three Years.

EXP.

CAP. XII.

An act for the better Maintenance of Curates within the Church of England, and for preventing any Ecclesiastical Persons from buying the next Avoidance of any Church preferment.

WHEREAS the Absence of beneficed Ministers ought to be supplied by Curates that are furficient ' V r and licensed Preachers, and no Curates or Ministers ought to serve in any Place without the Examination

637

and Admission of the Bishop of the Diocese, or Ordinary of the Place, having Episcopal Jurisdiction: nevertheless, for Want of sufficient Maintenance and Encouragement for such Curates, the Cures within that Part of Great Britain called England, have been in several Places meanly supplied For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and After zosept. Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by 17h- Bnfcop, the Authority of the same, That if any lleftor or Vicar having Cure of Souls shall, from and after the nine ^st/end'to"'6 and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen nominate cmates, not and present any Curate to the Bishop or Ordinary, to belicensed or admitted to serve the Cure of such Rector exceeding oi. or Vicar in his Absence, the said Bishop or Ordinary, having Regard to the Greatness of the Cure, and the per Ann. nor Value of the Ecclesiastical Benefices of such Rector or Vicar shall, on or before the granting such Licence, °1

appoint by Writing under his Hand and Seal a sufficient certain Stipend or Allowance, not exceedig fifty "

Pounds per Ann. nor less than twenty Pounds per Ann. to be paid or answered at such Times as he shall may fc<|eiier think fit, by such Rector or Vicar, to such Curate, for his Support and Maintenance; and if it shall appear die Benefice, to the Bishop or Ordinary, upon Complaint or otherwise, that any Curate of such Rector or Vicar, licensed or admitted before the said nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, hath not a sufficient Maintenance, it shall be lawful to and for the said Bishop or Ordinary to appoint him a certain Stipend or Allowance in like Manner as before mentioned; and in case any diffe.ence shall arise between any Rector or Vicar and his Curate, touching such Stipend or Allowance, or the Payment thereof, the Bishop or Ordinary, on Complaint to him made, shall summarily hear and determine the same; and in case of Neglect or Refusal to pay such Stipend or Allowance, may sequester the Profits of such Benefice, for or until Payment thereof.

1 II. And whereas same of the Clergy have procured Preferments for themselves by buying Ecclesiastical J^ 'fvanv"

Livings, and others have been thereby discouraged Be it further enacted by the Authority i foresaid, s, j?n 0nwoney> That if any Person, from and after the twenty-ninth Day of September one thousand seven hundred and s. C ibeuext fourteen, shall or do, for any Sum of Money, Reward, Gift, Profit or Advantage, directly or indirectly, Avoidance, cor for or by Reason of any Promise, Agreement, Grant, Bond, Covenant or other Assurance, of or for any 3lefj 6' n. Sum of Money, Reward, Gift, Profit or Benefit whatsoever, directly or indirectly, in his own Name, or 1 hd&m.ja 1 in the Name of any other Person or Persons, take, procure, or accept the next Avoidance of, or presentation to any Benefice with Cure of Souls, Dignity, Prebend or Living Ecclesiastical, and shall be presented or collated thereupon, that then every such Presentation or Collation, and every Admission, Institution,

Investiture and Induction upon the same, shall be utterly void, frustrate, and of no Eft'eft in Law, and such Agreement shall be deemed and taken to be a Simoniacal Contract; and that it shall and may be lawful to and for the queen's Majesty, her Heirs and Successors to present or collate unto, or give or bellow every such Benefice, Dignity, Prebend and Living Ecclesiastical, for that one Time or Turn only; and the Person so corruptly taking, procuring, or accepting any such Benefice, Dignity, Prebend or Living, shall thereupon, and from thenceforth, be adjudged a disabled Person in Law to have and enjoy the same Benefice, Dignity, Prebend or Living Ecclesiastical, and shall also be subject to any Punishment, Pain or Penalty! limited, prescribed or inflidied by the Laws Ecclesiastical, in like Manner as if such corrupt Agreement had been made after such Benefice, Dignity, Prebend, or Living Ecclesiastical had become vacant; any Law or Statute to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

CAP. XIII.

An Act to discharge and acquit the Commissioners of Equivalent for the Sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings ten Pence Halfpenny by them duly issued out of the Sum of three hundred ninety eight thousand eighty-five Pounds ten Shillings, which they received.

WPIEREAS by the Treaty of Union, and fifteenth Article thereof, it is agreed. That Scotland shall 5 ain have an Equivalent for what the Subjects thereof shall be charged towards Payment of the Debts of England contracted before the Union, in all Particulars whatsoever, and particularly that the Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds and ten Shillings should be granted to her Majesty as an Equivalent to Scotland for such Part of the Customs and Excise there, as should be applicable to the Payment of the said Debts of England, according to the Proportions therein set down; and it is agreed. That her Majesty be impowered to appoint Commissioners, who should be accountable to the Parliament of Great Britain, for disposing the said Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thousand eighty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, and all other Moneys which shall arise to Scotland upon the Agreements in the Treaty of Union, to the Purposes mentioned in the said fifteenth Article, in an Act of the last Parliament

of Scotland, intituled, An Act concerning the Payment of the Sums out of the Equivalent to the African cw« pany; in another Act of the said last Parliament, intituled, An Act concerning the Public Debts; and in an Act of the first Parliament of Great Britain, intituled, An Act for further directing the Payment of the Equi valent Money: And whereas her Majesty, by Commission dated the fifth of June one thousand seven hundred and seven, did nominate and appoint Sir Andrew Plume, William Dahimple, Esq; Sir Robert Sinclair of Stevenson, Sir Thomas Burnett of Leyes, Sir John Arejkine of Alva, Sir John Sivinton of the same, Sir ' James Campbell of Abermhill, Sir James Smollet of Bonhlll, Sir Patrick john/!on. Sir Francis Grant, Ba ' ronets; George Ealllle of jcrvije Wood, John Haldond Glcncagles, John Bruce of Kinross, William Scion the Younger of Pittraedin, John Clarke the Younger of Pennyeook; Alexander Abercrombie of g1 flock, Mur ' go Grame of Gorthy, John Graham of Dugaljloivne, John Pringle of Homing, Douglas the Younger

of Kellhead, Daniel Campbell of Buttes, Esq; Sir John Cope, Knight, Jacob Raymrdson, John Brydges, and

6 Ann. C

Anno duodecimo anne r.egins.

A.D. 1713.

James Houbbm, Esqrs. Commissioners for disposing the aforesaid Sum of three hundred ninety-eight thou land eighty-five Pounds and ten Shillings, and all other Moneys which final] arise to Scotland upon the Agreements in the Treaty of Union: And by another Commission dated the six and twentieth of July one thousand seven hundred and nine, did nominate and appoint the aforesaid Sir Andrew Hume, William Dal ' rhnpte, Esq; Sir Robert Sinclair of ste vcnson, Sir Thomas Burnett of Leva, Sir John At cjyinc of Alva, Sir ' John Swinton of the faine, Sir James Campbell of Abernchlll, Sir ja?nes Smollet of Bonhlll, Sir Patrick john

Baronets; John Bruce of Kinross, iftlliam Seton the Younger of Pittmcdin, Alexander Abercrombie of Glcffock, John Pringle of Hayning, Esq; Sir John Cope, Knt. and John Brydges, Esq; to be commissioners for tile same Ends and Purposes; which Commissioners, or the Major Part of them, pursuant to their said Commissions, have well and duly iil ued and paid the Sum of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny, as directed by the Laws above recited, in Manner herein after set down, viz. towards the Loss which private Persons sustained by the

reducing the English Money then in Scotland to the current Rate in England, the Sum of three thousand and seventeen Pounds eighteen Shillings and nine Pence; for recoining the Scots and Foreign Money, and £ reducing it to the Standard of the Coin of England, the Sum of forty-nine thousand eight hundred eighty £ eight Pounds fourteen Shillings and eleven Pence one sixth of a Penny; towards Payment of the Stock, £ Interest and Debts of the hidian and African Company, the Sum of two hundred twenty-nine thousand £ hundred and eleven Pounds four Shillings and eight Pence; towards the Charges of the Commissioners, Secretaries, and Accountants of the two Treaties of the Union, the Sum of thirty thousand four £ hundred ninety-eight Pounds twelve Shillings and twopence; towards Payment of the first Class of the £ Civil List, the Sum of twenty seven thousand five hundred fifty-three Pounds seventeen Shillings and £ nine Pence one third of a Penny; towards Payment of the second Class of the Civil List, the Sum of four £ thousand six hundred fifty-five Pounds and six Shillings; towards Payment of the first Class of the Miii £ tary List, the Sum of fourteen thousand one hundred eighty eight Pounds and eight Pence; towards Payment of the second Class of the Military List, the Sum of fourteen thousand four hundred fifty-eight £ Pounds two Shillings and eight Pence five sixths of a Penny; for the Fees and Salaries of the Servants of £ the Commission, till the fourteenth of March, and thirtieth of April last past, the Sum of five thousand £ hundred and thirteen Pounds eleven Shillings and fourpence; for the necessary Charges of the commission, and for defending of Lawsuits where the Titles of Parties were not clear, tilde Charges pre e ceding the six and twentieth Day of March last, amounted to the Sum of two thousand two hundred £ twenty-four Pounds six Shillings and ten Pence one sixth of a Penny: All which Sums together amount^to the above Total of three hundred eighty one thousand five hundred and nine Pounds fifteen Shillings and ten Pence halfpenny Be it therefore, &c.

"Commissioners of the Equivalent discharged of the Sums paid by them upon the several Heads mentioned

in this Act. But not freed from applying the Sum of 16575/, 1 41. id. ob. now remaining in their*"Elands, to the Uies by the Acts directed.

EXP.

£ TILL And whereas it appears, that the other Public Debts of Scotland yet unsatisfied, which are ad justed and certified, pursuant to the Directions of the several Acts above recited, do amount to the S; m £ of two hundred and thirty thousand three hundred and eight Pounds nine Shillings and ten Pence and, §uf&iixrs geoj five sixths of a Penny, including the Interest of such Parts thereof as bear Interest from the twenty

1. flat. 2. C 27.£ fourth Day of June one thousand seven h undred and eight, to the twenty-fourth Day of June one thou ond 3 Gcs. 1, .1 fan(j seven hundred and fourteen; ' Be it therefore enacted, &c.

Redeemed by CC 1 he Commissioners to call for all Certificates, &c. and cancel all Debentures by which the unsatisfied

5 Geo. c.so.Debt is constituted, and to issue new Debentures, to bear Interest at 5 I. percent, after 2*4 June 1714.

*££ and paid out of the first Money due to Scotland. EXP."

CAP. XIV.

An Act for rendering more effectual an Act made in the third Year of the Reign of King

James the First, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers which mry grow by Popish Recusants, and also of one other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties Fling William and Queen Mary, intituled An nb to vejt in the two universuies the Prefen' aliens of Benefices belonging to Papists; and for vesting in the fords of Judiciary Power to inflict the lame Ptinishments again! Jesuits, Priests and other trafficking Papills, which the Privy Council of s cotlasd was empowered to do by an Act passed in the Parliament of Scotland, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth cf Popery.

3 Jac. 1. C 5. 4

FOR as much as by an Act of Parliament made in the third Year of the p, eign of King James the

First, intituled, An Act to prevent and avoid Dangers lubich may grciv by Popish Recusants and also one j w. & m. Ses. ' other Act made in the first Year of the Reign of their late Majesties King William and Queen Mary,

1. c. 0.6.*entitled, An Act to vejl in the two Universities the Presentations of Benefices belonging to Papists, the Prefen

£ tation, Nomination, Collation and Donation of and to Benefices, Prebends or Ecclesiastical Livings, £ Schools, Hospitals and Donatives belonging to Popish Recusants, and other Persons thereby disabled to present, collate or nominate, are given ro the two Universities; but they are so given only where such Persons are and Hand convicted by such Ways and Means as in the said recited Acts are mentioned and

provided;

A.D.

i7*3-

Anno duodecimo Anna; Regina?,

Stat. 2. 63 9

provided; which Acts do nevertheless prove ineffectual for such Purposes, by Reason such Patrons are not convicted, or not in such imanner as the said Acts do diredf and appointtherefore for making the said Laws more effectual, and for the speedier and easier veiling the Presentations to such Benefices in the two Universities, according to the Intention of the said Laws, Be it enacted by the queen's moult Excellent after 10 July Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That every Papist or Person making parent'to'anyv Profession of the Popish Religion, and every Child not being a Protestant, under the Age of one and Benefice, C twenty Years, of every such Papist or Person professing the Popish Religion, and every Mortgagee, Truf^Jae. 1. C 6. tee or Person any ways intruded, directly or indirectly, mediately or immediately, by or for any such Pa 25car, 2, cs pict or Person making Profession of the Popish Religion, or such Child, as aforesaid, whether such Trust be declared by Writing or not, shall, from and after the tenth Day of July which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, be disabled, and is hereby made incapable to present, collate or nominate to any Benefice, Prebend, or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital or Donative, or to grant any Avoidance of any Benefice, Prebend or Ecclesiastical Living; and that every such Presentation, unfverfitfits^ Collation, Nomination and Grant, and every Admission, Institution and Induction to be made thereupon, ftalvhvv^the hell be utterly void and of no Effect, to all Intents, Constructions and Purposes whatsoever; that in Presentation. such Case the Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and the Chancellor and Scholars 1st. in the re of the University of Cambridge, by what Name or Names soever they or either of them are incorporated, speflive coun shall respectively have the Presentation, Nomination, Collation and Donation, of and to every such Be mca'

nefice, Prebend or Ecclesiastical Living, School, Hospital and Donative, set, lying and being in the re.., spective Counties, Cities and other Places and Limits in the said Act of the third Year of King James mentioned, as in and by the said Act is directed and appointed in the Case of a Popish Recusant Convict.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That from and after the said tenth Day of July, When any Pra» when and as often as any Presentation to any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living shall be brought to any Arch Rotation is bishop, Bishop or other Ordinary from any Person who shall be reputed to be, or whom such Archbishop, brouql to an' Biflhop or other Ordinary shall have cause to suspect to be a Papist, or Trustee of any Person making Pro hemay tender to session of the Popish Religion, or suspected to be such, it shall and may be lawful to and for such Arch the Person, if bishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, and he is hereby required to tender or administer to every such Person, pvefent, the De if present, the Declaration against Transubstantion, set down and expressed in an Act of Parliament made claration in

in the five and twentieth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act forjcar>cl 2" preventing Dangers which may happen from Popifls Recifants, to be by such Person made, repeated and subscribed; in case such Person shall be absent, the said Archbishop, Bishop or other Ordinary shall, by if absent, sum notice in Writing to be left at the Place of Habitation of such Person, appoint some convenient Time and non him to ap; Place when and where such Person shall appear before such Archbishop, Bishop or other Ordinary, or some pear

Persons to be authorised by such Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, by Commission under his or their

Seal of Office; and upon such Appearance, the said Archbishop, Bishop or other Ordinary, or such Commissioners, shall tender or administer the said Declaration to the Person making such Presentation; in Refusing to -- case such Person shall neglect or refuse to make, repeat and subscribe such Declaration, when the same shall make the Debe so tendred, as aforesaid, or shall neglect or refuse to appear before such Archbishop, Bishop or other claration>i or 1, 5' Ordinary, or such Commissioners, upon such Notice as aforesaid, That then such Presentation shall be ut appear> terly void and of none Effect; and in every such Case, such Arcjibishop, Bishop or other Ordinary shall, void^ten Days next after such Neglect or Refusal, send and give a Certificate under his or their Seal of

Office of such Neglect or Refusal to the vice-chancellor for the Time being, of that University to whom such biftop'&c/shall 1 Presentation would of Right belong, if such Person so presenting had been a Popish Recusant Convict; and it certify such re shall and may be lawful, to and for the Chancellor and Scholars of such University, to present a Person qua fufal to thet oi lined according to the said Acts to such Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living; and the Presentation to such Be verfity, »ho!fcall < nefice or Ecclesiastical Liviag, for that Turn only, is hereby given unto, and vested in them for that Pur!, !, L pole; any Matter, Clause or Thing contained in either of the said former recited Adds to the contrary thereof notwithstanding.

III. And for the better Discovery of all secret Trusts, and fraudulent Conveyances made by Papists or Bishops, to Persons making Profession of the Popish Religion, of their Advowsons and Right of Presentation, Nomi examine Person: nation and Donation, to any Benefices or Ecclesiastical Livings; Be it further enacted by the Authority Prei "Ued on aforesaid, That when the Presentation of any Person presented to any Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living, shall °ath*

be brought to any Archbishop, Bishop or other Ordinary, the said Archbishop, Bishop or Ordinary is hereby required, before he give Institution, to examine the Person presented upon Oath, whether to the hest and utmost of his Knowledge and Belief, the Person or Persons who have made such Presentation, be the true and real Patron or Patrons of the said Benefice or Ecclesiastical Living, or made the said Presentation. his or her, or their own Right, or whether such Person or Persons so p^efenting he not, mediately or immediately, directly or indirectly, Trustee or Trustees, or any way intruded for some other, and what

Person or Persons by name, who is or are Papists, or make Profession of the Popish Religion, or the Children of such, or for any other and what Person or Persons, or what he knows, has heard or believes, touch Refusing to be- -- concerning the same; and if such Person or Persons so presented shall refuse to be so examined, or shall not answer directly thereto, then 2nd in every such Case such Presentation shall be void

IV. And be: t further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and

Presentation shall be void.

And be: t further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Chan Uni ifi r cellor and Scholars of the respective Universities, to whom the Presentations to such Benefices and Ecclesl exhibit 3iils in astical Livings should belong, in case the rightful Patrons had been Popish Recusants convict, and their Chancery for Presentees or Clerks, for the better Discovery of such secret and fraudulent Trusts, had, done, made and die Discovery, by or for such Papists or Persons professing the Popish Religion, and their Children, as aforesaid, fraudulent, to exhibit their Bill in any Court of Equity against such Person or Persons presenting, and such Person or iruls' Persons as they have Reason to believe to be the cejhti qiie Truf of the Advowson of such Benefice or

Anno duodecimo Ann je Regina;

A.D. 1713.

When any Quare Imped it is depending, tile Court may administer an

Ecclesiastical Living, or any other Person who they have Cause to suspect may be able to make any other or further Discovery cf such secret Trulls and Practises; to which Bill the Defendants therein named, being duly served with the Process of the Court in which the said Bill shall be exhibited, shall forthwith directly answer to the Faffs charged and inquired in the said Bill, at the Discretion of the Court where such Bill hall be exhibited; and in case the Defendants, or any of them, shall refuse or neglect to anaver the said Bill in such reasonable Time as shall be for that Purpose allowed anil appointed, by Discretion of the said Court where the said Cause shall be depending, (the Distance of Place and the Circumstances of the Defendant or Defendants considered) That then and in such Case the said Bill shall be taken pro. ccrfejjo, and be allowed as Evidence against: such Person so neglecting and refuting, and his Trustee or Trustees, and his and their Clerk: Provided that every Person having fully answered such Bill in such Court of Equity, and not knowing anything of any such Trust for a Papist or other Person disabled, as aforesaid, shall be intituled to his Costs, to be taxed according to the Course of the Court.

V. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for the Court where any Shtare Impedit shall be hereafter depending, at the Instance of either of the said Chancellors and Scholars, or th. it; Clerk, being Plaintiffs or Defendants in such Suit, by Motion in open Court, at their Discretion, to make any Rule or Order requiring Satisfaction, upon the Oath of such Patron and his Oath to discover Clerk, who in the said Suit shall contest the Right of the said University to present to such Benefice or ec any secret Trust. clefiastical Living, by Examination of them or either of them, in open Court, or by Commission under the Seal of such Court for Examination of them or either of them, or by Affidavit, as the said Court shall find moll proper, in Order to the Discovery of any secret Truss, Frauds or Practises relating to the said Pre And be it appear fentation then in Question; in Case it appear to the Court, upon the Examination of inch Patron and

that the Patron

is a r

shall discover for

whom, or be Jive or inhabit; and upon their Refusal to make such Discovery, punifiiedas they hall be punished as Persons that are guilty of a Contempt to the f?dd Court; and in case such Patron guilty of accn or fs Clerk shall discover the Person for whom the said Patron is a Trustee, that then and in such Case the court"m order Wd Court, upon Motion made in open Court, shall make a Rule or Order, That the Person or Persons, theverson for for whom the said Patron is a Trustee, shall, in the said Court, or before Commissioners to be appointed whom such Pa for that Purpose, under the Seal of the said Court, make, repeat and subscribe the Declaration against tron is a Trunee Transubstantiation herein before mentioned, and likewise, on Pain of incurring a Contempt against the to NN (N j said Court, give such further Satisfaction upon Oath, touching or relating to the said Trust, as the said ration who Court shall think fit; and such Person so required to make, repeat and subscribe tyre said Declaration, refufin sfthait be and refuting or neglecting so to do, shall be esteemed as a Pqpilh Recusant convict, in respect of such pre esteemed a Re ientatioil.

cufant cenvidt,

VI. And be it further enacted, That the Answer of such Patron and Patrons, and the Person for whom The Answer of he or they are any ways intruded, and his and their Clerk, or any of them, and his and their or any of such Patron, t)k; jr Examinations and Affidavits taken, as aforesaid, by Order of any Court where such Shiare Impedit Evidence 6 S be depending, or by any Archbishop, Bishop, or other Ordinary, or the Commissioners, as aforesaid, (which Examinations ball therefore be reduced into Writing, and signed by the Party examined) shall be allowed as Evidence against such Patron so presenting, and his Clerk.

Persons making

VII. Provided always, That no such Bill, nor any Discovery to be made by any anaver thereunto, or inch Discovery, [0 any fuct) Examination, as aforesaid, shall he made use of to subject any Person making any such disco liable only to the very cr not answerine Arch Bill, to any Penalty or Forfeiture, other than the Loss of the Presentation then

jl»gis ot tns t re n 1 13

lent a lion. - vvucilion*

1 i Ji lallull 111u.1j ill 3 auu i ti 11. uw uiv. voui ui

tru(tcetr°he Clerk or either of them, That the said Patron is but a Trustee for some other Person or Persons, that then at discover for the said Patron and his Clerk shall discover who such Person and Persons are, and where he, she, or they

to give such Satisfaction, as aforesaid.

vlit. And it is hereby An there enacted.

That in case of any such Bill or Bills of Discovery, as aforesaid, Chancellor and Scholars of either of the said Universities, or their

exhibited by: he exhibited in any Court of Equity by the Chancellor and Scholars ot either of the said Umveriuies, or their University, no Presentee, no Lapse hall incur, nor Plenarty be a Bar, against such Chancellor and Scholars, in respect of Lupfe (bail in the Benefice or eccjefinstical Living, touching which such Bill shall be so exhibited, till after three Months

cur, fire, till

three Months after the Answer put in? Sic.

The University may sue any Writ of Quare Impeciitj C

The Court may enforce the Producing cf Deeds rebttng tu Trulls.

Not to extend to Scotland,

The Lo: ds of Judiciary may inflidl the same Punishments on Jesuitt', fire, which the Privy

from the Time that the Answer to such Bill shall be put in, or the same be taken pro Cmfejfo, or the pro fecution thereof deserted; that such Bill or Bills he exhibited before any Lapse incurred.

IX. And whereas it hath been doubted whether any Writ of Quare Impedit brought by the respective Universities, for any Presentation, Nomination, Collation or Donation purfunnt to the said recited Acts, ' or either of them, may be brought by them, in or by the Name of Chancellor and Scholars, or ought to be by their true Name of Incorporation respectively; 'It is hereby declared, That the said respective Chancellors and Scholars of the said Universities are by this at, and were by the said former Acts, entir tied to sue any Writ of Qgiarc Impedit by the Name of Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Oxford, and Chancellor and Scholars of the University of Cambridge respectively, or by their respcifiive proper Names of Incorporation at their Ejection.

X. And be it further enacted, That in case of any Trust for any Papist, or Person professing the Popish Religion, confeited or discovered in and by any anaver to such Bill, as aforesaid, or such Examination, as aforesaid, it shall and may be lawful for the Court where such Discovery shall he made, and such Court is hereby enabled, to enforce the producing of the Deeds creating and relating to the said Trusts, by such Methods as they shall find proper.

XL. Provided always, That nothing herein before contained shall extend to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

XII. And whereas by the Determination of the late Privy Council of Scotland, the Punishments contained in an Act of the Parliament of Scotland, passed in the eighth Sefnoh of the first Parliament of King William, intituled, An Act for preventing the Growth of Popery, cannot be fully put in Execution against Jesuits, Priests, and other trafficking Papists, who clifguiie and shelter themselves under borrowed Names, to avoid the Penalty of the Law; 'It is therefore hereby enacted, and be it enacted by the Authority

Stat. 2. 641

thority aforesaid - the Lords of her Majesty's Judiciary in Scotland be hereby ifnpowered to inflibl the p<'unci1 °[ scot same Punishments against Jesuits, Priests, and other trafficking Papists, which the Privy Council of Scotland was empowered to do by the aforesaid Act of Parliament. on Act passed i.

that Kingdom Farther prorvijtons relating hereto, 1 Geo. j, flat. 2. C 55. 3 Geo. ic, l3. - n Geo. 2. c. 17.

by

passed in 33 Geo. z, C 11.

CAP. XV.

An act for providing a Public Reward for such Person or Persons as shall discover the Longitude at Sea.

WHEREAS it is well known by all that are acquainted with the Art of Navigation, That nothing is so much wanted and desired at Sea, as the Discovery of the Longitude, for the Safety and Quickness of Voyages, thepreservation of Ships, and the Lives of Men: And whereas in the Judgement of able Mathematicians and Navigators, several Methods have already been discovered, true in Theory, though very difficult in Prablice, Tome of which (there is Reason to expect) may be capable of Improvement, some already discovered may be proposed to the Public, and others may be invented hereafter: And whereas such a Discovery would be of particular Advantage to the Trade of Great Britain, and very much for the Honour of this Kingdom; but besides the great Difficulty of the Thing itself, partly for the Want of some Public Reward to be settled as an Encouragement for so useful and beneficial a Work, and partly for want of Money for Trials and Experiments neccftary thereunto, no such Inventions or Proposals, hitherto made, have been brought to Perfection Be it therefore enacted by the queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, or the first Commissioner of the Admiralty, the Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, the first Commissioner of the Navy, the first Commissioner of Trade, the Admirals of the Red, White, and Blue Squadrons, the Mailer of the Trinity house, the President of the Royal Society, the Royal Astronomer of Greenwich, the Savilian, Lucafian and Phantom Professors of the Mathematics in Oxford and Cambridge, all for the Time being, the Right Honourable Thomas Earl of Pembroke and Montgosnery, Philip Lord Bishop of Hereford, George Lord Bishop of Bristol, Thomas Lord Trevor, the Honourable Sir Thomas Hanmer Baronet, Speaker of the Honourable House of Commons, the Honourable Francis Robarts Esq; James Stanhope Esq; William Clayton Esq; and William Lowndes Esq; be constituted, and they are hereby constituted Commissioners for the Discovery of the Longitude at Sea, and for examining, trying, and judging of all Proposals, Experiments, and Improvements relating to the same; and that the said Commissioners, or any five or more of them, have full Power to hear and receive any Proposal or Proposals that shall be made to them for discovering the said Longitude; and in Case the Laid Commissioners, or any five or more of them, shall be so far satisfied of the Probability of any such Discovery, as to think it proper to make Experiment thereof, they shall certify the same, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the Persons Names, who are the Authors of such Proposals; and upon producing such Certificate, the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills for any such Sum or Sums of Money, not exceeding two thousand Pounds, as the said Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, or any five or more of them, shall think necessary for making the Experiments, payable by the Treasurer of the Navy; which Sum or Sums the Treasurer of the Navy is hereby required to pay immediately to such Person or Persons as shall be appointed by the Commissioners for the Discovery of the said Longitude, to make those Experiments, out of any Money that shall be in his Hands, unapplied for the Use of the Navy.

II. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That after Experiments made of any Proposal or Proposals for the Discovery of the said Longitude, the Commissioners appointed by this Act, or the major Part of them, shall declare and determine how far the same is found practicable, and to what Degree of Exabtness.

III. And for a due and sufficient Encouragement to any such Person or Persons as shall discover a proper Method for finding the said Longitude, Be it enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That the first Author or Authors, Discoverer or Discoverers of any such Method, his or their Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, shall be intituled to, and have such Reward as herein after is mentioned; that is to say, to a Reward, or Sum of ten thousand Pounds, if it' determines the said Longitude to one Degree of a great Circle, or sixty Geographical Miles; to fifteen thousand Pounds, if it determines the same to two Thirds of that distance; to twenty thousand Pounds, if it determines the same to one Half of the same Distance; and that one Moiety or Half part of such Reward or Sum shall be due and paid when the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, do agree that any such Method extends to the Security of Ships within eighty Geographical Miles of the Shores, which are Places of the greatest Danger, and the other Moiety or Half part, when a Ship by the Appointment of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall thereby actually sail over the Ocean, from Great Britain to any such Port in the West indies, as those Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall choose or nominate for the Experiment, without losing their Longitude beyond the Limits before mentioned.

IV. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That as soon as such Method for the Discovery of the said Longitude shall have been tried and found practicable and useful at Sea, within any of the Degrees aforesaid, That the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall certify the same accordingly, under their Hands and Seals, to the Commissioners of the Navy for the Time being, together with the I erson or Persons Names, who are the Authors of such Proposal; and upon such Certificate the said Commissioners are hereby authorised and required to make out a Bill or Bills for the respective Sum or

Commissioners appointed for discovering the Longitude, and receiving Proposals relating to it

Commissioners to certify the Probability of such Disc very to the Commissioners of the Navy, who shall make out a Bill foraocol. fer t making the Experiments.

14 Geo. 2. c. 39. 26 Geo. 2. c. 25. To be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy.

The Commissioners to determine how far any Proposal is practicable. Reward to the first Discoverer

When to be paid.

As soon as suck Method shall have been found practicable, the Commissioners shall certify the same to the

Anno duodecimo Ann Regina. A.D. 1713.

Commimoners

Sums of Money, to which the Author or Authors of such Proposal, their Executors, Administrators, or of the Navy, Alligns, shall be intituled by Virtue of this Act; which Sum or Sums the Treasurer of the Navy is here who dial] make by required to pay to the said Author or Authors, their Executors, Administrators, or Alligns, out of any out Bills for money that shall be in his Hands unapplied to the Use of the Navy, according to the true Intent and Mean

Reward) ani in f th's act' the Treasurer of the Navy hall pay the same.

V. And it is hereby further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any such Proposal shall not, on Trial, be found of so great Use, as aforementioned, yet if the same, on Trial, in the Judgement of the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, be found of considerable Use to the Public, that then in such Case, the said Author or Authors, their Executors, Administrators or Alligns, shall have and receive such less Reward therefore, as the said Commissioners, or the major Part of them, shall think reasonable, to be paid by the Treasurer of the Navy, on such Certificate, as aforesaid.

The Commissioners may allow a less Reward for any Proposal of considerable Use to the Public Amended by a Geo. 3. C is.

CAP. XVI.

An Act to reduce the Rate of Interest, without any Prejudice to Parliamentary Securities.

37 H. 8. C 9.

13 El. C 8.

21 Jac. 1. C 17, II Car, 2, C 13,

WHEREAS the Reducing of Interest to ten, and from thence to eight, and thence to six in the Hundred, hath, from Time to Time, by Experience been found very beneficial to the advance ment of Trade, and Improvement of Lands: And whereas the heavy Burden of the late long and expen five War hath been chiefly born by the Owners of the Land of this Kingdom, by Reason whereof they have been necessitated to contract very large Debts, and thereby, and by the Abatement in the Value of their Lands, are become gleatly.impoverished: And whereas by Reason of the great Interest and Profit which hath been made of xmoney at Home, the Foreign Trade of this Nation hath of late Years been much neglected, and at this Time there is a great Abatement in the Value of the Merchandizes, Wares, ' and Commodities of this Kingdom, both at Home and in Foreign Parts, whither they are transported: ' whereas for the Redress of these Mischiefs, and the preventing the Increase of the same, it is abfo lutely necessary to reduce the high Rate of Interest of six Pounds in the hundred Pounds for a Year to a ' nearer Proportion with the Interest allowed for Money in Foreign States Be it therefore enacted by the Queen's moult Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That no Person or Persons whatsoever, from and after the nine and twentieth Day of September in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, upon any Contrast, which shall be made from and after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, take, directly or indirectly, for Loan of any Moneys, Wares, Merchandise, or other Commodities whatsoever, above the Value of five Pounds for the Forbearance of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or shorter AH Bonds, C Time; and that all Bonds, Contracts, and Assurances whatsoever, made after the Time aforesaid, for for a greater in payment of any Principal, or Money to be lent or covenacted to be performed upon or for any Usury, ter eft shall be whereupon or whereby there shall be reserved or taken above the Rate of five Pounds in the Hundred, as aforesaid, shall be utterly void; and that all and every Person or Persons whatsoever, which shall after the Time aforesaid, upon any Contraftto be made after the said nine and twentieth Day of September, take, accept and receive, by Way or Means of any corrupt Bargain, Loan, Exchange, Cnevizance, Shift, or Interest of any Wares, Merchandise, or other Thing or Things whatsoever, or by any deceitful Way or Means, or by any Covin, Engine, or deceitful Conveyance, for the forbearing or giving Day of Payment V e r' ft for one whole Year, of and for their Money or other Thing, above the Sum of five Pounds for the forbear

vaheo/th/ 'n£ one hundred Pounds fora Year and so after that Rate for a greater or lesser Sum, or for a longer or

Monks, C shorter Term, shall forfeit and lose for every such Offence the treble Value of the Moneys, Wares, Merchandizes, and other Things solent, bargained, exchanged or shifted.

After 29 Sept, If. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That all and every Scrivener and Scriveners, 1714. no Scrive Broker and Brokers, Solicitor and Solicitors, Driver and Drivers of Bargains for Contracts, who shall after ner, C shall tie njne ancj twentieth Day of September take or receive, directly or indirectly, any Sum or Sums of Money, or other Reward or Thing for Brokage, soliciting, driving, or procuring the Loan, or forbearing of any Sum or Sums of Money, over and above the Rate or Value of five Shillings for the Loan, or forbearing of one hundred Pounds for a Year and so ratably, or above twelve Pence, over and above the

Stamp-duties, for making or renewing of the Bond or Bill for Loan, or forbearing thereof, or for any

Counterbond or Bill concerning the same, shall forfeit for every such Offence twenty Pounds, with Costs of Suit, and suffer Imprisonment for Half a Year; the one Moiety of all which Forfeitures to be to the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, and the other Moiety to him or them that will sue for the same in the same County where the several Offences are committed, and not elsewhere, by Action of Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, in which no Essoin, Wager of Law or Protedlian, shall be al

After 29 Sept. 3714. no Person shall take above 5 h percent, Interest.

void And Persons taking above 51, for the Forbearance of look for a

take above 5 s.

or jook fora Year, for Brokage, C nor above 12. d. besides Stamp Duties, for ma king or renewing any Bond,

con Penalty f 201. Costs, and imprisonment for six

Months ome Moiety to ihe Crown, the other to the Prosecutor,

lowed.

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo Anna Reginse,

Stat. 2

643

CAP. XVII.

An act for the speedy and effectual preserving the Navigation of the River of Thames, by slopping the Breach in the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in the County of Essex and for ascertaining the Coal Measure

WHEREAS the Preservation of the River of Thames is of the utmost Importance, as well to the City of London, as to the Trade of this whole Kingdom: And whereas in the Year one thousand seven hundred and seven, by a violent Inundation of the said River of Thames, there happened a great Breach in the Walls or Banks of the Levels of Havering and Dagenham in the County of Essex,

next adjoining to the said River, whereby one thousand Acres of Land in the said Levels is overflowed, and the same, if not speedily remedied, will tend to the apparent Hazard of the Navigation of the said River, by the continual Quantities of Earth and Gravel, which every Tide are brought from the said

and have already occasioned a Shelf or Sand Bank to grow up near the Mouth of the said Breach,

which reaches almost half cross the River in Breadth, and near a Mile in Length; inso much that if the said Breach is not Hopped, and the Walls or Banks made good again, the Navigation of the said River

of Thames is in Danger of being utterly destroyed For Remedy whereof, Be it enacted, C "

"10 Years from 10 July 1714. Ships coming into the Port of London, to pay 3 d. per Tonne. Coasters "s. each Voyage. Colliers 1 d. per Chalder. Names of the trustees. Trustees may appoint Receivers "of these Duties. Duties to be applied to the Stopping the Breach. Accounts, C to be laid before the "Parliament. No Customer, C to take any Entries, C till these Duties are paid, on forfeiture of "50l. Collector may enter Ships, and distrain for the Duties. Trustees may borrow Money on this "Act at 61. percent. If sufficient Money be raised within the 10 Years, then the Duties to cease."

EXP.

XI. And whereas the Practice and Usage in the Port of London for many Years last past, in the Mea

of all Sorts of Coals, 'commonly called Sea Coals, water born, liable to the several Duties, and

chargeable with the same by several acts of Parliament, hath usually been made by a Bushel equal to

one Bushel and one Quartj Winchester Measure, according to the Standard in her Majesty's Exchequer:

And whereas some Doubts and Disputes have of late arisen touching the Measurement of Sea Coals; '

For preventing the refore all such Disputes for the future, Be it enacted and declared by the Authority aforesaid, That the Bushel commonly called the Coal Bushel, shall be made round, with a plain and even Bot thecontentssf tom, and to be nineteen Inches and a Half from Outside to Outside, and to contain one tfinchester Bushel a Coal Buflie). and one Quart of Water, according to the Standard for the jvmchester Bushel, described by an Act of Par '3 & 14 'E' 3' liament made in the thirteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King William for settling a Duty C* Malt, and all Sea Coals and Culm chargeable with any Duties by the Winchester Measure, from and after the first Day of Aaguji one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, shall! be chargeable with the said Duties, and be sold, measured, and paid by the Chalder, containing thirty-six of such Bushels, as aforesaid, heaped up, and no other, and.so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, under the like Penalties and Forfeitures as are by Law prescribed in Regard to the 1 Finchester Bushel; any Law, Usage or.

Custom to the contrary in any wise notwithstanding.

XII. And for the more easy and better ascertaining the Contents of the said Bushel, 'Be it further en a Standard acted by the Authority aforesaid, That the Lord High Treasurer, or any three or more of the CommissionBushel to be ners of the Treasury for the Time being, shall cause an exact Bushel to be made of Brass of the Manner kepf in theex and Dimensions aforesaid, and the same to be sealed and kept in her Majesty's Exchequer as a Standard for The'penalt of the Purposes aforesaid, that Recourse may be had thereto as Occasion shall require.

Dealers in Coala

"Lands sold by Decree of Commissioners of Sewers, C may be redeemed by the Land Owners before not ufin3 such i "1 Dec. 1714. Notice in the Gazette of receiving Proposals for slopping the Breach. Coasting Boys not 6

"chargeable."

EXP.

Farther Provisions concerning coa/s, 13 Geo. 2. c. 21. 17 Geo. 2. c. 35. 19 Geo. 2. c. 35. 2 % Geo. t. C yf, 23 Geo. 2. % C 26. 30 Geo. 2. c. 19. 3*

Geo. 2. c. 15. 32 Geo. z, C 27, and 33 Geo. 2. c. 15.

CAP. XVIII.

An act for the Preserving all such Ships and Goods thereof, which shall happen to be forced on Shore, or branded, upon the Coasts of this Kingdom, or arty other of her Majesty's Dominions.

WHEREAS by an act made in the third Year of the Reign of King Edward the First, con 3 Ea. 1. c. 4, 'cerning Wrecks at Sea, it is enacted, That where a Man, a Dog, or a Cat, escape quick out of the Ship, that such Ship, nor Barge, nor anything in them, shall be adjudged a Wreck, but the Goods shall be saved, and kept by View of the Sheriff, Coroner, or the King's Bailiff, and delivered into the Hands of such as are of the Town where the Goods were found; so that if any sue for those Goods,

and after prove that taey were hr, or perished within his keeping, within a Year and a Day, they shall be restored to him without Delay, and if not, they shall remain to the King, or to such others to whom Wreck belongeth; and he that otherwise doth, and thereof be attainted, shall be awarded to Prison, and

"Anno duodecimo anne Reginae.

A.D. 1713.

4 Td, 1. Scat 3

Sheri fs, Mayors, CC and cunom house Officers to summon Men toaflift Ships in Dilirefs.

All Ships to assist,

n Forfeiture of TOO J.

Reasonable Salvage to be made. By 5 Geo. 1. C II §. 13. Goods laved from branded Ships are to pay Costom*

Three Justices to adjust the quantum.

Goods not claimed in 12 Months, to be sold,

and the Mories transmit'ed into the Exchequer,

Perkns entering Ship without Lcav*>

C make Fine at the King's Will; And whereas by another at made in the fourth Year of the Reign of the fall King Edward the first, intituled, De officio Coronatcris, concerning the Wreck of the Sea, it is en ' a'£led, That wheresoever it be found, if any lay Hands of it, he shall be attached by sufficient Pledges, ' and thfe Price of the Wreck shall be valued, and delivered to the Town; And whereas great Complaints have been made by several Merchants, 'as well her Majesty's Subjects as Foreigners, trading to and from e this Kingdom, that many Ships of tvade, after all their Dangers at Sea escapea, have unfortunately X near home, run on Shore, or been rtranded on the Coasts thereof) and that such Ships have been barba rously plundered by her Majesty's Subjects, and their Cargoes embezilled, and when any Part thereof has been saved, it has been swallowed up by exorbitant Demands for Salvage, to the great Loss of her Majesty's Revenue, and to the much greater Damage of her Majesty's trading subjectsfor Remedy whereof be it enacted by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the Sheriffs, Justices of the Peace of every County, or County of a City or Town, and also all Mayors, Bailiffs, and other Head Officers of Corporations and Port towns near adjoining to the Sea, and all Constables, Headboroughs, Tythingmen, and Officers of the Customs in all and every such Daces shall, upon Application made to them, or any of them, by or on the Behalf of any Commander or Chief Officer of any Ship or Vessel of any of her Majesty's Subjects, or others, being in Danger of being stranded or run on Shore, or being stranded or run on Shore, are hereby empowered and required to command the Constables of the several Ports within her Majesty's Dominions, nearest to the Seacoasts where any such Ship or Vessel shall be in Danger, as aforesaid, to summon and call together as many Men as shall, be thought necessary to the Assistance and for the Preservation of such Ship or Vessel so indistress, as aforesaid, and their Cargoes; and that if there shall be any Ship or Vessel, either Man of war or Merchants Ship, belonging to her Majesty, or any of her Subjects, riding at Anchor near the Place where such Ship or Vessel is in Distress or Danger, as aforesaid, the Officers of the Customs, and Constables abovementioned, or any of them, are hereby empowered and required to demand of the Superior Officers of such Ship or Vessel so riding at Anchor, as aforesaid, Assistance by their Boats, and such Hands as they can conveniently spare, for the said Service and Preservation of the said Ship or Vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid; and that in case such Superior officer.of such Ship or Vessel riding at Anchor, as aforesaid, shall refuse or neglet to give such Assistance, he shall forfeit for the same the Sum of one hundred Pounds, to be recovered by the Superior Officer of the said Ship or Vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid, together with their Costs of Suit, in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, by Ation, Debt, Bill, Plaint or Information, wherein noeflbin, Wager of Law, or Protection shall be allowed.

II. And for the Encouragement of such Persons as shall give their Assistance to such Ships or Vessels foin Distress, as aforesaid, Be it further enacted, That the said Collectors of the Customs, and the Master or Commanding Officer of ariy Ships or Vessels, and all others who shall act or be employed in the Preserving of any such Ship or Vessel in Distress, as aforesaid, or their Cargoes, shall within thirty Days after the Service performed be paid a reasonable Reward for the same, by the Commander, Master, or other Superior Officer, Mariners or Owners of the Ship or Vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid, or by the Merchant, whose Ship, Vessel, or Goods shall be so saved, as aforesaid; and in default thereof, the said Ship, Vessel or Goods so saved, as aforesaid, shall remain in the Custody of such Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, 'until such Time that all Charges shall be paid, and until the said Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, and the said Master or other Officer of the Ship or Vessel, and all others so employed, as aforesaid, shall be reasonably gratified for their said Assistance and Trouble, or good Security given for that purpose, to the Satisfaction of the several Parties that are to receive the same; and that in case after such Salvage, the Commander or other Superior Officer, Mariners or Owners of such Ship or Vessel so saved, as aforesaid, or Merchant whose Goods shall be so saved, as aforesaid, shall disagree with the said Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, touching the Moneys deserved by any of the Persons so employed, as aforesaid, it shall be lawful for the Commander of such Ship or Vessel so saved, or the Owner of the Goods, or the Merchant interested therein, and also for the said Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, to nominate three of the neighbouring Justices of the Peace, who shall thereupon adjust the Quantum of the Moneys or Gratuities to be paid to the several Persons ating or being employed in the Salvage of the said Ship, Vessel or

Goods; and such Adjustments shall be binding to all Parties, and shall be recoverable in an Action at Law to be brought in any of her Majesty's Courts of Record, by the respective Persons to whom the same shall be allotted by the said Justices of Peace; and in case it shall happen, that no Person shall appear to make his Claim to all or any the Goods that shall be saved, that then and in such Case, the chief Officer of the Customs of the nearest Port to the Place where the said Ship or Vessel was foin Distress, as aforesaid, shall apply to three of the nearest Justices of the Peace, who shall put him or some other responsible Person in possession of the said Goods, such Justices of Peace taking an Account in Writing of the said Goods, to be signed by such Officer of the Customs; and if the said Goods shall not be legally claimed within the Space of twelve Months next ensuing, by the rightful Owner thereof, then public Sale shall be made thereof, and if perifbable Goods, forthwith to be sold, and after all Charges deducted, the Residue of the Moneys arising by such Sale, with a fair and just Account of the whole, shall be transmitted to her Majesty's Exchequer, there to remain for the Benefit of the rightful Owner when appearing, who upon Affidavit or Oihcr Proof made of his or their Right or Property thereto, to the satisfaction of one of the Barons of the Coife of the Exchequer, shall upon his Order receive the same out of the Exchequer.

III. And it is hereby also enacted, Thetis any Person or Persons whatsoever, besides those empowered by the said Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, and the Constables, as aforesaid, shall enter or endeavour to enter on board any such Ship or Vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid, without the Leave or Consent of of the Commander, or other Superior Officer of the said Ship, or of the said Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, or of the said Constable, or some or one of them employed for the Service and Preservation of the said Ship or vessel, as aforesaid; or in case any Person shall molest him, them, or any of them, in the fa or hindering the ving of the said Ship, vessel or Goods, or shall endeavour to impede or hinder the saving of any such Ship, saving the ship, Veiled or Goods, or when any such Goods are saved, shall take out or deface the Marks of any such Goods, 0 make double before the same shall be taken down in a Book or Books for that Purpose provided by the Commander or Satls 2 on' ruling Officer, and the first Officer of the Customs, as aforesaid, such Person or Persons shall, within the Space of twenty Days, make double Satisfaction to the Party grieved, at the Discretion of the two next Justices of Peace, or in Default thereof, shall by such Justices of Peace be sent to the next House of Correction, where he shall continue and be imployea in hard Labour by the Space of twelve Months then. next ensuing; that it shall be lawful for any Commander or Superior Officer of the said Ship or vessel Matters may To in Distress, as aforesaid, or for the said Officer of the Customs, or Constables on board the same Ship, repel pr<ve.rs or vessel, to repel by Force any such Person or Persons as shall, without such Leave or Consent from the lnt0 1 es, 11p* said Commander or Superior Officer, or the said Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy, or such constables, as aforesaid, press on board the said Ship or vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid, and thereby molest them in the Preservation of the said Ship or vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid.

[goods carried]

IV. And it is hereby likewise enacted, That in case any Goods shall be found upon any Person or Persons, that were stolen or carried off from any such Ship or vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid, he, she, or oft to be im7 they, on whom such Goods shall be found, shall immediately, upon Demand, deliver the same to the dei'"

Owner thereof, or to such Person by such Owner authorised to 'receive the same, or in Default thereof, up' shall be liable to pay treble the Value of such Goods, to be recovered by such Owner in an Action at Penalty the Law to be brought for the same. the Value"

[Making Holes]

V. And it is hereby moreover enacted, That if any Person or Persons shall make, or be assisting in the making any Hole in the Bottom, Side, or any other Part of any Ship or Vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid, mtheship, or shall steal any Pump belonging to any Ship or Vessel foin Distress, as aforesaid, or shall be aiding or eony* abetting in the Stealing such Pump, as aforesaid, or shall wilfully do anything tending to the immediate Loss or Destruction of such Ship or Vessel, such Person or Persons shall be and are hereby made guilty of Felony, without any Benefit of his, her, or their Clergy.

[Publick Act.]

VI. And be it further enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That if any Action, Suit or Information, General issue, shall be commenced or prosecuted against any Person or Persons, for anything that he or they shall do, or cause to be done, in Pursuance of this Act, and executing any of the Powers and Authorities, or any of the Orders or Directions therein mentioned, all and every Person and Persons so sued in any Court whatsoever, shall and may plead the General Issue, and give this Act and the special Matter in Evidence; and if in any such Suit the Plaintiff or Prosecutor shall become nonsuit, or forbear Prosecution, or discontinue the Suit, or if a Verdict shall pass against him, or Judgement be given against him upon a Demurrer, then in any of the said Cases, the Defendant or Defendants shall recover full Costs, for which he and they shall have the like Remedy as where Costs by Law are awarded; and this Act shall be taken and allowed in all Courts within this Kingdom as a publick Act, and all Judges and Justices are hereby required to take Notice thereof as such without special pleading of the same.

VII. Provided nevertheless, if any Officer of the Customs, or his Deputy so empowered, as above, shall, customhouse

by Fraud or wilful Neglect, abuse the Trust so hereby reposed in him, as aforesaid, and shall be convicted ofhcerahufing thereof in due Form of Law, such Officer, or his Deputy, shall respectively forfeit treble Damages to the Ttuft, to

Party grieved, to be recovered in any Action or Suit to be brought in any Court of Record, and shall from and thenceforth be fully disabled and rendered incapable of the same, or any other Employment relating to the disabled, '2 said Customs.

VIII. And it is hereby further enacted, That this Act, and the several Clauses herein contained, shall Aa to com

take Effect from and after the first Day of August in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and inence i Aug. fourteen; and that for the better observing of the same, this Act shall be read four Times in the Year in all ii and 1, the Parish Churches and Chapels of every Seaport Town, and upon the Sea coastin this Kingdom, upon the year on the Sundays next before michaelmas day christmas day, ladyday, and midsummer day in the Morning, iin Cnndavs: n Sea. mediately after the Prayers, and before the Sermon. Port Towns.

IX. Provided always, and it is hereby enacted, That neither this Act, nor anything herein contained, claims to shall any Ways extend to deprive, or any Ways prejudice her Royal Majesty, her Heirs or Successors, or Wreckfaved. any claiming under them, or any of them, or any Patentee or Grantee of the Crown, or any Lord or Lords of any Manor or Manors, or other Person whatsoever, of or in relation to any Plight which they, or any of them respectively have, or shall have, or lawfully may claim to any Wreck or Wrecks, or any Goods that are or shall be Floatfam, Jetfam or Lagan, but that such respective Rights shall be enjoyed in as full, ample, and beneficial a Manner, in every Respect, as if this Act had never been made.

X Provided, That this Act shall continue in Force for the Space of three Years, and from thence to the Continuation.

End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer. (Made perpetual by Geo. 1. c. 12.] See farther

mi 2.6 Geo. to > C 19.

646 Srat. 2. Anno duodecimo Ann Regina. A.D. 1713.

CAP. XIX.

An Act to explain a Clause in an Act of Parliament of the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for laying several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same; and upon chequered and striped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, caliicoes, Linens and Stuffs, printed, painted or stained; and upon several Kinds of stamped Vellum, Parchment and Paperand upon certain printed Pamphlets and Advertisements; raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by Way of a Lottery; and for other Purposes in the said at mentioned, so far as the said at relates to Lawns, Canvas, Buckrams, 'Barras, and Silesia Neckcloths.

10 A". CT. C tt7here AS in and by an Act passed intenth Year of her present Majesty's Reign, intituled An act' Act for laving several Duties upon all Sope and Paper made in Great Britain, or imported into the same:, and upon chequered and jlriped Linens imported; and upon certain Silks, Calicoes, Linens and Stuffs, -£ printed, painted or stained; upon several Kinds ofstampt Vellum, Parchment and Paper; and upon certain printed Papers, Pamphlets and Advertisements; raising the Sum of eighteen hundred thousand Pounds by tvay of a Lottery, towards her Maj efts Supply; and for licensing an additional Number of Hackney Chairsand for charging certain stocks of Cards and Dice; and for better securing her Majests Duties to arise in the Office '* for tl e Stamp-duties by Licences for Marriages and otherwise; for reuef of Per fans who have not claimed their Lottery pickets in due Time, or have lost Exchequer bills, or Lottery tickets; and for borrowing Money upon Stock (Part of the Capital of the South Sea Company) for the life of the Public': It was enacted,

That there Should be raised, levied, collected and paid, to and for the Use of her Majesty, her Heirs and Successors, for, and upon all chequered and striped Linens, and upon all Linens printed, painted, stained or dyed, after the Manufacture, or in the Thread and Yarn before the Manufacture, in any Foreign Parts, which at any Time or Times, within or during the Term of thirty-two Years, to be reckoned from the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, Should be imported or brought into the Kingdom of Great Britain, and might lawfully be used or worn there (over and above all other Customs, Subsidies and Duties imposed upon, or payable for the same) a Duty of fifteen Pounds for every one hundred Pounds of the true and real Value thereof, to be paid by the Importers respectively; also, that all and every Printers, Painters, Stainers, Dyers, Drapers, Mercers, Upholders, Traders and Dealers respectively, having on the said twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred and twelve, in his, her or their Custody or Possession, or in the Custody or Possession of any other Person or Persons, for his, her, or their Use, Benefit or Account, any Stock or Quantity of such chequered or striped Linens, or of such printed, painted, stained or dyed Silks, Calicoes, Linens, or such Stuffs, as aforesaid, being for Sale, either Wholesale or Retail, should yield and pay to her Majesty for the same, so much Money as one Half part of the Rates and Duties by the said Act imposed on the like respective Commodities, after the Commencement of the said Act, Should amount unto; the said Half part of the said Stocks to be paid within three Months after the said twentieth Day of July aforesaid; whereas some Doubts have s arisen whether Lawns, Linens striped or chequered, being all white, and Neckcloths having Stripes at the End only; as also Barras striped or chequered, and Buckrams are liable by the said Act to the above mentioned Duties; ' Be it enacted and declared by the Queen's most Excellent Majesty, by and with the Lawns. silesia Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament af neckdotiis, sembled, and by the Authority of the same, That all Lawns, and striped or chequered Linens, being all r.arras* Canvas, white, and Neckcloths striped at the End only, and also Barras, or packing Canvas and Buckrams, were and Buckrams, not charged, or intended to be charged by the said recited Act, upon the Importation thereof, with any of by'10 Ann Duties by the same Act granted; anything in the said recited Act contained to the contrary thereof, C 19., §n56. notwithstanding.

CAP. XX.

An act to explain and make more effectual an Act passed in the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, for preventing Abuses in making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths and Breadths, and equal Sorting of Yarn, in each Piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the same.

id Ann. C 2l. 4 WHEREAS by an Act made in the tenth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to prevent Abuses inr making Linen Cloth, and regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting tf Yarn for each Piece made in Scotland, and for whitening the same; and forasmuch as there was no Provision made

in the said Act for regulating the Lengths, Breadths, and equal Sorting ofyarn for Dornick or Towelling,

r-14 Taii tfor 1 or fr Quarter Pieces of white Linen Cloth; 'For Remedy whereof. Be it enacted by the queen's most nidcj Towelling Excellent Majesty, by and with the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and com and plain l.t.en mon in this present Parliament assembbd, and by Authority of the same, That from and after the first made in Scot Day of August, which shall be in the Year of our Lord one thousand seven hundred and fourteen, all Sorts land, shall he of Dornick:, Towelling, or plain Linen Cloth made in Scotland, shall be made of well sorted Yarn for

fcrud Vam &c. eac^ Piece, and equally wrought, and equally fine, front the one End of the Piece to the other, and shall

A.D. 1713. Anno duodecimo anne Reginae. Stat. 2. 64.7

be by the Standard yard wand, of the Lengths and Breadths following, That each Piece of broad, double The Lengths -

or single Dornick Table clothes, shall be in Length twelve Yards and a Quarter, the Half Piece six Yards and Breadibc.

and one eighth, and shall be full two Yards in Breadth; and that each Piece of double or single Dornick

for Naprie or Towelling, shall be full twenty-four Yards, and the Half Piece twelve Yards in Length, and

+shall be full three Quarters of a Yard, or full Half Yard in Breadth; and that each quarter piece of plain white Linen Cloth shall be full ten Yards in Length, and shall be full Yard, or full three Quarters of a Yard, or full Half an Yard in Breadth.

II. And be it further enacted, That every Person offending in any of the Matters aforesaid, contrary to Penaltys. for Directions of this Act, do and shall for every such Offence forfeit and pay the Sum of five Shillings for evciy Yard every Yard of Cloth; and that the Offences aforesaid shall be examinable and determinable in such Manner, and the Paid Forfeitures and Penalties shall be sued for, levied and recovered, as the Penalty of five to te recovered Shillings Sterling mentioned in the said former Act is directed to be examined and determined, sued for, les by 10 Ann"'vied and recovered. 'ranker p, cm

sorts concerning Linen, I Geo. j. C 36. 3 Geo. ]. c 7, & 21. 37 Geo. 2. c. 30. 18 Geo 2, C 24, 25, 27, £? 36c 21 Geo. 2. c. 26. -29 Geo. 2. c. 25 & 32 Geo. 2. c. 32.

CAP. XXI.

An act to explain Part of an Act made in the seventh Year of her Majesty's Reign, (for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine] so far as the same: relates to unwrought Incle imported into this Kingdom.

Whereas by an Act made in the seventh Year of the Reign of her present Majesty, intituled An act^ Ann. C 7.7 Act for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England, and for raising a further Supply to her Majesty, for the Service of the Year one thousand seven hundred and nine, it is expressly enacted and provided,

That all European Linens, Sisters Thread and Tapes, or Incles (among other Things) shall be exempted from the Payment of the Duties called the Two third Subsidies, for all Times to come during the Conti

of the same: And whereas some Doubts and Disputes have arisen between the Commissioners of

her majesty's Customs and the Merchants and other Importers of the said Tapes and Incles, by Means of the Uncertainty whether the Exception of the Tape or Incle, mentioned in the said Act, be only of Tapes that are wrought Incle, so that all wrought Incle is thereby exempted from the Payment of the aforesaid Duties, though manufactured abroad in Parts beyond the Seas, and unwrought Incles, which employ great Numbers of Poor in manufacturing the same, is confirmed to be liable to, and is charged with the said Duties, contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Law, as appears evidently, in that the bring ingin and importing wrought Incle, is prejudicial to Great Britain, and the poor subjectts and Manufacturers thereof; ' Be it therefore enacted and declared by the queen's most excellent Majesty, by and with Eu can nnj.

the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Commons, in this present Parliament vt0ught incle assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That the said Provision and Exception in the said act above exempted from mentioned, in relation to Tapes or Inchs, shall extend and be construed to exempt European umvrought the Duties of Incle, commonly called or known by the Name of Short Spinnal, as well as wrought Incle, from the Pay gpebjd "e third ment of the said Duties of the Two third Subsidies, which shall be entered at any of her Majesty's Custom thereferences houses within the Kingdom of Great Britain, after the twentieth Day of July one thousand seven hundred to the foregoing and fourteen; any Law, Custom or Usage to the contrary hereof in any wise notwithstanding. Chaser,

CAP. XXII.

An Act to continue an Act of the sixth Year of her Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to enable her ma jefy to make Leases and Copies of Offices, Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of her Duchy of Cornwall, or annexed to the same.

EXP.

CAP. XXIII.

An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars and Vagrants, into one Repealed Act of Parliament; and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars and 13 Geo. 2. c. 24. L Vagrants, and sending them whither they ought to be sent. i7geo. s. C 5.

"Who shall be deemed Rogues and Vagabonds. Constables, C may apprehend a Vagabond, and carry

"him before a Justice. Constable, &c. neglecting, to forfeit 10 i. to the Poor. Justice may order a Re "of*s. for apprehending a Vagabond, to be paid by the Constable where he passed unapprehended,

"on Penalty of zos. Justices to order a general Privy Search in the Night. Persons apprehended to be "examined and sent by the Justices to their legal Settlement. Examination to be transmitted to the Sessions. If no legal Settlement can be found, he shall be sent to the Place of his Birth. If under the Age of "14, to the Abode of Father or Mother, or where last found begging, C Persons having a legal Settle "found wandering, C may be whipped or sent to the House of Correction. How the Charges of "conveying shall be born. Dangerous Rogues to be sent to the House of Correction or Gaol, till next "Quarter sessions, who may order them to be whipped and kept at hard Labour. And any such Rogue escaping from Prison shall be guilty of Felony. Justice shall not make a Pass for conveying a Vagrant to the "Place of his Birth, if he has any legal Settlement, on Forfeiture of 5 /. Persons apprehended refusing to 4 " he

648 Stat. 2. Anno duodecimo Annje Reginae. A.D. 1713.

"be examined, V may be punished as incorrigible Rogues. Justices to certify the Manner, Time, and "Allowance for conveying, C Constable, sv. to convey the Personas directed by the Pass, and deliver "him to the Constable, cof the Place whither sent, taking a Note of such Delivery; which the said "cis required to give, and to apply to some Justice, who shall cause such Vagabond to be "whipped, C and conveyed Torward, C No Constable obliged to receive any Person, unless it appear "he has been whipped, (except Women with Child, Soldiers, fsv.j Justices in Quarter sessions to appoint "Rates for conveying of Vagrants. Quarter sessions to cause such Sums to be raised as Moneys for County "Gaols or Bridges: To be paid to the chief Constables, who shall account for the same twice a Year. "Chief Constable to pay petty Constable the Rates ascertained in the Certificate, and be allowed it on his "Account. Counterfeiting, C any Certificate, forfeits 20l. above the Sum taken. One Half to the "Poor, the other to the Informer, to be levied by Distress. Justices may examine Constable, con Oath, "concerning the conveying, sv. Parish to which conveyed, shall employ such Person in Work. Refusing to work, he shall be sent to the House of Correction. Penalty on a Parish for suffering such per u son to wander again. Person wandering again, to be sent to the House of Correction till next Sessions "then to give Security for good Behaviour for one Year, or be deemed an incorrigible Rogue. Person "to have no Settlement, C shall be an Apprentice for seven Years, either here or in the Planta "Master, fsv. of such Person so bound and transported, to enter into a Recognisance, that he shall "employed in the queen's Plantations, C Persons aggrieved by Orders of Justices may appeal to the "Quarter sessions, whose Determination shall be final. Constables, GV. to remove blind and lame Beg "Or. and whip them if they refuse, or offend a second Time, on Penalty of to s. Duty of Justices "regard to Lunatics. Not to extend to abridge the queen's Prerogative, or the Power of the Lord "Chancellor. Master of a Ship bringing any Rogue, sv. into this Realm, from Ireland, the Plantations, C shall forfeit 5l. V And the Person so brought over shall be sent back. Penalty on the Master of "the Ship, how to be recovered. Master may traverse the Order of the Justices, giving 50 1. Security to "answer the Costs, is'e. Mailers of Ships, fc. bound for Ireland, C to take Vagrants on board, and "convey them to Ireland, is'e. on Forfeiture of 5l. Constable remiss in his Duty, and Persons disturbing "the Execution of this act, and refeuing, tfr. any Person apprehended, shall for every Offence for jexplained and "20 to the Poor. The Acts 39 Eliz. C 4. 1 Jac. 1. C 7. and so much of 7 Jac. 1, C 4. as relates

amended by "to the Privy Search, repealed. Not to extend to prejudice the Heirs or Assigns of "John Dutton, C 10 Geo. 2. C3, REP.

END of the FOURTH VOLUME.

